	
THE ROAD BELOW
A Novel by Joshua McCracken



CHAPTER ONE
In the rearview mirror, the desert shrank behind him, until it was a thin snake of road cutting through a vast expanse of nothingness. Directly ahead, that same snake seemed to go on forever, surrounded on all sides by a golden landscape that was slowly taking on hues of blue, red, orange, and purple. His glasses sat on the dashboard, facing out, braced against a tattered paperback of On the Road that Wade had bought at a used bookstore in Galveston, Texas, and superglued into place. The pages flapped in the wind that streamed into the car through the open windows, creating a sound that was like the fluttering of birds’ wings. There was no music, not with a busted CD player and the Oldsmobile so far out in the middle of nowhere that no radio signal could reach its antenna, but Wade Kanaan didn’t need it. All the music was in his head, and he sang loudly as he raced towards the sun hanging low over the horizon above State Highway 451. 
	Eight days had come and gone. Eight days without a cell phone, without internet, without television, and Wade was only a little surprised to find that, in their absence, he felt better than he had in his entire life. There was only himself, the car, and the road, its arms wide and eager to embrace him as its own. 
	It was difficult to get going, at first. He’d driven aimlessly for three days, making it as far north as Portland, Maine, before deciding that what he was looking for wouldn’t be found in the east, but far out in the west. Wasn’t that the old saying? “Go west, young man.” And so he had. Every mile put between himself and home was another lost minute regained, until he became half-convinced that maybe time travel actually was possible, and it was to be found behind the wheel of a car that most people would never even consider buying. 
	He brought his hand down on the horn and let it blow, until those far-off mountains in the distance caught the sound and threw it back out into the desert. In the wide open space it only grew, and Wade found himself screaming in competition with it. Free. Free! Sweat rolled down his face, a sweat unlike any other he’d felt in his life. The hot, dry sweat of a heat utterly devoid of moisture. That was the expression he’d been hearing at every truck stop and diner he’d hit since crossing into Texas—“It’s a dry heat.” And that it certainly was. The dusty gasp of water in its death throes. He’d given up on wiping his brow hours ago. Now, the sweat flowed freely down his body, creating a second coat of skin that, while perhaps not the most pleasant smelling, was honest, and was truly his. In another half hour, maybe less, the sun would set, and a chill would descend on the desert that would freeze every drop, choke the life out of them. In the trunk of Wade’s Oldsmobile sat a bottle of lighter fluid, a skillet, and a flat of canned beans that, when put together, would equal a good, hearty dinner. In the back seat, bouncing and jumping in rhythm with the car, was a bottle of Wild Turkey, half-filled; the perfect drink with which to wash his meal down. It shared space with a sleeping bag, a case of bottled water, and about six days’ worth of fast food wrappers that he’d allowed to collect. 
	The purples, reds, and blues were almost completely swallowed by the darkness. The sun was now only the faintest sliver of orange at the end of the horizon. Carefully, Wade pulled over. As the car came to a stop, Wade reached into his shirt pocket, fished a cigarette out of the crumpled pack that held it. He opened the door and, the cigarette dangling from his lips, walked out into the cooling desert air. The motorcycle boots he wore were new, more or less; they were a miracle find that, at eight dollars and just his size, he’d considered a good omen. If he’d had any doubts the morning he tossed an old duffel bag full of clothes into the Oldsmobile and lit out of town, they were fully erased by the sight of them, just sitting there on the top shelf of a Goodwill in Des Moines, Iowa. Fortune smiles, kid. With three thousand dollars to his name, courtesy of the last financial aid check he would ever cash, he felt like he had plenty of luck and, for the first time in a year, plenty of time.
	He jumped onto the hood of the car and sat down, lit his cigarette. He’d read somewhere that the Native Americans used to blow the first plume of tobacco smoke into the sky, in offering to the Great Spirit. Wade did the same, and immediately had another drag for himself. He stared ahead, at a large mountain peak in the distance, the tallest for miles around. It bisected the sun perfectly, creating two neat halves on either side of it. He lay back and watched the sun set, without a care in the world.

A hawk screamed above, though Wade couldn’t see it against the blackness of the sky. He could picture it up there, looking down at his small form hunched over the fire. His pea coat was wrapped tight around his body, but even that wasn’t quite enough to keep the chill of night from nipping at his cheeks. He poked a long stick into the flames, shifting the burning logs and brush around. The flames crackled and popped and scrambled over one another as they reached for the sky with sharp, graceful movements, like frenzied ballet dancers. A circle of large rocks kept the flames confined. Wade’s skillet lay off to the side, a spoon sticking out of the mass of cooked beans shuffled off to the skillet’s far end. Lazily, Wade stroked his stomach, smiling to himself, and then opened his lips and sent a loud, satisfied-sounding belch into the night sky. 
	He’d slept only two nights of his journey in a proper bed, and both were back east, when he was still nervous about being so far from home, nervous about the growing number of missed calls on his cell phone. Every time the phone rang he’d find himself jumping for it, snatching it up, staring at the screen with his thumb hovered just over the answer button. Debating. Each time he set it aside. The calls grew in number, the voicemails growing in proportion to them until the mailbox was completely filled. It was on the second night that he realized he was traveling in the wrong direction. Just before leaving the Holiday Inn, he opened his laptop for the last time, and composed a two paragraph letter that went out to family and friends alike that he hoped would serve as an explanation; or, failing that, as an apology. He left the laptop, along with his wallet, behind when he checked out the next morning. With their weight gone, he found he walked a little easier, smiled a little wider. The world is a great big place, he realized, not meant to be compressed to the size of human hands. Man works for nature, not the other way around. What was there to worry about? He was still breathing oxygen, every bone still whole and healthy. The landscape changed from mountainous and vast to flat, hilly, and finally a great umber nothingness that seemed to stretch out, into forever. He was firmly beyond reach, in more ways than one; any further calls to him would have to be forwarded to the bottom of the Wabash River.
	The financial aid refund was never meant to last long, and though Wade could have afforded to live off of fast food for however long he cared to, he decided early on that the easier (and yes, cheaper) option would be to just walk into whatever roadside diner he happened upon, order a meal, and then explain to the manager that he was low on cash but would be happy to work off his debt washing dishes or waiting tables for an hour or two. It broke up the days and afforded him the unique opportunity to talk to people he might otherwise have never met. It connected him. After a year of near-total isolation, it felt good to finally be doing that again.
	Three days ago, he was standing in the parking of a truck stop just outside of Lincoln, Nebraska, enjoying a post-meal cigarette, when a gruff, high-pitched voice asked from behind him, “Hey kid, think I can bum one a’ those?”
	He’d passed the cigarette without thinking, without even bothering to look at the voice’s owner, and after the cigarette had left his hand he allowed it to fall to his side. It just hung there, and in a moment of self-consciousness, Wade hooked his thumb into the pocket of his jeans and let his hand hang from there instead. Oddly, that felt more natural.
	“You always just give strangers the smoke out of your hands?” his new companion asked.
	Wade shrugged. “Take it. It’s my last one.”
	“Mighty kind of you, son. Where you headed?”
	“West.”
	“West?” He whistled. “That’s a lot of real estate.”
	Wade glanced to his left. The man who stood there was older, the t-shirt he wore tight around his middle. White and grey stubble shadowed his cheeks, making them appear shallower than they actually were. His hair was long and thin, tied back in a neat ponytail. Nodding to him, he handed the cigarette back to Wade, who took a single puff and then passed it back. “I’m trying to quit.”
	“Whole world’s trying to quit. But once they have their claws in you, they’re there for life. You see that trailer there? That one across the lot? I could fill that baby up with the butts of every cigarette I’ve ever smoked and still have enough for a Volkswagen Beetle. Where ya runnin’ from?”
	Something tugged inside of Wade’s chest. Made him start. “What makes you think I’m running from something?”
	“Runnin’? Nah, kid, I asked where you were comin’ from.”
	“Oh,” he replied, with a short, nervous laugh that sounded just as forced as it felt. “Vermont.”
	The man nodded, smiled, and stuck out his hand. “Name’s Ron.”
	“Wade,” he replied, and shook the outstretched hand.
	“Wade, it’s a pleasure. What are you, just graduated?”
	“Not yet. I’m kind of…taking a break.”
	“Congratulations. Sometimes takin’ a break is just the way to go. So you packed up your shit, picked up a carton of smokes and decided to see the country, huh? Good for you. America’s one of them neglected places for travelers your age, though by the looks of you you might have done your fair share of it already. My daughter, she ain’t never been any place except for Louisiana, but the second her college offered her the chance to study abroad you couldn’t get her to shut up about it. Italy, Italy, Italy. America’s a special country, you know. It ain’t fashionable to think so, but you bet it is. We got everything here. What you have here is the entire world, compressed to the size of a marble. You ever look at a world map? We ain’t even that big, but we have everything.” He sighed, and on that sigh rode a thick cloud of nicotine that the open air quickly tore apart and dispersed. His fingers opened and the cigarette fell to the ground, where it was crushed beneath a heavy steel-toed boot. “You want a little piece of advice?”
	“Sure.”
	“Keep your mind occupied while you’re out there. Do anything but focus on yourself. That road fever, man... I’ve only been drivin’ a day now, but on the road…it gets to you. Have you seein’ things, ain’t none of them really there. And that’s when you start gettin’ funny.” He tapped his temple once and added, “In the head. Know what I mean?”
	“Yeah.”
	Ron cocked his head at Wade, a queer smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “You give a lot of one word answers, you ever notice that? Can’t nobody get a feel for you if you don’t talk.”
	“I guess I’m not that interesting,” Wade replied, with a half-hearted shrug. “I’ve never really been anywhere.”
	“Me either. The wife and I are lookin’ to change all that. I flew out to Tucson, Arizona four days ago to pick up that RV givin’ you the eye over there. You see it? She’s a beaut, isn’t she? I retired last year, and now I’m finally gonna see the country. That glove box is stuffed full of road maps, key chains, the whole works. By this time next year, I’m expectin’ we’ll have one from every state in the union.” He caught himself, laughed, and said, “Well, the ones you can drive to, anyhow.” He clapped Wade on the back, hard enough to make one of Wade’s feet jump out to keep his body from toppling over. “Travel, son. It’s never too late. Keeps you young. I keep thinkin’ about wakin’ up in Omaha, Toledo, Bismarck, with that little woman of mine in my arms, and my heart gets thumpin’ like a teenager’s.” He plucked an imaginary cap from atop his head and held it against his chest. “God bless General Motors.”
	Wade laughed. “You should be in advertising. That’s perfect.”
	“Not awful, am I right? You ever find yourself sittin’ across from one of them CEOs, you feel free to use that one. Just send me a skinny check as soon as they hand over a fat one.” A pair of buzzes emanated from Ron’s pocket, and he stuck one hand into his pocket to retrieve his cell phone. “Speak of the devil. There’s the little woman now.”
	“All right.” Wade extended his hand, and Ron shook it. “It’s been nice talking to you, Ron.”
	“You too, Wade. And remember somethin’, will ya? You ain’t gonna find home on the open road. Home is wherever the people who love you are. Don’t make ‘em wonder about you.”
	Had he seen something then? Wade found himself wondering about that a lot, the more distance he put between himself and that moment. Ron had been right about one thing: he wasn’t interested in talking about himself. What was there to say? That until a year ago his life had been running on a fairly steady, if fairly predictable, track that was destined to lead him to great things, or so his parents always told him? Wade was suddenly certain that he’d become cellophane, that Ron could see right through him; and though what he saw was perhaps something worthy of sympathy, it was also something you might do well to keep your distance from.
	“Make sure you have plenty of water. Once you get into Texas, it’s all open land from there to California.” He smiled, nodded, and once more stuck out his hand. There was meaning behind it this time, a sensation that neither man could have put into words. “Have a good trip, Wade. Whatever you’re looking for out there, I hope you find it.”
	“Get home safe, Ron.”
	The handshake ended, and they went their separate ways. Every now and again Wade would find himself wondering about Ron, wondering why he hadn’t asked for an e-mail address, or offered his, and then, within a few seconds of the thought, would decide that it was just as well that he hadn’t. Somewhere out there Ron rolled on, and so did he. That was really the only thing that mattered.
	Now, out here in the middle of god knows where, Wade unrolled his sleeping bag and lay it on the ground. The fire burned ever lower, the flames exhausting themselves. Wade shifted some of the brush around with his stick and then tossed it aside. He’d once read that the human eye can detect the glow of a fire from ten miles away. In the city, that knowledge might have made him nervous. It meant you were a target. But out here, with no company other than the coyotes, he found a strange sort of security in it. I am here. I exist. And now all of you know it, too. He picked up the bottle of Wild Turkey, took a long sip, then lit a cigarette and watched the flames grow tired. Finally, he lay down on the sleeping bag and fell asleep.

“Excuse me. Excuse me?”
	Wade looked up, startled, and tore both ear buds from his head with one hand. The strains of the Black Keys faded away. A Lewis Mumford book lay open and uncomprehended before him. Just how long had he been sitting in this library, anyway? He was twelve hours away from his first final of the semester, and he was running on coffee fumes. Between that and the music butchering each and every slab of information as it passed through what was now a mental abattoir, he was beginning to think that he was most decidedly fucked. The stacks around him were clustered too close together, and they were watching his every move. Every time he’d looked up from his book, it had seemed that the library’s population had grown exponentially. 
	The girl sitting across from him had a rooster’s down of purple hair on top of her head. A tiny hole in her labret was the only evidence remaining of a piercing recently removed. Her fingers were clasped together and resting on top of an open book. Her chin was posed inches above them and her blue eyes were narrowed into slits. “You’re humming.”
	“I’m what?”
	“Humming. Humming. You know? Hmmm hmmm hmmmm? Could you knock it off, please?”
	“Oh yeah. Right. Sure.” He glanced nervously at her before turning his attention back to the text. He was aware of her shaking her head before she did the same. He tried to concentrate on the words, tried to dissect each and every syllable, but it was no use. This was like reading stereo assembly instructions. Every few moments he might be able to catch a word and somehow associate it with the overall meaning of the paragraph, but just as quickly as he processed the information some other thought would swoop down, screeching, and carry it into a black night where it could be torn into twitching, mewling shreds in peace. Okay, he told himself. Buckle down time. Get down, get down. But right away, his head was up and his eyes were moving across the library. When he sat down at his desk forty-five minutes ago, there was barely anybody here. Now he could see how this woman of the purple-tinted hair had come to be in his sanctuary; there was no place else for her to go. A tight cluster of students sat in a circle a few feet away, their heads bowed and their voices hushed as they chattered excitedly back and forth. Wade tried to catch the words, then realized that the language they spoke wasn’t English, but Chinese, and gave up. The girl with the purple hair glanced at him once, then breathed a heavy sigh and turned her attention back to her reading.
	You’re not sleeping enough, is your problem.
	He groaned and rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hand. Short, almost angry rubs that made the skin underneath tingle. It was too quiet up here, that was the problem. He would have been better off staying at home, where he could smoke a bowl, crank up some tunes and read in peace, without the steady influx of desperate, sleep-deprived students and one purple-headed girl who seemed to grow more and more annoyed with every second she spent in his presence.
	With a sigh, he forced his eyes down, and promised himself that this was the last time. No more distractions. Time to focus.
	Just one floor below Wade sat another young man who hadn’t been sleeping very well as of late. It showed in the twin bags of bruised skin that hung like a pair of old sandbags from his eyes. The coffee he held in both hands was his third since arriving at the library less than an hour ago. His bladder was drawn up full and tight. If he didn’t get up soon, he was going to piss his pants right there in the booth, surrounded by classmates and instructors who were just trying to get through finals week with sanity intact. His nose twitched once, twice. He flared his nostrils just as a pretty blonde girl walked past. Their eyes locked for a moment, his nostrils still flared. She quickened her pace and was gone. In and out. Still, she had looked, and that little bit of attention from the fairer sex alone was enough to send the blood rushing south. That was good. Countless late night bus rides home from work had taught him that the harder you were, the less you had to piss. His fingers trembled and gave the occasional jerk as he lifted the coffee cup to his lips with both hands. That, combined with the thin, uncombed hair atop his head and his large, watery eyes, gave him the look of an accident-prone toddler taking extra precautions to avoid another one. When the cup was drained, he let it clatter to the table and roll away. The paper sleeve encircling the cup (CAUTION: Contents HOT!) dropped upon impact and hung halfway off the cup as it rolled. In more of a nervous twitch than a conscious action, Mark Swope snatched the cup off of the table and got to his feet. It crumpled easily in his hand. A little bit of stray liquid flowed down his fingers and dripped to the floor as he walked over to the garbage can and dropped the cup inside. It was beginning to hurt like hell to walk, but he wasn’t ready yet. Not yet. He fumbled in his pocket for his debit card as he rejoined the line at the register.
	“Another cup, please,” he told the barista.
	From the look she gave him, he was sure that she was about to say no, no way Jose, you’ve had your share and I think it’s time for you to go. The way her eyes fluttered when she spoke, he was sure that she was going to do that very thing. The sad thing was, he was getting used to that as well. But instead, she gave him the total, he gave her the money, and then he walked back to his table on legs that were quickly ceasing to be legs at all, but thin, melting strips of rubber. Last one, he promised himself. No matter what, this was going to be the last one. 
	His fingernails were raw and chapped from chewing, but the hands themselves were as smooth and flawless as a newborn’s. Sissy hands, his stepfather called them, and you can do anything with ‘em except a little deep sea diving, if you get my drift. On both counts, Mark’s stepfather proved to be right. In less than an hour Mark Swope was going to be dead, and he was going to die a virgin. He caught the frayed edge of a nail between his teeth and carefully pulled his finger down, liking the way the nail, desperate not to be torn away, tugged at his skin as it went. Glancing around, he placed a hand under the table and wigged his fingers until the nail fell to the floor, weighted down by a generous slather of spit. They were looking at him. Mark could feel all those eyes on him, on the backpack beside him. They knew. 
	Mark set to work on the next nail. He pressed his thighs together and tried to think about the girl behind the counter. She wasn’t looking right at him, but she was in his line of sight and any number of things could lead to her looking up at just the right moment and catching his eyes, and how wonderful would that be? After a quick trip to the bathroom he could come back, place his palm on the counter and, with a confidence that existed only in his fondest daydreams, ask if maybe he could buy her a cup of coffee. 
	But there was a problem with that plan. Time was running out. In fact, time was getting very close to running out all over his legs. His body had begun its slow turn to the treacherous long ago, and this was merely the last in a series of increasingly brutal skirmishes against the spirit that called it home. The second nail was torn away, and again Mark’s fingers wiggled until it fell to the ground. Mark reached for the coffee cup, again holding it in both hands and again certain that every eye in the café was on him and was judging him, struggling against high-pitched peals of laughter at the doughy little baby waddling back and forth across their field of vision. He looked at the doors, expecting to see the bats. He’d been seeing them more and more lately. The bats that followed him home every night after work, fluttering madly around his head with their thick, leathery wings and their teeth sharp and gleaming in the moonlight. 
	He took a long sip from the coffee and set it aside. Every nerve was alive and howling. In no time at all they would be beating at the walls of his body in a desperate bid for escape. It was better to make this fast. Threading one flabby arm through the strap of his backpack, Mark scooted out of the booth. No one watched him walk away, but the entire room seemed to notice his departure and breathe a great sigh of relief. 
	Upstairs, Deep Purple’s patience had finally snapped. She set her book aside and said, “Go home.”
	“Huh?”
	“You’re drumming your fingers. Should you be on Ritalin or something? Look, you’re having trouble concentrating, and that’s cool, but you’re dragging me down with you. Kindly gather your shit and leave.”
	“You can’t kick me out,” Wade replied. “And I’m not going anywhere. You don’t like it? Move.”
	She half-turned in her chair and gestured to the tight cluster of college students behind her, doing the exact same thing the two of them were doing on this lovely spring evening: desperately trying to cram an entire semester’s worth of information into their heads in one night.
	“Yeah, well. I was here first.”
	Deep Purple stared at him a moment, sizing him up, then carefully dog-eared her place and closed her book. She laced her fingers together on top of it and stared across the table at him. Wade noticed that her earrings were held in place not with metal hooks, but by sewing thread. “Okay,” she began, patiently, as if explaining a very simple concept to a very slow child, “let’s take a minute here and reassess. You are in a library. People like to come to libraries because they’re quiet. You know, free of distractions? Well, what you’re doing right now? Humming to music you shouldn’t even be listening to and drumming your fingers on table? That is very distracting.” She raised her eyebrows at him, to ask if he understood. When he didn’t respond right away she continued, “It’s an abstract concept, I know. But some of us really are trying to get some work done here.”
	“What’s with your hair?” he asked.
	Her eyes widened in surprise. “What?”
	“Your hair. Did you cut it yourself?”
	“Yes,” she said, rolling her eyes. “I cut it myself.”
	He looked at her for a moment, considering. This was how he always defused tense situations. A rare gift, his mother called it, though his brothers and sister just called it him being a pain in the ass. The girl, whose name was Stephanie Green, had a point and he knew it, but he wasn’t exactly interested in sitting here and explaining that what he was reading may as well have been written in Klingon for all the good it was doing him. “You did a good job,” he said.	
	Stephanie stared back at him. Something was on the tip of that tongue, he thought. Something that might come out sounding harsh but would be tinged with the faintest hint of interest. “Thanks,” she said at last, and in that single word was a warmth that hadn’t been there before. Not bad, not bad at all. “Now, if you don’t mind—”
	The echo from that first gunshot was quickly drowned in a chorus of screams. Stephanie Green, twenty-two and a studio art major, stared across the table at him. Her one remaining eye blinked once. Her lips parted. A piece of her skull lay on the desk between them, a jagged point aimed directly at Wade. Accusing him. Electricity rushed through his body. The piece of skull, Wade realized with a sick horror, had a long strand of purple hair, newly tinted with a deep burgundy, still attached to it. 
	“I’m trying to…” She never finished that thought, because at that moment she fell face-first into her textbook. A crack like someone kicking an already-broken cantaloupe came went, obliterated in a flurry of gunshots. All hell broke loose then. It rained down from above in a flurry of plaster and blood.

CHAPTER TWO
The coyote watched Wade toss and turn from a distance. All things considered it was still early out, though it certainly didn’t feel that way. The coyote had been wandering alone for nearly a day now, spending the daylight hours in a cave, hiding from the sun. It wasn’t the heat that bothered him, but the wandering. His senses were sharper at night, more focused, and so while the sun shone down, he gathered his strength, planning to go out when that merciless ball of heat had disappeared to continue the search for his missing brothers.
	What the coyote hadn’t planned on was the hunger that began to gnaw at his stomach while he slept. Now, downwind of a pan of rapidly cooling baked beans, that hunger’s gnawing had become a series of violent bites and snaps so intense that the only way to appease the hunger was to suck his stomach in as he walked. He’d followed the scent for nearly half a mile, but as soon as he came within sight of it he realized he’d made a potentially fatal mistake. This wasn’t wild food, but man food. 
	He lay down on the ground, pressing his belly against it. That quieted the growling some. He could see a blue sleeping bag, could see the man inside of it. Smoke from the dying campfire was caught by the wind and carried up, up, and away. It was a toxic, nasty smell, but only a thin veneer, masking a far better, far more delicious smell. Food. Good food, at that. He scooted forward a foot or so, stopped. A low whine emanated from his throat. He could probably manage a few bites before the camper awoke and shooed him away. He was almost willing to risk it. What kept him rooted in place was the memory. A memory buried so deep that it had become instinct, of a loud crack, a cry, and one of his brothers, down, never to rise again. Noisemakers. Like thunder, but so much more deadly.  
	All the same, he remained alert, ready to bridge the gap between himself and the frying pan at a moment’s notice. There were others who liked human smells. Sooner or later the scent that led him to this spot would lead others here, too, and to the fastest would go the spoils. Not all of them were as smart as the coyote. Not all of them knew that noisemakers did more than hurt your ears. They brought the Great Sleep. The aru. 
	A hawk screeched from somewhere above. The coyote’s head rose, his ears perked up. A low growl rattled through his voice box, warning it away. Out here, there was very little for coyotes to fear, but what this coyote did fear were the sky dogs. The ones who came down from the sky, screeching, with their mouths wide and their claws out and razor sharp, eager to rend flesh. Worse, these sky dogs could run where he could not chase them, and could attack him from a thousand different angles. The coyote decided that if he had to, he would simply come racing out from the shadows, barking his head off until the man woke up. If he did have a noisemaker, then the odds were good that, in his half-waking panic, he would fire a few rounds off into the sky as he pulled himself free of his sleeping bag and ran for his car. Then, the feast would be his. But this was an old trick, and the time wasn’t right for it, not yet. Men don’t run until they’re hit with the horrible certainty that they’re out of their element and outnumbered. If he tried to use it now, he would be deep in the throes of aru before the sun came up. After that, it would be only a matter of time before he became the main course for something else. Possibly even a sky dog. 
	A few feet away, something skittered across the desert floor.
	The coyote froze. He knew that sound. Poison dog.  They crawled on many legs and their teeth were not on their faces, but at the end of a long tail that made you sick if it touched you. Lowering his head to the ground, the coyote tensed, ready to run. The night air was cool. It made every hair on his back stand on end. Another growl came and went. Stay away. Stay far, far away.
	Another skitter. This one from the left. The coyote’s heart leapt. This, he hadn’t expected. Poison dogs didn’t travel together. Not the way his kind did. Not in packs. The possibility that he might not only have company out here, but that he might also have been surrounded while he’d tried to work out the best way to get to the man food so close, yet so far away, sent a rush of humiliation through him, and in response to the humiliation he growled again, louder this time. He narrowed his eyes, straining to see. If there was an opening, he’d forget all about the man food and take it. 
	He heard another skitter, and another, and another. Yes, he realized, another shiver of terror rushing through him, he was most certainly surrounded. Something twitched to his left. Something much larger than a poison dog. His head snapped in that direction, so fast that it hurt. From just behind him, something rolled into place, cutting off his last immediate exit. His tail wanted to go down, to hide between his legs, but the coyote wouldn’t allow that final indignity. He was frightened, more frightened than he’d ever been in his entire life, but he was also an animal of many summers, a hunter. The coyote bared his teeth and growled again. He looked past whatever lay immediately before him, to the amber glow of a dying fire. He could start howling, he knew. Awaken the man, who would jump up with a start and begin firing his noisemaker into the darkness. The noises would scare the coyote’s enemy away, and the coyote could slip quietly away.
	As if hearing the coyote’s thoughts, the first rock flew up from the ground and hit the coyote in the snout with mind-blackening force.
	Pain slashed across both eyes and deep into his brain. The coyote whimpered and staggered backwards, forgetting for the moments that those mysterious skitters had also come from behind him. He tried to focus, couldn’t. He didn’t think about how or what had hit him or why. He thought only that he couldn’t see, he couldn’t see and he was alone and something out here was hitting him with rocks. Another flew up and hit him on the left hind leg. The coyote yelped and jumped into the air, tail-end first. The next one hit him in the neck. Running in circles, whimpering, crying, the coyote forced his lips up and bared his teeth, trying as hard as he could to summon a final, threatening growl from his poor, constricted throat. 
	The next rock hit him right in the voice box.
	The coyote flopped onto his side, breathing hard. This wasn’t happening. His concept of eternity non-existent, the coyote only looked out towards the human, blissfully unaware of the horror unfolding only a few dozen yards away from where he slept. He closed his eyes, trying to force the pain away from him with every exhaled breath.
	“Poor little puppy.”
	The sound of a human voice brought the coyote back to earth. His nostrils flared as he made a feeble attempt to catch the scent of this new presence, but the first rock had hit him hard and, besides, all he could smell was fire. The man was barefoot, but all the same, each footfall was like the report of a noisemaker in the coyote’s ears. He opened his eyes and tried to raise his head. The moonlight cast the man’s face in a queer, near-silver light. Across his face were a series of scars that, contrasted against the weather-beaten texture of his skin, looked like cracks set deep into the surface of the earth itself. His hair was long, almost to his shoulders, and a color that wavered between black and light brown, depending on how the light of the moon hit. As the coyote lay on his side, struggling to breathe, the man stood above, his hands on his hips, studying him. Then he sat down beside the coyote, knees drawn up, his arms hanging over them. And it was then that the coyote realized who this man was, and why he couldn’t smell him. This was Aru. The Shadow Dog. The coyote growled again, but the man only glanced at him, smiled, and went back to looking out, out towards the sleeping figure bundled up in the blue sleeping bag.
	“Hell of a thing, isn’t it pup? One minute you’re ambling along, minding your own business, and the next…” He chuckled, raised his arm. The coyote’s fur ruffled and he again emitted that low, threatening growl. Aru paused, his hand poised just a few inches above the coyote’s head, and then raised both hands in a gesture of surrender. “Fine, fine. I understand. If I were in your shoes, I’d probably feel the same way.” His smile widened, revealing a mouth full of small, white, even teeth.  “But, and no offense, but you’re not exactly in the position to be voicing objections.”
	Aru gently ran his hand over the scruff of the coyote’s neck. Instantly the air was filled with the smell of burning hair. The coyote whined and tried to crawl backwards, out from under the man’s hand, but just then Aru brought his hand down and held on tight. The smell of burning hair was quickly overcome by that of burning flesh. Within moments, the smell faded away, along with everything else. 
	What remained of the coyote was a blackened husk. The scent of its cooked flesh permeated the night air. Soon, others would come, and would fight over whatever was left behind for them. Aru took firm hold of the coyote’s hind leg, twisted, and pulled. It came away with a sickening ripping sound. Still grinning, Aru brought the cooked meat to his mouth, bit, and tore. The grin faded as he chewed. His eyes were on the campsite in the distance, on the man who slept there, warm and safe beside the dying fire. 
	He’d waited. He’d been patient to the point of near-madness. For this was a place of madness. A dry, barren landscape where every breath was a dust-choked gasp. The days blended together. Food had long ago lost its flavor. Now, he ate only to keep from falling apart. Of course, the ever-deepening lines and cracks in his face told him that he couldn’t stave off the inevitable forever, that his last payment was coming due, and very soon. He’d been here a long time. Too long. His true name long forgotten, he’d rechristened himself with the sound the coyotes made whenever they picked up his scent on the wind. Of all of the animals that populated this desert, the coyotes had always fascinated him the most. Had ever since he’d lost consciousness on one side of the Harron Door and awoke on the other. They’d encircled him immediately, saliva dripping down their sharp white teeth, leaping in front of him every time he tried to make some dramatic escape out of their ever-tightening circle. It was only when the first one leapt, and Aru, wriggling in panic’s grip, caught the animal with both arms and fell backwards, that the others backed off. What Aru held in his arms when his back hit the solid earth was not a coyote. Not anymore. The other coyotes had backed away, whining amongst themselves, confused at this new development. Aru had thrown the first aside and got to his feet, and found that running just beneath the surface of his fear was another, far more powerful emotion: anger. The others had tried to run, of course, but Aru found to his great pleasure that magic was weaker here, the elements far easier to manipulate. Within minutes, the rest of the pack lay still on the desert floor, very black and very dead. His hunger and his anger appeased for the moment, Aru began to walk. It was only when he reached the very edge of the desert that he realized there was a wall surrounding it. A wall meant for him, and only him. He would never pass it. Not without help from one of his own.
	“It’s good you finally showed up,” he whispered to the still figure, clad in blue, who dreamt his own dreams only a few dozen yards away. He took another bite from the coyote’s leg and repeated, “I’ve been waiting a long time. A long, long time.”

CHAPTER THREE
It was the sound of chewing that awoke him.
	Wade sat up. Gunshots followed him out of his dreams, clinging to his consciousness as he rose. For a moment he wasn’t quite sure where he was. The fire was long dead, but silhouetted against the darkness he could just make out a black form, hunched over something only a few feet away. He couldn’t tell exactly what it was eating, could only hear the sound of its lips smacking together and something soft and chewy being crushed into paste between its jaws.
	He froze. His heart beat a little faster and a furious rush of heat spread across his cheeks. Not a muscle, he told himself. Stay still and maybe it will go away. His eyes scanned the ground for something he could throw. A rock, a stick, anything. Maybe it would attack, but maybe the distraction would be enough to give Wade a chance to scramble to his feet and make a run for the car. So long as he could get inside and lock the doors, he would be safe. He dug his fingers into the polyester fabric of his sleeping bag, silently cursing himself for not bringing a gun out here with him. As he did, he felt something hard beneath them, and remembered the flashlight.
	No. Bad idea.
	It took a second for Wade to realize that the sound of jaws working had stopped. He saw the shadow’s head move, but still couldn’t quite tell what it was. It looked too large to be a coyote. That didn’t necessarily mean anything, however. There were plenty of animals out here that were none too hospitable to civilization folk encroaching on their territory. A desert bighorn sheep, for one. When he was a kid he’d nurtured a short-lived interest in animals, and this one in particular had stuck in his mind because he’d had dreams for nearly a week of one of these monsters chasing him through the halls of his middle school. His fingers shook as they slipped beneath the sleeping bag and wrapped themselves around the flashlight. He found the switch, stroked it with his thumb. It wasn’t much different from being five years old again, was it? Jumping at shadows. Plotting elaborate escapes. When darkness falls, we are all children again.
	The chewing sounds returned, and Wade realized that this creature was eating the remains of his dinner—air-chilled baked beans, badly cooked and partially burned. His stomach growled, an angry growl that signified annoyance at losing its rightful property, but his mind offered no objection as Wade pulled the flashlight from beneath the sleeping bag. “Hey!” he shouted as loud as he could, and turned it on.
	The shadow screamed and disappeared. Wade struggled to see past the blinding whiteness that had cut through the night. As his vision cleared he realized that the shadow hadn’t disappeared after all, but had merely fallen backwards over the makeshift fire pit and was rubbing frantically at its eyes. He saw fingers, saw blonde hair rendered almost transparent by the handheld beacon. It wasn’t a sheep after all, or even a coyote. It was a girl.
	“Jesus Christ!” she screamed. She unsteadily got to her knees, still rubbing at her eyes.
	“Shit,” he gasped. He scrambled to his feet and, half-blind and stumbling, his feet threatening to tangle together and send him sprawling to the ground, crossed the distance between them. His heart was thumping in his chest, so hard he could actually feel it slamming into his sternum. “Holy shit, I’m so sorry. Are you okay? What are you doing out here?”
	“Get that light out of my eyes!” she shouted, and slapped it out of his hand. He hadn’t even realized he was still holding it. The flashlight rolled across the ground and came to a stop a few feet away, its beam cutting a white gash through the darkness, broken only by their bodies and the fallen skillet that lay between them. “You scared the living hell out of me,” she said, more quietly this time.
	“That makes two of us. What are you doing out here?”
	“Going blind, apparently,” she replied.
	He sat off to the side, one knee drawn up and an arm draped across it, watching her. The entire desert, he realized, had gone completely silent. He’d fallen asleep to the sound of bats screeching overhead. He remembered that because he’d pulled the sleeping bag up and over his head, just in case one of them happened to swoop down too low. A dull throb made its presence felt just behind his right eye; the beginnings of a headache. Something stirred inside of him, an apparatus he thought he’d managed to shut down the moment he got into his car and started driving west. He forced his mind away from it. The flashlight remained where it lay. There didn’t seem to be much of a point in picking it up, now. And so they sat together in near-darkness.
	“I dropped the skillet,” she said, after a long silence. There was a distinct note of disappointment in her voice. Sure enough, Wade realized just then, he was kneeling in its discards. 
	“What are you doing out here?” he asked again.
	“I didn’t mean to scare you,” she replied. “It’s just…I’m hungry. I was gonna wake you up as soon as I’d had some food. I just didn’t know if you were…
	“I have to get out of here,” she said. Wade suddenly noticed how raspy her voice was, how parched. It sounded as though she hadn’t had a drop of water in days, which in this environment was about as close to a death sentence as one could get. “Can we go?” She looked around, but the movements of her head were so confused and jerky that it was as if she had no idea what she was looking for, much less where she was. “Right now? Please? Can we go?”
	“Wait a minute.” He stood on legs that felt like brittle toothpicks. “Look, I don’t know what you’re doing out here, or who you are, so let’s just wait a minute.” He bent down, picked up the flashlight. He swung it in a wide arc, briefly illuminating the dirt-encrusted aluminum of his Oldsmobile. The girl’s eyes widened at the sight. As if she’d never thought in a million years that she would ever lay eyes on a car again. “My name’s Wade,” he said. He almost stuck out his hand, but at the last second decided against it.
	The girl’s body now fully illuminated, Wade couldn’t help but gasp at the sight of her. Her clothes were filthy, shred nearly to ribbons. Her hair was long and matted, twisted together in dreadlocked clumps. She looked like the kind of girl whose idea of fine dining was the dumpster behind a McDonald’s. And yet there was something in her eyes, in the curve of her mouth, that told him no, this wasn’t her at all, that the person half-kneeling, half-lying on the ground before him wasn’t who this girl had been a week ago. She peered up at him through narrowed eyes. Something fluttered behind those eyes, a terrified bird with nowhere to fly. Then her head fell, and she directed the tears that had begun to squeeze out of her eyes towards the ground.
	“Please,” she murmured. “Please, I just want to go home.”
	“Hey,” he said. He dropped to one knee, his free hand fumbling for her shoulder. She flinched at his touch, but didn’t pull away. He spoke in a tone he hoped was soothing. “I don’t have a cell phone. I have no idea where the nearest town is, and by the looks of you I’m guessing that you don’t either. So, I’m gonna help you over to the car. I have food in there. Get some sleep…” She was shaking her head furiously from side to side, more tears falling one after the other to the ground. “Hey. Hey. In the morning, I promise, I will take you wherever you need to go.”
	“No. No. He’s still out there…”
	“Come on.” He rose, hooking his arm through the crook of her elbow as he did. After a second’s hesitation she allowed him to pull her to her feet. The flashlight lit their path, its beam throwing into sharp relief every cragged rock, every unforgiving thorn. More than once Wade thought he saw something skitter across their path, and so their journey from his camp back to the car was marked by more than a few zigs and zags. When they made it to the Oldsmobile, the girl all but collapsed against it. The sound her body made when it hit was like a wooden plank being thrown into a brick wall. He was afraid she might fall over, but she kept herself upright by sheer force of will and stared at the door as though she was not expecting it to open, not for any key in the world.
	A heavy, mechanical thunk sounded as he opened the door. He’d bought this car from a tall, skinny guy back in Vermont who’d had it parked on his front lawn for god knows how long before Wade had happened upon it. The car, though cheap (or perhaps because), had come with its own set of issues. Within six months of emptying his savings account for it, he’d had to spend a few thousand dollars more on new tires and a full transmission replacement. The one thing he hadn’t been able to repair was that damn thunk, the source of which was a locking mechanism that had seen much, much better days. 
	The girl squinted her eyes against the car’s dome light as he guided her into the driver’s seat. She shivered just a little as she settled. “Are you okay?”
	She nodded. He closed the door and walked around the car, to the passenger’s side door, feeling her eyes on him the whole way. A plastic bag (THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING) lay on the floor. He picked it up, then upended its contents into the passenger’s seat. Twix, Butterfingers, a box of Pop Tarts, a can of 7-Up and two rolls of Sweet Tarts tumbled out, one over the other. It wasn’t the most nutritious of meals, but clearly the girl didn’t give a damn one way or the other. She tore the box of Pop Tarts open, spilling its contents across the seat, and then ripped open the first package her fingers touched apart. She ate in large bites, not even bothering to swallow what was already in her mouth before tearing another chunk away. That first pack of Pop Tarts finished, she snatched up the Twix. Her lips made loud, greedy sounds as she chewed.
	“Hey, hey,” Wade said, and reached for her hand. “Slow down. You’re gonna make yourself sick.”
	She ignored him. It took ten seconds, tops, for her to finish off both Twix bars. The Butterfinger was next. Wade backed out of the car slowly, unnerved by what he was seeing. The light that, for a moment, had illuminated this tiny patch of desert went off as soon as the door closed, leaving only a single beam that bounced and wandered as Wade made his way back to his camp. The sound of jaws working, of greedy lips smacking, followed him all the way, growing smaller and smaller until, finally, it was only an auditory memory, playing on a continuous loop. Pressed against his thigh, a little uncomfortably actually, were his car keys, nestled safe inside of his front pocket. That made him feel a little better. Unless the girl knew how to hotwire a car he wasn’t going to have to worry about waking up in the morning, stranded in the middle of the desert with a harsh, unforgiving sun beaming rays of lethal radiation down upon his head. When he arrived at his sleeping bag he sat down and dug his cigarettes out of his shirt pocket. He stuck one into his mouth with one hand while he switched the flashlight off with the other. The flame from a green Bic he’d picked up at a gas station outside of Gurnee, Illinois briefly replaced the lost illumination, and then there was only the red eye of a demon, winking in the darkness. He could feel chemicals flowing down his esophagus, into his lungs, fanning out, seeking out all of the nooks and crannies inside that would make for good places to settle down, make a cozy little nest for themselves. He let them linger a moment, then blew as many as he could back out into the night air, riding a cloud of smoke that was quickly swallowed up by the darkness. To hell with cancer. Who wants to live forever, anyway?
	Stephanie Green might have. He shuddered and decided that he wasn’t going to be getting any sleep tonight after all. He wouldn’t even try.

A pair of headlights cut through the darkness. They moved fast because the man behind the wheel liked to drive fast.
	He looked at the girl in the passenger’s seat, her head resting on her shoulder and her eyes closed. Her breath came easy in that slow, lazy way that comes with only the deepest of sleeps. He smiled, reached out. His hand stopped just short of her face. No, he decided. Let her sleep a little while longer. Just a little while longer.
	Cool wind lashed at his face through the open window. This too, he liked. Nowadays it was the environmentalists telling you that driving with the windows open was bad for the planet, something about wasting gas, and that you were better off keeping your windows up and the air conditioning cranked, but as far as he was concerned, the desert was custom made for long drives and open windows. He applied a little more pressure to the accelerator. The boots he wore were heavy, adding that little extra bit of unpredictability that he liked so much. He hit something in the road, something big enough to cause the car to jump as it ran it over. In the backseat, a pair of leather shoes, imported directly from Italy and polished to a high shine, jumped as well. He laughed. Laughed at the shoes. Laughed at the wind. Laughed at it all. Donald Byron was a man who liked to feel the kiss of Mother Nature on his face every now and again.
	Night driving was for night thoughts. Out here, with the whole world at your feet, those were the only kinds of thoughts worth having. Thoughts of the beautiful girl sleeping beside him, of the open road. It was something special to be driving out in the middle of nowhere with a woman at your side, the only witnesses to your journey being the stars above, twinkling their approval and bathing you in their glow. He could only imagine how they must twinkle off of the body of his car. As if jealous that one of their own had broken free of the sky and now roamed free on the ground below.
	The car was a 1950 Ford Tudor, the only kind of boat in the world that looks more comfortable on dry land. The grille was his favorite part, the one he’d been most careful about keeping polished. It looked like a pair of puckered lips with a cherry sticking out from between them. A kiss to the world itself. It said, I love you, and I want you to love me too, so take me for a spin and let’s see what we can do. Not a destination vehicle. This was a journey carriage. You drive your family out into the country on a Sunday afternoon in this car, and you smile to yourself while the kids ohh and ahh at the horses drinking from a placid stream bisecting a wide, open field of bright green grass. A car for men who loved, and loved well.
	Beside him, the girl, Katrina was her name, stirred, mumbled something in her sleep, but didn’t wake.
	“Almost there, honey. Not much longer now.”
	In response, Katrina gave a soft moan.
	The sun would be coming up soon. He gripped the steering wheel tighter.
	“I’m bringing her,” he whispered. “I’m almost there.”
	Dawn was coming. He could see it creeping over the earth in his side mirror, but more than that, he could actually smell it. For a man pushing forty, he still had a surprisingly youthful look to him, with only the faintest of laugh lines at the corners of his mouth and a full head of blonde hair that he liked to wear combed back against his forehead. 
	“Wharl…”
	“Sssssh,” he whispered. His final destination loomed just ahead. It was the tallest peak for miles around. The place where all roads end.
	Her eyes opened slowly, dreams dripping away from them like warm honey. She looked around a moment, struggling to focus, and then her eyes widened.
	“No,” she gasped. Her voice was ragged, as though she’d forgotten how to form proper words. “No.”
	He carefully pulled the car over to the shoulder of the road. This was close enough. “Here we are,” he said, looking her over. Blood stained both wrists, stained the duct tape holding them together, from when she’d tried and failed to free herself while he stopped off for a piss along the side of the road a few hours back. That was a do-not, and it had earned her a brief sojourn in the time-out room. When he’d pulled her out of the trunk an hour later she was in a far more compliant mood. 	
	“Let me go,” she whispered. Still, that stilted talking. This was where the pleading began. This was a song and dance he’d stepped onto the floor for many times, yet the beat never got old, the rhythm never sloppy. You could still shake your feet to it. Donald smiled at her. It was a gentle, loving smile. She shrank away as he leaned forward, and her eyes filled with tears as he popped open the glove compartment and removed a long, metallic nightmare of shining steel, its serrated edges perfect for pulling apart tough meat. “Please…”
	“Oh, honey. Honey. No tears, all right?” He unbuckled his seat belt and with his free hand reached out, brushed a stray hair away from her face. The hunting knife hovered an inch above her heart. He could almost feel it straining at the leash, just dying for a taste of the hot redness that pulsed just beneath the surface of her skin. “Come on,” he said, and carefully withdrew the knife, then pushed his door open. “Let’s go for a walk.”
	He tapped out a half-remembered rhythm against his hip with the knife as he walked around to the other side of the car. He reached out with his free hand and ran his fingertips across the trunk. A real thing of beauty, this car. Men fall in love with far less. He opened the door, held out his hand. Katrina stared at it as though he had a chainsaw attached to the end, and all there was left to do was rev ‘er up and let the good times roll. Finally she reached out and took his hand in both of hers, as lovers do, and got out of the car. 
	Death was in the air tonight. You breathed it in, but it never came back out again. The knife glimmered in the moonlight. He clenched his fingers around the handle while at the same time and with mind-shuddering violence, grabbed both of her hands in one of his and squeezed. The moment hung in the air, as fragile as a snowflake, and just as quickly evaporated into a cacophony of screams. They echoed across the mountains and rocks, each of them taking the sound and reforming it into something that sounded less than human, less even than animal. She struggled against his grip, even made a few attempts to drive her foot in between his legs, but he dodged her easily and held tight, grinning all the way.
	“No! No! Please! I’m begging you—please!”
	“Hold still,” he said. “This won’t hurt a bit.”
	The knife cut through the duct tape easily. He tore the remains from around her wrist and stuffed them in his back pocket, along with the knife, and let her go. She backed away from him, rubbing her wrists as best as she could with each hand. Tears glimmered in her eyes like tiny stars. A universe in itself.
	“Wh-what…?”
	“There’s a town not far from here,” he said, pointing east. “You might wanna get moving.” He smiled then. A tender, loving smile. A sense of loss tugged at his heart as he ran his index finger down her cheek, traced the curve of her trembling lips. Through it all she just stood there, too terrified to do anything but wait and see what was going to happen next. “I won’t forget you,” he said. “I’ll never forget you.”  It was a lie, of course, a promise he couldn’t have kept even if he’d wanted to. The sheer number of those who came before and who would surely come after guaranteed it. But it sounded good, and in that moment, a part of him might have even believed it. With a sigh he turned, and walked back to the waiting Ford. 
	Katrina Forrest watched him go, her heart pounding a war rhythm in her chest. Her wrists ached. Her head ached. Everything hurt. She watched the Ford pull away from the shoulder of the road, and waited until its headlights had been swallowed up by the darkness before she started to walk. The night road stretched before her, black and endless.

CHAPTER FOUR
Wade waited until the sun had risen over the mountains before getting up and walking back to the car. The ground was strewn with cigarette butts. He’d been sitting in the same position for hours and now his joints were paying the price for it. A part of him felt a little guilty for leaving so much garbage behind in his wake, but he was eager to get moving, no time for clean-up. All night, he’d wanted nothing more than to sneak into the car while the girl slept and grab the bottle of Wild Turkey from the back seat so he’d have something a little more interesting to do than sit around and stare into the darkness. Too many shadows. Too many shadows, and far too many dark thoughts to make them dance.
	He fished his car keys out of his pocket and strung his index finger through the key ring. The girl sat on the driver’s side, her knees curled up to her chin and her face pressed into the seat. A part of him wished he’d had the presence of mind to clear some of the debris from the back seat so she could lie down. However, by the looks of her it wouldn’t have made a single bit of difference: her eyes were closed tight against the sunlight, her chest rising and falling in clear, easy rhythm. It was a shame to wake her, but without a roof over his head it would be a matter of minutes before his skin was baked a scorched, angry red. He brought his hand up and gently rapped at the window with the tip of one of his keys. She awoke with a start. “It’s me,” he said, and backed away from the car to give her a better view of him.
	She stared at him for a long moment and then, lowering her head, scooted over and into the passenger’s seat. The first thing Wade noticed upon entering the car was how damned hot it was. It reminded him of family vacations at his uncle’s place in Georgia, where heat and humidity came together in an unholy union that choked the air from your lungs while simultaneously sucking your body of any and all moisture. As he stuck the key into the ignition he realized that his seat was soaked in sweat. He glanced over at her and saw that her clothes clung tight to her body. Embarrassed, Wade switched off the ignition and, being sure to remove the keys first, got out of the car. He was acutely aware of the girl’s eyes on him as he walked around to the trunk, opened it. He rifled through the contents of his duffel bag a moment, then gathered up what he’d taken and slammed the trunk closed. He couldn’t help but notice the girl jump at the suddenness, the violence, of the sound.
	“Here,” he said, and handed her a pair of jeans and a t-shirt that would, by his estimation, be at least two sizes too large for her. “I’m gonna stand out here and have a smoke. Get changed. Anything you have in your pockets, take them out. We’re not taking those clothes with us.”
	The girl, dumbfounded, nodded and took the clothes. He reached into the backseat and removed a half-empty pack of Camels from underneath a twelve-pack of Mountain Dew. The contrast between temperatures was astounding. His one arm, still inside of the car, was experiencing a completely different kind of heat than the rest of his body. It baked, while the rest of his body fried. Letting the sun have him, he pulled his arm out of the car and turned his back to it, packing the cigarette against the back of his hand. He was just sending the first puff of smoke into the sky when the girl’s voice, low and raspy, said, “Tuesday.”
	He almost turned around, but stopped himself at the last second. “What?”
	“My name,” she replied. “It’s Tuesday.” 
	“Wade.”
	There came from inside the car a final rustling of clothes, followed by the splat of her sweat-drenched clothes hitting the ground outside. “It’s okay,” she said. “I’m decent.”
	He let the cigarette fall to the ground and stamped it out with the toe of his boot, kicked it aside. A nickel-sized burning sensation had begun on his torso. Wade knew that spot well. He ran his fingers ran over it at least a hundred times a day, awakening each time the sense memory of that stray bullet burying itself in his body. But the burning sensation…he hadn’t felt that since leaving the east coast. Under all that skin, all that muscle, was a little spot where the bullet had stopped, and the burning was spreading out from there. It was an old familiar feeling, and he didn’t like it. Not one bit. She had gotten out of the car and now stood a few feet away, her fingers curled together in front of her and her eyes cast downward. Turns out, he was right about the shirt. It rendered her body a completely androgynous form, her hips and breasts all but drowning in the fabric. The jeans were too long. She’d rolled them up at the cuffs to make up for it. Instant high waters.
	“Thank you.” Her voice was small. Timid.
	“What are you doing out here?”
	“I…I really don’t think you’d believe me.”
	“Because you see,” he continued, as if he hadn’t heard her at all, “I’ve been turning this over in my head all night. What I’ve come up with is, pretty girls don’t just end up in the middle of the desert all by themselves. So either you came out with here with a bunch of friends, did a whole lot of peyote and wandered off, or somebody brought you out here. I’m wondering if he’s still out there.”
	“I don’t know.”
	“Which part?”
	“I don’t know if he’s still out here.”
	“How long have you been wandering around?”
	A thin line of snot had begun to make its way out of her nostrils. Absently, she wiped it away with the back of her hand. Don’t you dare start crying, he silently warned. The thoughts that had been swirling around his head all night were still there, and he knew that if she started to cry then he wouldn’t have the nerve to ask a single one of them. And if any of those thoughts happened to be on the money, then that gap in knowledge had the potential to cost him dearly later. “Three days, I think. Maybe more. I’ve…I’ve heard things out here, at night, so I haven’t gotten very far from where he dropped me off. I found a cave near here, where I’ve been hiding out during the day.” She pointed him, and his eyes followed her finger to a low ridge a couple hundred yards away. The tip of her finger was pitted with small, scabbed over holes. Tuesday noticed him looking and let it fall, pulled it in close to her chest. “There’s no food out here. I’ve been breaking open cactuses and drinking the water. I read that somewhere once, that that’s what you’re supposed to do.”
	“He,” Wade said. “Who is ‘he’?”
	Tangled strands of blonde hair fell away from her eyes as she looked up, meeting his eyes. What he saw there was cold steel. “I don’t know. And I don’t care. I know his car, and that’s enough. No one had a car like that.”  She looked away, and the moment was broken. “He said there was a town nearby. Do you know it?”
	“Which way? East or west?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“Because if its east, then you would have been walking a long way. I haven’t seen a town since ten o’ clock yesterday morning.” He ran his fingers through his hair. Each strand felt like a piece of twine. The desert seemed to go on and on into forever. A part of him couldn’t imagine finding civilization on either end of this wasteland. Might as well be another dimension. Driving kept thoughts like these at bay. The idea had been to get away from town, away from civilization. Find that zero point where something would click into place and he’d come to an understanding with the universe, would gain some insight into what had happened to him and why. Something inside of him was flexing, was coming alive again. Something he’d driven out into the middle of nowhere hoping to kill, once and for all.
	I’m crazy. That’s all it is. I’m not psychic. I don’t have ESP. Just your every day, run of the mill nutcase who thinks that dead people are using him as their own personal radio station. 
	All the same, he could feel something trying to break through. Awareness didn’t kill it. It never had before. He wiped his lips with the back of his hand, his thoughts turning to the bottle of Wild Turkey in the backseat. A part of him wanted to push her aside and down the whole thing.
	“Your nose…”
	“Huh?”
	“Your nose is bleeding.” He brought his hand up again, higher this time. It came away with a bright crimson streak across his knuckles. Not only that, but a dull throb was making its presence felt behind his temples. 
	“Okay,” he said, brushing past her, towards the trunk. There was toilet paper back there. He found it, tore a strip away, balled it up and stuck it up his left nostril. “We’ll find this town, I’ll drop you off, and then I’m gone. Do you get that? You get out, and I’m gone.”
	“So long as you get me to someone who can help me track this fucker down, I don’t care if you push me out of this shit-mobile on your way past the police station.” The conversation finished, Tuesday turned away, began to circle the Oldsmobile. Occasionally she would lean in close to the window for a better look at what was inside, but for the most part she kept moving. Wade watched her with a wary eye, unsure if he should be more concerned with her or with the possibility that somewhere not far from where he now stood was someone with a long-range rifle trained directly on his back. As a species with no particular set of skills engineered exclusively for survival, mankind had learned to trust its instincts, and those instincts now told him that the stiffening in his neck and shoulders meant that danger was near. He’d never imagined that the desert could offer so many good hiding places. It was like he had never left the city. Or, perhaps, that the city had never left him. Half-hoping to obscure the imagined shooter’s line of sight, Wade walked around to the other side of the car. She saw him coming and pulled open the passenger’s side door, then climbed in. For a moment they remained fixed in place, staring at one another. That feeling of being watched wasn’t going away. Well, there was a solution to that. He nodded, walked around to the driver’s side and got in.
	“This town,” he said. “You sure about it?”
	“He told me he was a nice guy,” she replied. “I’m not sure about anything he said.”
	He stuck the key into the ignition and turned. “Fair enough,” he muttered, and started driving.

CHAPTER FIVE
Donald turned left at the sign that read MEGGAN PL.
	Everything was wet and smelled slightly musky. Leather upholstery and hours on end sitting in the driver’s seat do not an appealing aroma make. Still, he’d had his music, and that was just right and dandy with him. Music was a saving grace of the best kind, the sort of thing that invaded your head and, rather than pull something out, just kept cramming things in until all that existed was the rhythm. And if it’s right, you can dance to it, and you’ll never stop dancing because it’s just so much damn fun. Some rhythms come out of speakers, some from the soft gasps of two people in the throes of love, but only a fool would deny that all the world is music. This morning his music of choice was Judas Priest. British Steel was an especially fine record to drive home to, especially after a weekend like his. It drowned the dark thoughts swirling around his head before they’d had a chance to utter their first cries.
	His return from the desert took only a couple of hours. He’d passed dozens of cars over the course of the weekend, and all of their occupants had taken an extra second to admire the sleek, black machine that passed them by, peasants bowing their heads to the queen in their midst. If you want to travel in style, you go for that good old American steel; the kind that rides between your legs and hums just the right way. Donald wasn’t a man who understood the marvels of GPS or power steering. The whole point of leaving home was to get lost every now and then, wasn’t it? Blaze your own trail back to your doorstep and be the better man for it. And power steering, power steering…the kind of thing car companies invent for suburban housewives who are terrified of living up to the stereotype brought upon them by their inattentive, less than skilled mothers. You could dress up just about anything in this world, anything at all, so why not manufacture cheap cars in foreign countries for Americans too lazy to put a little muscle into their driving and call it the next advance in travel?
	His house was at the end of a cul de sac, a large, two-story structure painted a nice, soothing blue. Dana’s idea. Personally, the color of the house didn’t matter the slightest bit to him; the second he’d seen it, he’d known that this was the place, and he made an offer on the spot. His father might have haggled, tried to plea the price down a few thousand, but as far as Donald was concerned, it was worth every penny. He turned the radio down and reached up, clicked the garage door opener clipped onto the visor above his head. The garage door awoke, each cough and grunt as its slats folded into the roof accompanied by a low whirr. Rob Halford’s low, tinny voice strained to be heard over it, and after a moment of consideration Donald opted for putting it out of its misery. Good songs know when to roll over and die. 
	Directly ahead of the car were two shelves which ran the entire width of the garage. A vertical foot stood between each one, and set in neat, perfect little rows sat can after can of house paint, their lids crusted with drippings of their own contents, like toddlers who’d spit over their own bibs. To the left of the idling Ford sat Dana’s red Toyota Corolla, to the right his own Hyundai Santa Fe. The Ford gave a low snort, almost of contempt, as Donald turned the key in the ignition, silencing the engine. He didn’t like to use the word “killing” when referring to the Ford, not even when he was nineteen years-old. Exhaling a breath he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding, Donald leaned back in the seat, smiling to himself. It felt good to be home. After a moment of silence, he opened his door and stepped out, in the musty air of his garage. He closed it gently behind him, then opened the back seat driver’s side door, kicking off his boots as he did. His Berluti shoes still sat there, side by side, their noses pointed not at him, but at the windshield. Italian leather, not cheap by any stretch of the imagination, but if there was one thing that Donald had acquired a taste for over the years, it was for luxury. You finally ready for us? He sat in the seat with his body facing out, and slipped a shoe on each foot, lacing them up with fast, nimble movements of his fingers. The boots lay on the floor of the garage in a heap. His shoes tied, he bent over (noting, with a little wince, the sharp pain that had been flaring in his back for the last three weeks every time he moved in a way his spine didn’t like), picked them up, stood, walked around to the trunk, opened it, and set them inside. Then he closed the door, leaving them in darkness. This done, he reached into his pocket for the silver cigarette case he knew to be there, removed one, stuck it in his mouth and lit it. Smiling to himself, he ran his eyes across the garage, taking in every inch. His. This was all his. No matter how many times he saw it, he never quite believed it. Sometimes he fully expected to walk into his nice, well-kept home only to find that the walls were mere stage dressing, the expensive appliances props. It had been a long time since he was hungry, and he thanked his god every day for that.
	The hunger. That was what he couldn’t stand. Desperation eating itself. Seventeen years-old, with that desperation gnawing at him twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, his future as clear to see as though through a crystal ball, a future where his belly grew large, his hair thin, and a thick field of stubble spread across his cheeks in patches. A future of dreams discarded along his life’s highway like broken toys. When the change came, it was as much a surprise to the Byron family as it was to anyone else. It was a sudden and unexplained belch in The Way Things Should Be, a flaw in the cosmic needlework, and for the first couple of weeks after it happened the entire family walked with caution in every step, as though expecting at any moment to be confronted by a throng of reporters and cameramen standing in single-file attention on the sidewalk outside of their house, their lenses aimed at the squat, decaying structure like rifles, just waiting for somebody to yell “Fire!,” and then the repo men would come in, and when it was all over they would have even less than they had before. The Byrons weren’t supposed to have money. That’s The Way Things Were. Not even Percy Byron, that great magician who could turn a week’s paycheck into a case of booze and then make it disappear, seemed quite as willing to spend money in the weeks after. 
	Donald sneezed into his hand, a toy train’s whistle of a sneeze, easily mistaken for a cough. The smoke he’d been in the process of exhaling blew out and away from his face in a sudden burst and he sneezed again, hating that slightly chalky taste in the back of his throat that resulted. He’d caught a cold out in the desert last night, he was sure of it. Served him right for driving around with the windows down when the temperature outside was hovering just above freezing. He knew what Percy Byron would have to say about that. He’d say, “You may be smart, but you’re still my boy.” The only time men like Percy Byron can stand to criticize themselves is when there’s that juicy little bonus of tearing someone else down in the process. Donald wiped his nose against his jacket sleeve and let the cigarette fall to the floor. He almost brought his foot down on it, realized he wasn’t wearing his boots anymore and thought better of it. He picked it up, walked to the edge of the garage and pitched it into the street. Let the wind carry it off. Before turning away, he brought his finger down on the garage opener control mounted above the slight switch. 
	Thoughts of his father came back to him. Despite everything, Donald wouldn’t have any of what he had now if not for him and he knew it. That softened his feelings towards the old bastard, if only a little bit. It was an unspoken rule in the Byron household that on Saturdays, you get your ass up and out, no matter what. That was the day Donald’s grandfather came over to play cards with his father, and for a man who believed with all his heart that children, even the big ones, were better seen and never heard, that meant for eight hours a week, come rain, hail, or heat wave, this was no longer your house. Keeping himself amused during those weekly visits became easier the older Donald got, and easier still after Donald got his driver’s license and bought a 1979 Gremlin that was green in some parts, yellow in others. The clutch stuck and the transmission was shit, but it was his, and his alone. No matter what was happening at home, it could always be counted on to take him far, far away whenever he wanted it to.
	Most days he went to the library. His card, used by mother and father alike due to a vast accruement of fines on theirs, was completely worthless thanks to them, and so he would pick out a couple of books and find a nice, quiet corner in which to read. His favorites were the horror novels. The bloodier, the better.
	But on that Saturday afternoon, that Saturday when his entire life changed, Donald was driving out into the middle of the desert with a quarter ounce bag of marijuana in his front pocket.
	If you’d asked him later why he chose the desert over the library, Donald probably wouldn’t have been able to give you a satisfactory answer. He might say that the weed Ken Tyrman had sold him was just too good to sit there, not being smoked. Or he might say that he was bored with sitting around, his nose stuck firmly between the pages of a book, trying to ignore the suspicious looks he got from librarians and patrons alike. But neither explanation would be the truth. The truth was much simpler: he had no fucking idea why he decided to go out into the desert that day. It was as though something had called to him, and he’d been helpless to do anything but answer.
	All his life, Donald had dreamt of seeing a ghost. The west was supposed to be full of them. Bandits and lawmen who’d shot it out in the city streets, who’d died clutching their chests while the grim-faced victor walked over to them and kicked their gun away, just to be on the safe side. High noon, baby, and we’re gonna rock n’ roll all night. Where he might have fallen on that spectrum was anybody’s guess, himself included. Sometimes he liked the idea of being the stoic lawman, while at other times he wanted nothing more than a long, evil-looking mustache and a Colt .45 whose bullets could pierce even the thickest of badges. Right through the star, and ain’t that a bitch? His mere presence at this place, in this time, gave him a sense of ownership over the collective identity of the west. He was here, he was of this place, and therefore the west and all of its history, glory and gory alike, belonged to him. He was four and a half months away from his eighteenth birthday that day, with a cigar box under his bed stuffed with bills that were one day going to be traded in for a nice little six-shooter. Just like the cowboys.
	Far ahead loomed a tall mountain with a wide, flat top. He couldn’t see a way up, but he was sure there was one. There had to be. And he hadn’t seen any other cars in nearly twenty minutes, which meant he had at least a chance of getting a little privacy.
	Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with me…
	He winced. What was that shit doing playing on his mental radio? He began to hum to himself, a fast, aggressive rhythm that quickly washed from his mind the bad taste left behind by Tommy Shaw’s crappy songwriting. He began to drum his fingers against the steering wheel, closing his eyes with pleasure and smiling to himself. He didn’t know this song, but it had a good beat and he could slam to it. It was the kind of beat you cracked a skull open to. Last year he’d gone to see Guns n’ Roses play in Albuquerque and had clawed his way out of the mosh pit two teeth poorer and sporting a broken nose. Now that was music, not that pussy Poison or Motley Crue shit. The way he saw it, if you wanted to get laid so bad you resorted to looking like a girl, the least you could do was go whole hog and write ballads instead of trying to be hardcore. No man with a set of functioning testicles would have written “Every Rose Has Its Thorn,” that’s for sure. 
	So lost was Donald in his own little world that he didn’t see the turtle crawling across the road until he was almost on top of it.
	“Shit!” he screeched. He jerked the wheel hard to the right. The Gremlin, resourceful a creature thought it was, wasn’t quite prepared for this and for one brief, terrible moment, Donald was sure that the little car was going to flip over. He had time to think that this was just great, he was going to die over a god damned turtle, but by some minor miracle the Gremlin managed to keep all four tires on the ground. Only now he had an entirely different problem: he was going off-road.
	The first rock he hit sent the Gremlin bouncing into the air. Never one for obeying traffic safety laws, Donald’s body was unrestrained by a seatbelt and his body went straight up. He cried out when the top of his head made contact with the roof of his car. A spontaneous white haze clouded all vision and thought. When it began to clear, Donald realized that he had his foot pressed hard against the gas pedal.
	Stop, he ordered himself. Stop! Stop!
	Whatever circuits connect and distribute human thought, their wires were crossed in Donald Byron’s head. Eight white knuckles stared up at him from the steering wheel and they were howling, pleading with him to stop.
	I’m going to die, he realized with sudden, horrible clarity. Holy shit, I’m going to die.
	He narrowly missed running into a large, golden-brown hill rising from the scorched earth. Forcing himself to think, to think, damn it, Donald invested all of his mental energy into lifting his foot from the accelerator. At first it didn’t respond. As though it had a mind of its own. As if it were on a death trip and wasn’t going to stop until it was crossing over into that great beyond. But then, slowly, he was able to ease back. He brought his left foot down on the brake as hard as he could. There came a sudden, hard jerk. Donald’s ass was lifted from the seat, but only a moment. The car kept going.
	Panic rose like bile in his throat. He tried to choke it back, but the taste lingered. Thought it wasn’t a particularly hot day out, sweat had broken out all over his body. Donald was dimly aware of sitting directly on top of one of his testicles. A slight, unpleasant pain that he could just about taste was growing down there, but as much as he wanted to reach down and adjust himself, he didn’t dare tear his fingers away from the steering wheel. One problem at a time, boys, one problem at a time. A loud explosion sounded from underneath the car, and once again it bounced into the air. He’d just lost a tire. Beside him, the desert whooshed past at an impossible speed. It looked like a clip from an old movie, where you just knew that James Cagney was sitting in an unmoving car in a Hollywood studio somewhere while stunt guys tore through the city as fast as their engines could go, a camera sticking out of one window the whole time. Don’t worry, he thought, and stifled a mad giggle, they’ll fix it in post.
	He swerved, narrowly missing a cactus. The Gremlin’s rear end, still reeling from the sudden change in direction, grazed another. Donald could see it swaying back and forth in the rearview mirror, one arm raised high. Like it was waving good-bye.
	Another explosion, this time from the rear. The car lifted itself off of the ground, threatened to turn over. And then, miracle of all miracles, the Gremlin rolled to a slow, exhausted stop.
	Donald sat there for a long time. One by one, he uncurled his fingers. His hands fell into his lap and sat there, limp and useless. Everything hurt, his head especially. He was fighting for breath. Too much weed, too many cigarettes. And then he remembered the baggie in his pocket. His useless hands came to life. One shoved itself into his pocket while the other held it open. His fingers curled around the baggie. But he hadn’t done a very good job of sealing it, because as he pulled it from his pocket its contents scattered all across his thigh.
	“Shit! Shit!” he shouted. After nearly a minute of picking little shreds of pot from his jeans and between his legs, being careful to leave the seeds and stems, Donald had just enough for one bowl. He held the weed in the palm of his left hand while he popped open the glove compartment with his right. It took a second or two of digging, but at last he came away with a small red pipe. Being careful not to spill any more, he stuffed the pipe until it was full, then pulled a lighter from his pocket and touched flame to bowl. The sweet scent of burning marijuana filled the car. The tiny leaves snapped and crackled and turned black. Donald sucked on the pipe until his lungs were full, then closed his eyes and leaned his head back, letting the smoke settle. That damn Styx song had returned, was playing in his head again, but this time he let it go. Actually, at that moment, he found it soothing.
	As he blew the smoke he opened his eyes—and immediately launched into a coughing fit. Sitting not more than a hundred feet away was the most beautiful car Donald had ever seen in his life.
	He crushed the last of the burning leaves beneath his thumb and set the pipe aside, his eyes not leaving the vehicle in front of him for a second. Christ, but she was beautiful, with a long, sleek body painted a jet black that caught the sun and absorbed it, made its rays her own. The driver’s side door hung ajar, but he couldn’t see any signs of life inside. For a moment all he could do was stare. Donald Byron, for the first and only time in his life, was in love. 
	The Gremlin’s door screeched open. It was a high, rust-choked sound that made Donald wince, as though embarrassed that the other car should have to be exposed to such a noise. He approached the Ford on legs that trembled and shook with each step. Had it been abandoned out here? It was a distinct possibility. In the desert, when it comes to cars, ten years can just as easily be ten days. There was not a speck of rust to be seen on its body, but that didn’t necessarily mean anything. No, what caused a slight hesitation in his step was something far simpler than that. It was that open door. His eyes scanned the ground for tracks, or trails, or any other indication that someone had recently been out here. He saw nothing. The ground was too rough and hard.
	As he came alongside the Ford, he reached out with one hand, ran his fingers over her smooth backside. His pulse quickened. She wasn’t just beautiful…she was perfect. There was a plainness, a simplicity to her form, that only highlighted her curves. 
	You’re beautiful, he thought. You’re beautiful, and you’re mine.
	He slid into the driver’s seat. Curled his fingers around the steering wheel. They fit into each of the grooves as perfectly as if it had been designed for his hands and his alone. He squirmed a little in the seat, liking the way the upholstery squealed with delight at each movement. Oh, you…stop! It was a high, flirtatious sound. Though Donald had taken one or two trips around the block by then, they had always been lifeless, mechanical encounters. Just something to relieve a little tension. This was different. This was so much different and so much better. His smile grew when his eyes fell upon the keys, still dangling from the ignition. Waving at him. Well hello, lover. With a firm grip, he took hold and turned. The engine came to life with a roar of triumph. Blood flowed rapidly south. He shut off the engine and lay back in the seat, smiling. So she had the looks, the voice, and a need to please. All the things a man could ever want.
	He was about to turn her on again when he heard a low, scraping sound, coming from outside.
	Donald froze. It was too good to be true…of course it was too good to be true! The car had been abandoned, of that much he was certain, but that didn’t mean that some coyote hadn’t come across the Ford already and claimed it as its own personal hideaway. He craned his neck over his shoulder to look into the back seat for something, anything, he could use to defend himself. There was nothing, not even a tire iron. Whoever had owned this boat once upon a time had been fastidious about its upkeep, and the back seat, like the front, was bare of anything that would rob this beauty of her picture perfect image.
	Outside, the scraping sound drew closer.
	“Hello?” he called. The driver’s side door was still open. He glanced at it, licked his lips. Maybe if he was really quiet…
	“Hello?” he called again, and let his hand fall away from the keys. It did so reluctantly, perhaps afraid that it would never get the chance to touch them again. Keeping his eyes trained on the landscape before him, Donald carefully leaned towards the open door. He fought the urge to call out again. That had been a mistake, he now decided. He was assuming that whatever was out there was friendly, and that was a bad assumption to make. Even if it wasn’t an animal, there still existed the possibility that whatever, whoever, it was didn’t harbor a soft spot for trespassers. The scraping stopped. He swallowed hard.
	“Listen, I don’t want any trouble. My car…you know, I just had an accident, and I just…” Just what? Just what? His fingers brushed against the handle but didn’t catch. And right then, Donald made a grave mistake: he looked down.
	What stared up at him from the ground was human, but just barely. The man had to be at least sixty, and his skin was covered in boils. Thin wisps of white hair clung to his scalp. Donald could tell that even as recently as a few days ago there had been a lot more there. What was left looked like the last surviving stalks of sugar cane after some great fire had ripped through the field. Worst of all was his face. The right half of it was contorted in an expression of unrestrained terror. His eyes were wide, only one of them seemed to have trouble focusing. It rolled madly in his head, the neurons connecting movement to the brain having been severed. One half of his mouth was contorted in a desperate grimace, while the other hung slack and useless.
	Two-Face! It’s fucking Two-Face!
	A boil-covered hand rose from the ground. Reaching. Reaching for him. It seemed to pull the rest of the man’s body up as though it were connected to a hot air balloon. Donald could do nothing but sit and stare. The man’s shirt had once been white, but was now dyed an off-pink color and torn down the back, exposing more boils that oozed a red, viscous pus. 	
	His paralysis broke when the hand closed around his ankle, and pulled.
	“No!” he shrieked, and tried to pull it back into the car, back to safety. The man’s grip was strong, and Donald succeeded only in pulling him closer to the car. Sputtering gasps fell from the man’s lips. “Glrrp! Hrrrllp! Mrrf!”
	“Get offa me! Getthefuckoff!” He kicked, putting all the force in his leg behind it. The heel of his boot made contact with a sickening crack that could only be tiny bones breaking. The man’s grip loosened, but only for a second. Panic was making him squeeze harder. Heart racing, nearly blind with fear, Donald drove himself back across the front seat with a single, powerful thrust. Another crack, this one much louder, much more violent.
	“Gffffffd! Firrrd! Fiirrrrrrrd!”
	The door handle. He hadn’t let go of it. The door had crushed the man’s wrist, and his fingers splayed apart at last. Donald wriggled away, tucking his feet beneath his buttocks. Breathing hard, not even sure if this was a good idea at all, Donald released the door handle. The door fell open. The man’s hand fell too. There was a soft whhup followed by a barely-there cloud of dust when the man’s body fell back to the ground. Thin wheezes floated up to Donald’s ears.
	He sat there for a long time, not moving. The door hung open. Occasionally the man would try to say something, but the words were nonsense and quickly reverted back to pained whimpers. Hot desert air swirled around the interior of the car, turning it into a sweat lodge on wheels. Though the roof protected him from the worst of the sun’s rays, he thought he could still feel his skin cells frying. Just how long had this guy been out here? Thinking it over a moment, Donald edged an inch or two towards the door and stammered, “M-Mister…?”
	Another wheeze. There was strength behind it, but not very much. Not enough to matter. 
	“Mister? I’m really s-sorry. I didn’t mean to…” He hazarded a glance out of the rear window, and noticed for the first time a second trail of tire tracks. They were faint, almost invisible, but most certainly there. The tracks of this very car. He remembered the man’s face, how half of this body had hung completely slack. A stroke. This guy had probably been out for a nice afternoon drive when all of a sudden something exploded inside of his brain and his foot, already on the gas pedal, slammed down on the gas pedal and his car went off the road, into the desert. Desperate, afraid, he’d tried to crawl for help, only to be caught beneath the merciless rays of the desert sun. And now…
	“Mister? I’m coming out.” He untucked his legs and crept forward, leading with his feet. His stomach was tying itself into a knot. Dust particles swirled around the car’s interior and he found himself fighting the urge to sneeze.
	The man lay on his stomach. Tiny bursts of dust exploded from the ground with each heavy breath exhaled. His wrist was twisted into an impossible shape. His cheeks were stained with thin brown trails that could only have been dirt-caked tears. He looked up at Donald with an expression that hung somewhere between fear and a plea for mercy.
	“Holy…” He couldn’t finish the sentence. What lay on the ground was so pathetic, so terribly human, that a wave of self-loathing over what he’d just done washed over him. “Listen to me, mister. I’m gonna get help.” He hopped out of the car, just missing the man’s body, and crouched beside him. “I’m gonna turn you over, okay? Do you think you can handle that?”
	There was no answer. Only that stare. His expression hadn’t changed. Donald looked him over once more, mapping out in his mind just where he could place his hands that would allow the absolute minimum of direct contact with the boils and blisters spread across the man’s body. In the end, he opted for snaking his arms beneath the man’s armpits. 
	His plan was to drag him into the car and head back to town. But the man, who to this point had been relatively still despite the obvious agony, suddenly came alive. The left side of his body was still dead weight, but the right had begun to thrash and wriggle against his grip. Donald held his breath. Dear god, he could actually smell the boils. 
	“Garrrk! Heh gark! Nff!” 
	“What are you—stop!”
	The man’s head jerked from side to side, up and down. He was shaking his head, or trying to.
	“N-grf! N-N-No! No! No! NO!”
	Donald dropped him as quickly as if the man had burst into flames right in his arms. He landed on his side. The sudden burst of intelligent speech seemed to have energized him and he rolled onto his stomach, began pulling himself away from Donald with one thin, clawed hand. His fingers dug long, deep scratches into the earth. And the earth, feeling this pain, rumbled in response.
	Donald froze. So did the man. The tremor wasn’t violent, was barely noticeable, and yet Donald could sense clearly the threat behind it. It was vague, but most certainly there. He took a step back, away from the car. That low rumble returned, this time making the entire car shudder. He glanced at the Gremlin, and realized with a low horror that it remained completely still. I’m standing right on top of it, he thought. He looked over his shoulder, back at the Ford. The open door rattled against its frame as the tremors continued, as if warning him away. Leave him. That crazy old bastard wants to stay here, let him. Get to your car and start driving as fast as you can. You can always send someone back for him.
	He looked at the Gremlin, looked at the old man. He was on his side again, propped up on one elbow. The right side of his mouth was pulled up in a grimace, while the left remained slack and dead. Seeing him there, terrified and alone, Donald found himself frozen, unsure of what to do. 
	“Damn it,” he muttered, and rushed back to the man’s side. 
	That rumble again, stronger this time, and Donald was suddenly airborne. He landed on his side, inches away from the man. Their eyes met. 
	“Ha-hal-halerp meh…”
	Donald lay there with his ear to the ground, afraid to move. His palms were pressed into the dirt, ready to push the rest of his body up at a moment’s notice. His heart beat so fast he half-expected it to start drilling its way out of his chest. At some point during his biology class last year his teacher, Mr. Kendrick, had said that a hummingbird’s heart beat so fast that it was hardly a beat at all, but a long, continuous hum. That’s how Donald felt now. Only, he realized with a slow-burning horror, that hum wasn’t coming from inside of his chest at all, but from the ground beneath him. There was a rhythm there, a cadence. And it was then that he had an insane thought. The ground was actually talking to him.
	—been waiting for you a long time. So hungry…help me. I can give you everything. Everything you’ve ever wanted. I can brush all those lousy hands you’ve been dealt off the table once and for all. A royal flush. You can’t lose. You’ll never lose again…
	Wetting his lips with a tongue too dry to do the job properly, Donald ground his face into the dirt until he could feel the tiny particles digging into his pores and listened. His teachers might tell you that Donald Byron hadn’t listened to anything anyone had said to him a day in his life, but here and now, Donald listened, and listened well.
	…so hungry…
	His eyes rose to the old man. He had been laying perfectly still, the weight of his body propped up on one elbow. His head lolled from side to side, as if it was taking all of his energy just to keep it sitting on his shoulders. So hungry. It was an awful thought. A sick thought. Donald continued to stare at the old man while the desert whispered to him. He wasn’t insane. Whatever was happening here, the old man was just as aware of it as Donald was. And he knew as well as Donald did that only one of them was going to be leaving this desert alive.
	Look at him. Let’s say for a moment that you get him into the car and drive him back into town. How long will he last? A day? A week? And how much is a life like that worth? Pennies on the dollar, is what. You have the power to show mercy, or condemn him to suffering, my friend. The choice is yours.
	Slowly, jerkily, Donald rose to his feet.
	“Nfff! No! Drrck!”
	He walked back to the Ford on matchstick legs. Each step was felt deep in the knees, as if they were cogs in a machine that hadn’t tasted oil in a long, long time. What are you doing? his mind screamed at him. Are you insane? Drive into town and get help! But it was too late. Belief is a gift that only the young and the extremely lucky adult possess, and Donald believed. The car was only the first of many offerings. No, not offerings. Payments. The car would be his, and so much more. The old man was as good as dead anyway. Who would want to live their life as a vegetable, anyway? Surely life has an expiration, doesn’t it?
	He got into the car. The old man’s hand reached out, his fingers scraped against his ankle, but Donald shook it off easily and closed the door.
	“Nuh! Nuh! Nuh!” 
	Turned the key in the ignition.
	“Plrrf! Plrrf, strrp! STRRP!”
	The leather seat molded around his body, cradling him. Everything’s okay, lover. Just this one little chore, and we can be together. Forever. He smiled. Caressed the steering wheel with all ten fingers. Gripped it tightly. A second, and it would all be over. The old man’s suffering—and his own. The Ford moved easily, an experienced lover, eager to show him everything she’d learned in her long, long life. 
	“STTRRRRR—“
	The old man’s final plea was abruptly cut off. Just to be on the safe side, Donald rolled over him twice. No more screams, no last gasp. Only pure desert silence. Somewhere high above, a buzzard cawed. Thanking him, maybe. It wasn’t until later that Donald got to thinking how odd it was that they hadn’t found the old man’s burned and boiled body long before then. Maybe the entity, whatever it was, didn’t like to share. 
	After two years of buying weed from him and only him, Donald felt no real qualms about asking Ken Tyrman to stow the Ford at his junkyard. He never left the keys behind, of course, because that would be an idiot move, and his days of being an idiot were over. Instead, he removed them from the old man’s key ring and placed them on his own. They looked strange and out of place beside the keys to his Gremlin. Like a beautiful girl and her dumpy, overweight friend. After feeding his parents and the police some cock and bull story about having to hitchhike out of the desert, he had the Gremlin towed back into town. He hated looking at it, and hated even more having to drive it. The day he finally got to crush the dried-up old crone into a tiny little cube was one of the sweetest of his life.
	Three weeks before he turned eighteen, the dreams began.
	The desert’s voice had taken a form. It was a tall, man-shaped blackness that looked like it had been cut from the very fabric of reality with a pair of very sharp scissors. Hungry, it told him. He ignored the dreams at first, attributing them to stress, but the more he ignored them, the more insistent they became, until he began to have them even while wide awake. Still, Donald did nothing. He’d been trying to put what happened in the desert behind him. The Ford continued to sit in the junkyard, despite Teddy’s insistence that sooner or later Donald was going to have to find someplace else to stash it. Eventually Donald realized that he didn’t have a choice. Nothing in this world comes for free. He had a debt to work off.
	His first victim was a hitchhiker. The second was a girl he’d gone to middle school with, Amy-or-Amanda. He’d picked her up at a Citgo, after he walked out of the gas station and saw her circling the car, an admiring smile on her face as she ran her fingers over the car’s hood. When she saw who owned it her lips broke into a wide grin, exposing white, even teeth that could blind you if you happened to get too close. He’d set those lips to work while he drove, the lottery ticket in his pocket pressed into his thigh by her left hand. From there, it was a simple matter of asking her to check on a non-existent sound rattle emanating from the trunk, hitting the gas, and leaving her behind. He didn’t know what was going to happen to her. Didn’t want to know. Some things are better left to the imagination.
	The winnings from the lottery ticket weren’t much, but they were enough. At last he had a convincing back story for the Ford. The proudest moment of his life came when he first drove it into his parents’ driveway. Meet the folks, Gorgeous. His father had watched him pull up with an expression on his face of awe and envy, all rolled up into one. A year later he had a stroke. Good riddance to bad rubbish, as far as Donald was concerned. That was the year he met Dana, who almost became lucky number seven until she showed Donald just how far she was willing to go for another ride in his car. At his father’s funeral, it was Dana who held his hand and squeezed it every time someone came up to him with some sob story about what a great guy the old man was. Donald didn’t believe a word of it. Death has a way of wiping the slate clean, but that didn’t make what had been written on it before any less true. By the time Donald finished college, the lottery winnings were a distant memory. By then it didn’t matter anyway. He’d passed the bar on his first try, and six years after that he opened his own practice.
	His footsteps echoed in the close confines of the garage as he walked to the door leading into the house. Just as he was grabbing hold of the door knob, the door flew open and a pretty, smiling blonde lunged out at him.
	“You’re home!” she shouted, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him down. Donald, smiling, held his daughter close. She broke the embrace and took a step back, modeling the pale blue dress she wore. Her hair was half-curled, the other half hanging straight down in its natural flow. “What do you think? Mom helped me pick it out.”
	“Your mom’s got good taste,” he called, loud enough for Dana to hear. “Prom?” he asked, knowing full well that prom was still a good six years away. Tonight was the spring dance, the last of his daughter’s middle school career.
	“You’re a dork, Dad,” Michelle said, and gave him a playful punch on the arm. “So, 
listen, I was talking to Heather and Laurie, and we were wondering if mayyy-be you’d drive us? You know? In the Ford?”
	A dark cloud passed over Donald’s eyes. He could feel the Ford looking at him, waiting for his answer. Dana appeared around the corner, smiling. Donald smiled back at her and looked into his daughter’s eager, expectant eyes. “Sure, honey. I think we can do that.”
	“Yes!” she squealed, and again wrapped her arms around her father’s neck. “Thank you thank you!” She released him, took his hand, and led him into the house. He gave Dana a kiss on the cheek as he passed her. “How was your trip?” Michelle asked. “Did you have fun?”
	“Yeah, sweetheart,” he replied, a little relieved in spite of himself when Dana walked past him and closed the door leading into the garage. “I had lots of fun.”

CHAPTER SIX
It wasn’t a comfortable silence. Few silences ever are.
	The air smelled of exhaust and dirt. Wade caught himself about to apologize for the lack of air conditioning twice now, had managed to stop himself just in time. She didn’t seem to care one way or the other. Her eyes were narrowed and focused on the road ahead. 
	“Hey,” he said. “There’s a bottle of whiskey somewhere back there. You wanna find it for me?”
	She looked at him as though she’d forgotten he was there. Then slowly, cautiously, she unbuckled her seat belt. He could feel her eyes on him as she reached into the back seat, expecting, perhaps, a sudden swerve of the car, or his hand shooting out towards her. Wade did his best to keep his eyes on the road and nowhere else. Don’t act suspiciously and you won’t be suspicious. He couldn’t remember where he’d heard that, but it was good advice. 
	She found the bottle. Her body moved with such speed that she missed conking him upside the head with the bottle by an inch. Sunlight played just right off of the amber liquid inside. It sloshed around inside of its glass prison, a stormy sea at sunset. Tuesday held the bottle out to him, and Wade shook his head. “You first. You look like you could use it.”
	“No,” she replied, shaking her head. “You first.”
	Stupid, stupid. It made sense that she would be on her guard. Wade took the bottle from her, held it between his thighs while he drove with one hand. The other unscrewed the cap and lifted the bottle to his lips. The first golden wave tasted like fire, but the second was better. Immediately he felt that comforting fog enshrouding all thought. Two was as far as he got. Before he could make a try for a third, Tuesday grabbed the bottle from his hand, tilted her head back at the same moment the bottle’s mouth touched her lips. A harsh gasp escaped her body after the first shot. It disappeared beneath a second. After her fourth, Wade held out his hand. She handed it over, but only after helping herself to a fifth. Wade held the bottle at eye-level. “Looks like we might have to load up again soon, the rate we’re going.”
	“Should you be drinking? While you’re driving?”
	He suppressed a smile, deciding not to remind her that she’d insisted he take the first drink. “The odds of me running down a kid out here are pretty low, don’t you think?”
	Her mouth was open and she was waving a hand in front of it. “Can I have a water?”
	He nodded towards the backseat. “There’s Mountain Dew, too.”
	After a few seconds of rummaging around she came up with two cans, one in each hand. She offered one to him, but he shook his head. Right now, his head wasn’t feeling so hot. Something was unwinding inside of there, stretching out. Trying to come back to life. He knew exactly what it was. It was the same thing that had driven him out here in the first place. The same thing that not even copious amounts of alcohol had been able to kill. Tuesday popped the tab from her can and drank. Wade opted for another touch of the Beam. When her can was finished, Tuesday crushed it down the middle with one hand and tossed it over her shoulder. She caught his bemused glance and shrugged. “Well, it’s not like you’re doing brain surgery back there.”
	“Can’t argue with that.”
	They rode on in silence a few minutes. The sun had risen higher into the sky, seeming to aim its beams directly into the lone automobile foolish enough to ride right towards it. With a couple of shots in her, and after having seen Wade drink as well, Tuesday allowed herself a drink as well. Yet her eyes remained fixed on the road ahead. She asked, “What’s with the book?”
	“What about it?”
	“The pages don’t move.”
	“They’re glued together. It’s a talisman.”
	“It’s a waste of paper, is what it is. You took a book and turned it into a brick. And what about the license plates? I noticed them while you were packing up your stuff. They’re both from Maryland, but they have different numbers. Even the expiration stickers are different.”
	“They’re not mine,” he replied. It was simple. He had no idea whose they were. He’d swapped them out at a Wal-Mart parking lot in some place called Ocean City. The reasoning behind it was fairly obvious: if you don’t want to be found, you make it harder for people to find you. Keeping his own license plates on his car was a surefire guarantee that sooner or later, someone would track him down, and he wasn’t ready for that. And at a Wal-Mart on a Sunday afternoon, he’d had his pick of alternates. All he’d had to do was find two cars with near-identical numbers and swipe a plate from each one. If you lose one license plate, you assume that you hit a bump in the road somewhere and knocked it off. If you were to lose two, how-ever…well, then something is most certainly up, isn’t it? Elementary, my dear Watson. He’d had a moment of real panic when he’d caught sight of the second car’s owner exiting the Wal-Mart, a screeching toddler in tow, while he was midway through loosening the last screw on her license plate. He almost got up and ran right then, but at the last possible second the screw popped off, and he’d made his way through the labyrinth of cars, back to his, without being seen.
	She was doing something with her hands. It took Wade a moment to realize that she was rubbing her wrists, and another moment after that to notice the angry red marks that, even two days later, still looked fresh. “Dear God,” he breathed, not entirely meaning to. “Are you okay?”
	“Let’s just drive, okay?” She laced her fingers together and buried her hands between her knees. “Can we just drive?”
	“I might have something in the back. Rubbing alcohol, maybe. Something.”
	“Yeah?” she asked. There was bite in her voice, with razor-sharp teeth to match. “Rubbing alcohol, maybe? A couple of Band-Aids? Christ. You know it smells like shit in this car, don’t you?”
	“Hey, I’m just trying to help,” he snapped back. He caught himself immediately. Down, boy. “Relax.”
	“Yeah, relax. Just, you know, relax.”
	His jaw hurt. He’d been clenching it. He shifted his foot from the gas to the brakes and pulled over. The car swerved a little harder than he’d meant it to and Tuesday’s shoulder slammed into the door. She cried out. Again, that angry red mark on her wrist stared out as she wrapped her hand around her bicep. “Ow! What the fuck?” Her dreadlocked hair nearly whipped him in the face as she turned her head to look at him. Her pupils were tiny balls of burning coal in her retinas. “What’s your problem?”
	“Let’s get something straight here. I’m taking it on faith that you’re telling me the truth and not leading me into some trap that ends with me being beaten and robbed and left to die out here. You don’t wanna talk about it? Fine. In that case, I don’t wanna hear it. I said I’d drive you to town and that’s what I’m going to do. So for the sake of harmony, I propose that if you don’t want to answer my questions, or take me up on my offers to help you, you just say, ‘No, thank you,’ and we’ll leave it at that. Think we can do that?”
	Her eyes were narrowed. She asked, “How old are you?”
	“What?”
	“I just want to know. You have a young face, but you have old man’s eyes.”
	Settling back in his seat, he replied, “Thanks.” He shifted the Oldsmobile back into drive. Getting to this mythical town of hers was his one and only concern at this point. Drop her off and get out of Dodge before the cops could shift their attentions his way. He hadn’t done anything blatantly illegal, here or back home, but he’d learned in the weeks following Mark Swope’s massacre that cops, more than most people, are truly haunted. Their ghosts scream, and they cry, and they beg. That was the worst of all, the begging. The less time he had to spend around the boys in blue, the better.
	“Look, I hurt. I’m sorry. Everything’s just catching up to me all at once. I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
	“It’s fine.”
	They drove. Wade cast the occasional glance her way, caught her still rubbing her wrists. The truth was, he had no idea if there was any rubbing alcohol in his car. In a pinch, the Wild Turkey would do the trick. He was going to make the suggestion himself when Tuesday unscrewed the cap, filled it with whiskey, and let it fall on her wrist. Immediately her eyes slammed shut and a sharp hiss squeezed out from between clenched teeth. “Sssssssssssss.”
	“What are you doing?” he asked. Wade pulled the car over a second time. He unbuckled his seat belt and lifted the bottle by the neck from between her knees. There was an old t-shirt lying crumpled in a corner of the back seat, a large hole near the collar. Wade felt around for it, found it, tore a strip away and held the fabric against the bottle’s open mouth, upturned it. “Give me your wrist.” She did, but hesitantly. Her fingers were brittle and dry. His grip light, he held her hand in place and began to dab at her wrist. She winced with every contact, and he winced with her. The skin was chapped and broken in some places. Most of that was exposure, he imagined.
	“Duct tape,” she whispered. Her eyes were fixed at some point between the gear shift and Wade’s knees. He went over her wrist twice, making sure it was well-soaked in alcohol, then gently set it aside. When he held his hand out for the other, she gave it to him without comment. “That’s what he used.”
	“Who was he? A boyfriend?”
	Another wince as the alcohol made contact with her skin. A little part of him was sad to be using it this way; the least he could have done was look for the damn rubbing alcohol. All that little part of him could think about was how wasteful it was to be using it to salve wounds, rather than to be getting shitfaced. Nice, he thought. That was real nice. If got desperate, maybe he could just wring a few drops out of the shirt. He frowned, trying to focus on his hands and what they were doing. “Hurt?” he asked.
	“A little. Not too bad.”
	Once both wrists were completely coated in a thin layer of whiskey, Wade balled the soaked fabric up in one fist and tossed it out the window, then returned the cap to the bottle. Tuesday took her hands back carefully, as though she expected them to shatter like fragile pieces of glass at the first wrong move. She lay them in her lap and let them sit. Wade, trying not to stare, tightened the cap on the bottle and placed it on the back seat. “Sorry,” he said. “I don’t think I have any bandages. If you want, we can try tearing off a couple more strips and using those.”
	“No,” she replied, a little too quickly. “No,” she repeated. “Thanks. It feels better.”

Another hour passed before they began to see signs of civilization. The first was a clapboard general store that looked like it hadn’t felt the touch of water since the dust bowl days. Wade almost stopped, but there was something off about it. The sight put all of his senses on red alert. A large wooden Indian stood sentinel out front, its war paint three bright red smears on each cheek that were in stark contrast against its otherwise worn body. An ancient truck of no discernible make or model sat in the parking lot. Its once-green paint had now faded to a sickly, vomit color. An old man was leaning against the support post nearest the Indian, and he gave a friendly wave as they approached. Realizing that this wasn’t his decision to make, he gave Tuesday a questioning glance. She shook her head in reply, and they kept going. He didn’t blame her. There was something about this store that made him afraid to stop. An old Chevrolet was coming from the other direction, its left blinker on, and Wade slowed to let it pass. Wade noted three men inside, all Indians. The one in the passenger seat raised his hand to him as the car turned into the lot. 
	“Hey,” she said, leaning towards him. “Are you okay? You look like you’re going to be sick.”
	“Fine,” he replied. He kept his eyes forward. Something was going to happen there, and when it did he wanted to be as far away from it as possible.
	About six miles on, the engine gave a loud clunk, and then a shudder. The car first slowed, then rolled to a stop. Wade tried his best to steer it onto the shoulder of the road. He only made it about halfway. A second was all it took for a thousand awful scenarios to run through his head, each one worse than the last. The car dies, the road stays empty, and eventually, out of desperation, the two of them decide to take their chances at the old general store with the too-friendly proprietor, who might just decide that robbery and murder weren’t such great stretches after all, not when times were desperate. But then his eyes fell on the gas gauge, and he realized with a short, aren’t-I-ridiculous? laugh that the needle hung just below empty. 
	“Okay,” he said, “that’s a little better.”
	“When’s the last time you filled up?”
	“A Texaco just outside of El Paso. I’m kind of surprised she’s lasted as long as she has. Halfway across the state and still going strong.”
	“Yeah, your car’s a real champion. So what now?”
	“Now,” he began, and reached forward to pull the trunk release lever, “I give her just enough juice to get her to the next gas station. I don’t think it’ll take much. We should be relatively close to a town. Or at least a truck stop or something.”
	“So you hope,” she said, and got out of the car. He followed. His gaze lingered on her body for just a moment as she raised her arms over her head and stretched. By the looks of her she had genetics, not Jillian Michaels, on her side. He shook his head as though to clear it. None of that. He walked around to the trunk, rooted around until he found the gas can. Christ, but there was a lot of junk back here. A strange sense of vertigo crept over him as he realized that he didn’t even remember buying half of this stuff. As a kid his mother had always been on his case about keeping his bedroom clean. By the looks of his trunk, things hadn’t changed all that much. His bedroom was mobile now, that’s all.
	He found a couple of bottled waters underneath his duffel bag. He tossed one to Tuesday and tucked the other under his arm while he emptied the contents of the red gas can into the Oldsmobile. He ran the calculations through in his head. Twenty miles city, twenty-seven highway. There should have been a gallon in the gas can, but it felt a little lighter than he’d expected and now he wasn’t sure if he’d filled it up all the way. All told he’d spent nearly forty dollars on gas at his last refueling stop.
	“No offense, but I can see why the government tested all those bombs out here,” she said, and took a long drink from her water. “They were probably telling all the idiots who’d bought land out here that they’d be better off someplace else. Nobody should live in this place.”
	“Nobody lives here already,” he replied.
	“You know what I mean. It’s hot. You can’t grow anything.”
	“You know what I’ve noticed?”
	“What?”
	“Whenever someone says something they know is going to be offensive, they always start out by saying ‘no offense’.”
	She smiled—the first real smile she’d given him since they’d met—and replied, “You’re kind of a smart mouth, aren’t you? My grandmother warned me about guys like you. She said arguments with smart mouths never end because they always have to have the last word, and it’s always going to piss you off just a little more.”
	“A wise woman, your grandmother.” He emptied the last of the gasoline into the tank, removed the nozzle and screwed the cap back on. “Mine always told me to wash behind my ears or I’d turn into a plant.”
	“A plant?”
	He nodded. “Fungus. Spores. Plant. She was a gardener; everything she said had something to do with plants.”
	“Do you garden?”
	“Nope. I inherited the black thumb from my father. I come within two feet of a plant and it commits suicide.” He tossed the empty gas can into the trunk and slammed it closed. Taking his time, Wade walked around the car. The bottle of water was open and he took regular sips from it as he settled into the driver’s seat. When it was finished, he tossed it into the back seat and turned the keys in the ignition. Tuesday was already seated, her seat belt fastened. She raised her eyebrows at him when the car didn’t start right away. He smiled at her and said, “Gotta give it a second. She’s an old car. Her get-up-and-go isn’t what it used to be.”
	“How long have you had this thing?”
	“It’s been a little while,” he replied, and gave the dashboard an affectionate pat. “She made it across the country in one piece. She’s old, but she’s still got a lot of life left in her. Light a fire under her, I’ll bet she could outrun the devil himself.”
	She shuddered at his words. “Let’s hope you never have to find out.”
	He glanced at her, then back out at the road. He gave the engine a couple more seconds, and then reached up and turned the key in the ignition again. The Oldsmobile coughed, sputtered, and Wade let it sit a few seconds more before trying again. This time the engine roared. He smiled at Tuesday, and pulled off the shoulder of the road. She was looking out the window. Whatever moment they might have had, it was past now. Probably for the better.
	A funny thing happened to Wade Kanaan then. He wasn’t sure that he actually saw it, even a few minutes later. But in the second before pulling his Oldsmobile away from the highway’s shoulder he thought he saw a man reflected in his side mirror. The highway curved away from the words OBJECTS IN THE MIRROR ARE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR stenciled at the mirror’s base, and the man was walking towards them, walking on top of these words. His arms swung at his sides, his legs moving with purpose. There came a sharp stab of pain in Wade’s frontal lobe, and he winced, closing his eyes against it. When he looked into the side mirror again, there was nothing there. The man was gone.
	Let’s just get this over with, he thought, shaking his head, and began to drive.

CHAPTER SEVEN
They found a truck stop about twelve miles down the road. A line of gas pumps sat out front; four in all. He had a momentary sense of déjà vu as he realized the similarities between this truck stop and the one in Lincoln, where he’d met Ron. Maybe they had franchises too, he thought—no one any different from the other. An eighteen-wheeler was parked at the end of the lot. Around the back, just out of view, Wade could see a Harley-Davidson poking its rear tire out at the rest of the lot.
	“You hungry?” 
	Tuesday sat with her head propped up against the half-open window, her eyes closed. Seeing her like that, he felt a surge of pity for her. She looked, in a word, like shit. One or two dreadlocked clumps of hair had come apart. They hung from her face in stiff, lethal-looking arrows that brought to mind all the years he’d spent in Catholic school, meditating on the sufferings of the saints. As gently as he could, he reached out and shook her awake.
	“What is it?” she asked, with a start.
	“I need to fill up,” he replied. “It’d probably be a good idea if we did likewise. Are you hungry?”
	She held her eyes steady on him for a moment, and then abruptly turned her attention to her hands. She shook her head. “I don’t have any cash.”
	“Yeah, well,” he replied, summoning a smile to his lips that he barely felt, “I wasn’t suggesting we go Dutch. Come on.” He started to open the door, stopped when he realized that she was making no move to get out. Following her gaze, Wade realized why. Turns out, he’d made a mistake. She wasn’t looking at her hands. She was looking at her wrists. As he watched, a single tear rolled down her cheek. It hung at the precipice of her chin a moment, clinging for dear life, and then fell. He couldn’t help but wince when it landed on one of those red circlets. So it was the marks. He understood. Even those marks that no one can see have a tendency to catch the eye. To draw it in. And that invites all sorts of unwanted attention. He pulled on the door release handle and got out of the car. This time, he didn’t feel Tuesday’s eyes on him as he walked. For now, the only thing in the world that existed to her were those marks, sunburned and raw. And even after they’d faded, they would still be there. She would wake in the night fifty years later and there they’d be, grinning up at her and asking if she’d really thought it was going to be that easy to forget them.
	He used the keys to open the trunk this time. The duffel bag’s open mouth gaped up at him, and he stuck his hand inside. He came out with a thin blue shirt with long sleeves. This was going to be way too big for her but he suspected that right now, big was good.
	“Here,” he said, keeping his voice soft, and handed it through the open window to her. Wordlessly, she took it, and Wade nodded, began walking around to the pump. He made it only a few feet before Tuesday called him back. She held the shirt crumpled between both hands, as if trying to strange the life out of it before she dared put it on. She asked, “Why are you doing all of this?”
	He didn’t answer. Not right away. There were a million good reasons why, basic human decency being the most obvious of them all. But there was something else, too. An under-standing between them, unspoken and unacknowledged but no less powerful. Because maybe, in a world where the weak are told to accept their lot as victims and get on with their lives, the most important thing was a little bit of kindness every now and again. Because maybe actions really do speak louder than words. Sometimes, they do all the talking.
	“You might have to roll up the sleeves a little,” he told her instead, “but so long as you keep them over your wrists, you should be okay. I’m gonna fill up. If you wanna do me a favor, you can pop the glove compartment and pull a little cash out of there. Between gas and food we’re looking at a good sixty bucks, I think. Go on in, order some food. I’ll be right behind you.”
	That said, he returned to the gas pump. A minute later Tuesday stepped out of the car. To his surprise, the shirt fit her better than he’d expected. Rather than drowning in it, it seemed to conform just right to the slopes of her shoulders. Still, the sleeves were rolled up a few inches, and her hands hung out of them as if attached to string rather than to flesh and bone. He kept his attention on her until she was inside, filled the tank until he could fill it no more, then carefully returned the nozzle to the pump. A couple stray drops fell around his feet. Just then he felt the gentle stab of a nicotine craving, his first of the day. He got into the car, started the engine. He saw Tuesday, who had taken a seat next to the window facing the parking lot, look up, her face contorted with alarm. Wade raised a reassuring hand to her as he pulled into an open space just in front of the diner. He couldn’t remember if New Mexico was one of those states with an indoor smoking ban. These were the kinds of occasions where an iPhone might have come in handy, he reflected as he killed the engine. He lit a Camel, inhaled until his lungs were full, then slowly exhaled. One hand remained on the wheel, kneading it. He took another puff.
	Looking awfully suspicious there, partner. Sitting in a car, staring at the pretty, bruised-up girl in the booth. Someone’s liable to call the cops.
	So what? his mind retorted. Let them call the cops. That would take care of one problem. Tuesday could tell them her story, taking the whole thing out of his hands, and he could continue on. Maybe then, that gentle prickling he’d been feeling at the base of his neck ever since he’d picked her up would finally stop. He’d slowed down, given the signal a chance to catch up. For over a year, he’d come to expect that every person he exchanged two words with would come equipped with a chorus of disembodied voices that would first whisper, then shout, and finally, scream. While lying in the hospital bed, back in Vermont, tubes snaking from his arms to machines monitoring every heartbeat, every breath, he’d hear the voices of the living and the voices of the dead, speaking as one but never in rhythm. For a long time he attributed it to the drugs, but then he’d come home, and they’d kept right on, day and night, night and day. He’d absorbed stories that had threatened to drive him insane, had nearly succeeded actually, until finally he’d realized that the only option left to him now was to run, and to run far. He’d had a good week and a half there, but now it was all coming back to him. And yet to his surprise, there had been nothing from Tuesday. Not silence; silence would have been a blessing. It was the gentle hum of dead air, trying to tune into the right frequency. It was as if she was some of a psychic dead zone.
	He didn’t trust her, he thought, taking another drag from the cigarette. Even after seeing the marks around her wrists and hearing her story, he didn’t trust her. On second thought, maybe he didn’t want that cigarette after all. He found a near-empty bottle of water, unscrewed the cap, and deposited the smoldering butt inside. It went out with a low, angry hiss. Still, he remained in the car, staring at the diner. And the diner, with its wide, soulless eyes, stared right back. People moved around inside like rays of light reflected in a cornea. He could imagine the bricks cracking as the metal frames at the base of the windows curved up into a cruel smile. Come on in. Have a coffee.
	He got out of the car. He paused for a moment, one hand resting on the hood, then slammed the door and began to walk.
	Contrasted against the overbearing heat outside, stepping into the diner was like stepping into a walk-in freezer. The air conditioner was working overtime; its rattle was harsh and exhausted, a runner moving on pure adrenaline. He’d braced himself before stepping inside, and was relieved now to find that there was nothing here. No voices that shouldn’t be there, tuning in and out. The diner was classic all-American: George Thorogood on a small black radio, well-fed men hunched over cups of coffee clenched between two hands, their eyes either on the newspapers spread out before them or on their food. No one was talking, and that was quite all right with him. And god, the food. Just the smell alone was enough to awaken the sleeping giant inside of his belly and make it growl. As he walked over to the booth where Tuesday sat he couldn’t help but feel as though he’d walked onto a movie set. One hard glance to the right and there the director would be, beret hanging off of his head and megaphone clutched in one beefy red hand, just waiting for someone to flub a line so he could yell, “Cut!”
	Every eye in the diner was on him as he made his way over to Tuesday’s booth. No one was looking at him directly, but he could feel their eyes edging cautiously over newspapers and plates of food, taking every inch of him in. He didn’t blame them. His dark brown hair was tousled and unwashed, four days removed from its last shower. His clothes hung off of him a little too noticeably; they swished against his body as he walked. It had been three days since he’d last set foot in the civilized world, and his return was greeted with every inch the suspicion he’d expected it to be. He slid into the seat across from Tuesday and picked up the menu, reminding himself to keep his back straight, his chin up. Act like you belong and you will.
	“Staring pretty hard at the joint out there,” she remarked, peering up over the top of her menu at him.
	“Just thinking.”
	“About what?”
	“Nothing. Just thinking.”
	“Coffee?”
	A waitress with tired eyes stood over them, a pot of coffee in one hand while the other held court on her hip. She looked like the kind of woman who called her regulars “hon.”
	“Please.” He turned the cup in front of him right side up. The aroma was enough to make him swoon. Had he actually come so close to forgetting what coffee smelled like? A week ago he’d have laughed at the idea. My, Dorothy, how things change. Tuesday waved off the waitress’s offer of coffee, opting instead for small, birdlike sips from the complimentary glass of water that comes part and parcel with every visit. He folded his menu and handed it to the waitress, telling her as he did that he’d have scrambled eggs and bacon, extra crispy. Tuesday ordered a plate of pancakes.
	“We must really look like crap,” she said as the waitress walked away, a little too quickly.
	“I’m kind of afraid to look in the mirror.” A dry, sarcastic laugh left his lips. “It’d probably cough dust right back into my face.”
	“I can’t say I’d hate a shower at this point. I’m guessing the cops would probably be able to hook me up with something, right?”
	Wade took a sip from his coffee. Bitter as hell. He plucked a couple of creamers out of a bowl set beside the other condiments and emptied them all into his cup. “I’d think so. If you’re not local, they’ll probably put you up in a motel somewhere. He tore open a packet of Sweet n’ Low, emptied that into the coffee as well. The swirling caramel-colored liquid was in danger of overflowing, so he bought his lips to the cup’s mouth and slurped a little off the top. Better. “Are you local?”
	She picked up the empty creamer cups and began to pull at the wrappers. She would leave just a little bit of them hanging, then set them aside. There were three in all. “Not even a little,” she replied, and took a fourth from the bowl. He watched, fascinated, as she peeled the wrapper almost all of the way off, brought the tiny plastic cup to her lips, then threw her head back, downing its contents. “What are you doing?” he asked.
	She stacked the cups up one on top of the other, then began turning them this way and that. When she’d achieved the desired result, she plucked her creation up between two fingers and angled it so that he was peering directly into its mouth. Only it wasn’t a mouth. He was staring into the center of a flower. The foil petals were perfectly aligned. He caught a faint smile along her lips, but it was gone as quickly as he’d seen it. She set it aside. “This place is pretty decent,” she said. She’d turned her head away from the him and was now examining the framed photographs of celebrities who’d supposedly visited this out of the way diner and had just so happened to have a signed, studio-grade eight-by-ten along with them. About twelve feet away and eight feet above, Clark Gable smiled that special stardust smile of his, right down at Wade. There’s gold in those shoes, kid. I can tell from here.
	“Neat trick,” he said.
	“You screw around with it long enough, anything can be art.”
	“Picasso?”
	She smiled. “Take your pick. If it sounds pretentious, an artist probably said it.”
	“So what, did you study art or something?”
	The mood, momentarily lightened, turned tense quickly. It had been an unspoken rule since picking her up that he was not to ask any questions about her, and every time he’d forgotten that rule she’d gently redirected him away from the topic. Out in the parking lot, staring through the diner windows at her, he thought he’d seen something sparking inside of her. A fire rekindling itself. Maybe it was the presence of other people, reminding her that she was still alive and that, for the moment, she was safe. The flames twitched, threatened to go out. “You ask a lot of questions.”
	“I’m curious.”
	“No,” she replied, shaking her head. “Curious people don’t ask. They hold the questions and wait for an answer. You…you just keep asking.”
	“And what does that mean?”
	She shrugged and took a sip from her water. “Why don’t you tell me? You’re the one driving around in the desert with a book super-glued to your dashboard.”
	That familiar tingling in the back of his throat. Old lady Nicotine, wanting another go. Directing his eyes downward, he swallowed it back, then reached up for his cup of coffee. Wade lifted the cup to his lips and downed half of its contents in one long swallow. 
	“Geez, slow down there,” she said. 
	“So, this town? I’m guessing it’s somewhere nearby. I mean, these people had to have come from someplace, right?”
	“One would think.”
	“You nervous?”
	“About what?”
	“Talking to the police.”
	“Should I be?”
	“I don’t know. Because of what happened to you.”
	“What happened to me is over,” she replied. “I’m going to tell them everything. And when they find him, I’m going to look him right in the eye and tell him how lucky he is that I didn’t get to him first.”
	Wade remained silent at that. He understood that feeling. Very well.
	“We look insane, you know. The two of us. I got a good look at myself in the window as I walking up. And now here we are, barely talking. I’m starting to think we won’t even have to bother looking for this next town. Somebody at this diner is going to decide you’ve kidnapped me and call the cops.”
	“What are we supposed to be talking about?”
	“I don’t know. Sports? The weather?” She snorted, shook her head. “I can’t believe how superficial all of that seems now. All that time I’ve spent, talking without having anything to say. The only thing to say about the weather is that it’s hot, and I could care less about sports.”
	“I played baseball in high school,” he offered, taking another sip of his coffee. Almost gone. He glanced up, found the waitress. She was standing near the radio, and she was staring right back at him. The expression on her face was hard to read. Wade broke contact and said, “Outfield. I wasn’t too bad at it, either. Our team went to state my senior year. We got shut out during the last game, came home empty-handed. Not that it made a whole lot of difference. My town was more a football town anyway. Baseball was sort of like finding a documentary on TV when there’s nothing better on.”
	“I’m sure there are a lot of people out there who’d have some choice words about that one. Me included.”
	“You like documentaries?”
	Her eyebrows rose, a bemused smile crossing her face. It pushed the tip of her nose up just a little bit. “Don’t look so surprised there, Wade.”
	“What kind of documentaries do you like?”
	“History stuff. I have a weird thing for assassinations. When I was in middle school I spent a whole year going all Nancy Drew on JFK, only since I didn’t know anyone who was involved, or really even interested, I started to put together this weird scrapbook with all the information I could get from library books.” She smiled. “Then I got into heavy metal and decided to let Kennedy stay dead.”
	“So who do you think did it?”
	“Who cares? It’s like Jack the Ripper. Somebody could come up with concrete proof that Oswald did it tomorrow and nobody would accept it. It’s like people wanna know, but they don’t wanna know.”
	The waitress returned to the table, her hands folded in front of her. “I’m sorry,” she said, “but we’ve stopped serving breakfast for the day.”
	“Oh,” Wade said, looking up at her. George Thorogood having said his piece, the radio had relinquished the air to REO Speedwagon. There was something in her eyes that he didn’t like. They kept moving around, as though trying to look at everything and anything except the two people right in front of her. “That’s okay. Cheeseburgers, then?”
	Her hands unfolded. The waitress reached into her apron pocket for her pad and pen. Her grip wasn’t good, and the pen fell to the floor. Wade reached down for it just as she did. For a moment, their faces were only inches apart. 
	“If you know what’s good for you,” she whispered, her voice small and raspy, “you’re going to get in that car and drive away. Right now.”
	Before he could reply, the waitress had straightened. The pad clutched in one hand, the pen in the other, she said, “I’m sorry, but the kitchen’s closed. I’m going to have to ask you both to leave now.” Then she turned and walked back towards the counter. Some of the other patrons had been watching the interaction between her and Wade, and as she passed their eyes fell back to their respective tables. Wade looked across the table to Tuesday, whose eyes were fixed on the waitress’s retreated backside. “What the hell was that about?” she asked.
	“I don’t know.”
	And he didn’t. The most obvious explanation was that they were both just too filthy to be served in a proper dining establishment, only that wasn’t it. He’d sensed something in here the moment he’d gotten out of the car. There was a weight in the room, a weight that had begun to steadily exert more and more pressure on his skull with each passing minute. The two of them sat there, feeling out the atmosphere. And he realized that for the last ten minutes or so, the hairs on the back of his neck had been standing at attention, as straight and erect as soldiers on review.
	“Tuesday?”
	“Yeah.”
	They rose together. No heads turned to follow their progress towards the door. In fact, the diner’s inhabitants seemed almost morbidly fixated on their food and their newspapers. The man sitting nearest to the cash register was staring into his cup of coffee as though expecting that at any minute it was going to start talking to him. The waitress was pointedly fiddling with the black radio’s frequency knob. The occasional burst of music fought its way through the static, but Wade could tell that she wasn’t looking for a station. What he was looking at were a group of actors at a loss of what to do with themselves, their scene having run a little longer than they’d expected. 
	And just like that, the atmosphere changed.
	“Fuck it. You stay right where you are, cabrone.”
	They stopped together. The waitress was shrinking against the counter, maybe hoping its molecules would find a little extra room between them for her to hide in. Six men had come out of the kitchen. Two were holding guns, one aimed at Tuesday, the other at Wade. The leader was impossibly tall, standing a full head over Wade. His hair was tied in a long braid, and so black that it almost disappeared into the leather jacket he wore. Tattoos began at his wrists and wound all the way up his arms, a mass of vines growing out of skin as hard as stone. His friends were equally tatted up, only there was too much anarchy in their placement and design. They looked like happy accidents. The leader’s tattoos were those of a man who was all business.
	“King,” he said, “kill the music. I hate that rock n’ roll shit.”
	A man standing beside him picked up the radio and, with a grin meant for the waitress and the waitress alone, brought it down on the counter as hard as he could.
	Wade’s head exploded. At least, that’s what it felt like. The rush of sound came all at once, so loud and violent that Wade’s knees first tightened and then buckled beneath him. He caught the silver bar set into the glass door before he fell, saving himself at the last moment. Dozens of voices, piled up one on top of the other, competing for just a second of his attention. Wade gasped, struggled to regain his equilibrium. Just over his shoulder, he heard the sound of a gun being cocked. Unsure if he could maintain his balance, Wade let go of the bar and took a step back, realizing that, to the men with the guns, it had looked like he was trying to make a break for it. And wouldn’t that be the stuff of heroes? Make a dash, leave the girl. Still breathing hard, Wade turned around.
	“You,” said the leader. “Little brown boy. You take your girl by the hand and walk her right back to that booth. You gonna put your hands on the table and you ain’t gonna move them until me one or one of my boys comes by and says you can. You got that?”
	Operating on autopilot, Wade took Tuesday by the hand and led her back to the booth, fighting all the way to regain some kind of control over what was happening inside of his head. He directed all of his mental energy to Tuesday, who had slid back into the seat she’d just vacated and now stared down at her hands, placed flat down on the table. Her lips were compressed into a thin, hard line. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure out her thoughts. She had survived two days in a burnt umber nightmare only to be threatened by men with guns the second she stepped back into civilization. It almost made you want to stay away forever.
	“All right, ladies and gentlemen, we’re back on schedule now. So here’s how shit’s gonna go down: all the money in your pockets, all the money in your wallets. You got any jewelry, and yes, I’m talking about wedding rings too, you take ‘em off right now and set them on your tables. Your waitress is gonna be coming by to clear those up for you.” He nodded to one of his friends, a man only an inch shorter with a tattoo of Itchy the Mouse on his right bicep. Because that’s who he is, shouted one of the voices. Wade winced at the force of it, shook his head. Tuesday looked up at him, frowning. Digging his teeth into his lower lip, Wade kept his eyes on the table.
	“Mamacita,” shouted the leader. “Get it in gear.  Start hustlin’ that ass for my cash.”
	His friends laughed at that, but a single glance from him shut them down immediately. This wasn’t pleasure for him; it was a business transaction. Itchy pushed a green canvas bag into the waitress’s hands and, almost tenderly, led her out from behind the counter. Her face had turned a dusky shade of gray, and she kept looking down at the bag in her hands as though it were a shirt freshly torn from the body of a dead child.
	Four of them followed her around the diner as patrons dropped their wallets into her bag. Nearly all of them cast dirty looks at these unwelcome guests as soon as they’d passed. The voices in Wade’s head had begun to quiet down, and he now dared to raise his eyes, all of the pieces falling into place as he did. The Harley out back. He’d gotten a bad feeling off of that, and now he understood why. He looked across the table at Tuesday, whose eyes were following the waitress’s every movement. They were blank, expressionless, but he could tell by the hard line of her mouth that the use of this woman as an unwilling accomplice in an armed robbery had crossed a line for her. He found her eyes with his own, locked on. People find themselves in situations like these all the time, and each time there’s someone with heroic delusions who goes and does something that gets people killed. Now was not the time for heroics. There had been only one Mark Swope, and he’d managed to do just fine for himself in the damage department. There were six of these guys, and unlike Mark, they had done this before.
	He mouthed, No.
	The gang had fanned out; two managing one side of the diner, two managing the other, while Itchy followed closely after the waitress. The leader stood beside the cash register, its mouth open and empty, and watched. Wade could see him out of the corner of his eye. The voices quiet, he tried to focus all of his psychic energy on him, to see if he could pick up something. For his efforts, he was rewarded with only silence. 
	“All right, Taliban. Empty ‘em out.”
	Itchy stood over him, his arms tensed, ready to put them to use if Wade decided to give him trouble. Beside him stood the waitress, whose lips were moving in a silent prayer.
	“I don’t have anything,” he replied.
	“Yeah? What was you planning to pay with? Food stamps?”
	“I…” He looked into the waitress’s eyes, wet and dull, and said, “I was planning to work it off in the kitchen.”

	“The kitchen?” Itchy laughed a loud, ugly laugh. “Hey guys! Check out this kid over here! Fool takes his girl out and wants to work off the bill in the kitchen!” The others laughed, all except for the leader, and Itchy turned his attention back to Wade. “Ain’t no way to get a girl in bed, kid. No bitch wants to ride a man who can’t pay her for it.” And then, to Tuesday: “Maybe you’d like to leave here with a man who knows how to work for his money.”
	Tuesday looked up at him, her eyes narrowed, and replied, “Let me know when he shows up.” Despite the beginnings of a very real terror felt in the tips of his fingers and toes, Wade had to smile. It was the kind of comment that gets people killed, he knew, but he couldn’t help but get a little charge out of seeing Itchy’s smile fade into an expression of uncertainty, and then morph into an amused sort of anger. “You got spunk, girl. I like you. Maybe you wanna come and party with me and my friends, huh?”
	From the table came the sound of a low, metallic squeak. Wade barely heard it. The sound drew his eyes down to Tuesday’s hands, and he saw to his horror that she had been concealing a fork beneath them this entire time. He could see a single prong poking out from beneath her right hand.
	Itchy slid into the booth beside him, roughly enough to make his ass slide across the polished wood until his shoulder was pressed up against the window. Itchy, charming dog that he was, stank of old sweat infused with alcohol. At his touch, Wade had a brief, sudden flash of a woman sitting on a couch, smiling up at him. Her lips parted as if to speak, but then the vision cut out, as though someone had switched it off.
	“We got some good stuff, too. I don’t think your boy’ll mind, do you?” At the word boy, he nudged Wade in the ribs with his elbow. And again, that woman. Her lips were still moving, but he couldn’t hear what she was saying. It was a perfect reversal of what he’d spent the last year living with; all picture, no sound. As though Itchy had found a way to drown this woman’s voice in some vault deep inside of his heart.
	“Nah, girl, I don’t think he’s gonna mind at all.” Wade watched as Itchy’s filthy hand rose from beneath the table and made its way across. Do something. Do something. He was back in the library, Stephanie Green across from him. Tuesday’s hand was tensed. Her eyes didn’t waver. And then, like a flash, that hand rose and came swinging back down again.
	Itchy’s scream ripped across the diner. Heads turned all around. The waitress shrieked and jumped back, as much out of horror as for fear of her own safety. The canvas bag fell from her hands and spilled its guts all across the floor. “Fuck!” shouted Itchy. His friends dropped what they were doing and rushed to his side. Wade looked across the table at Tuesday, whose eyes remained as cold as they had been in the moments before she’d driven the fork into the palm of Itchy’s hand. With a savage grunt, Itchy tore the fork out and threw it aside.
	“You’re gonna pay for that, bitch. And I’m gonna take it out your ass.” He looked up at his friends. The one whom the leader had called King had his gun out and aimed right at Tuesday’s head. His thumb was poised just over the hammer, ready to cock. One wrong move, and he was going to start getting some very bad ideas. “Grab her,” Itchy said. “We gonna teach this bitch some man—” 
	The word evaporated into a loud oomph! as Wade threw himself into Itchy as hard as he could. The bigger man went flying into the waitress, who in turn fell backwards. Both hit the floor with a thud. Itchy’s friends jumped back, and Wade saw King’s thumb pull back on the hammer. The gun was your standard issue revolver. Six shots, and if his aim was any good then there would be six bodies in the diner to bag and tag before the day was out. Wade picked up his coffee mug and threw, aiming for King’s head. It hit just above his sternum and bounced off, then shattered on the floor. Before Wade had a chance to form any more bright ideas, a powerful hand closed around his ankle and pulled him down. The next thing he knew, he was on his back, with Itchy climbing on top of him.
	“Think you’re funny, Scruffy? I’ll show you funny, motherfucker!” One hand rose, its fingers curled into a fist, while the other pressed into Wade’s chest, pinning him. The hand came down in slow motion. Just before it hit, Wade was able to turn his face to the left. Fireworks exploded across his cheek. Every tooth on the left side of his face vibrated in loud, aching chorus. A burst of air rushed out of his mouth, and on that burst of air rode a single word: “Auri…”
	“Stop!”
	Itchy’s fist was rearing back to deliver another blow when the order came. Wade couldn’t see him, but he could hear the leader’s boots clicking against the lime-green linoleum floor as he approached. Could even feel the vibrations after a certain point. “Hold it,” he said. In the relative silence that had descended over the diner in the wake of this horrific and unexpected violence, his voice was booming.
	Itchy hit him again, in the mouth this time. He was gearing up for another blow when the leader’s hand closed around Itchy’s wrist and pulled back. Hard. Itchy fell off of him and Wade, his lungs suddenly free to take air as they pleased, rolled onto his side and greedily gasped it in.
	“You deaf, vato? Huh?”
	“You see what that little punk ass just did? What his bitch did?”
	Wade was dimly aware of the rest of the gang gathering around the two arguing men. The waitress, grateful to be forgotten, slowly crept back behind the counter.

	“I saw you harassing a woman and getting exactly what you asked for. I didn’t come here to play matchmaker for you and that diseased little dick of yours.” The two men stood nose to nose, neither blinking. Wade felt hands on his shoulders and winced, readying himself for more hurt. But the hands were too small, were touching him too carefully. 
	“Are you okay?” Tuesday asked.
	He tried to say something, but all that came out was a weak gurgle. Despite the entire world spinning way too rapidly on its axis, Wade managed to pull his legs up and plant one foot on the floor. Tuesday looped her arm under his and helped him back into the booth. It couldn’t have been more than a foot, but to Wade it felt like the Bataan death march. Twice he felt his ankle starting to twitch and managed to right it just in time. He collapsed into the polished wood of the booth. Tuesday dipped a napkin into a glass of water. He winced when it made contact with the cut on his cheek. 
	The leader slid into the booth directly across from them.
	“Where did you hear that name?” he asked.
	“I…I don’t…”
	“Don’t,” he said, raising his hand. “Don’t do that. I see you trying to lie, only your brain is too fucked up from that beating you just got, so you ain’t thinking straight. You’re gonna start spouting off a bunch of bullshit that doesn’t make any sense.” He pointed two fingers at his own eyes, then at Wade’s. “I see you. And I heard you say that name. So you skip all of that and answer my question.”
	The very building itself held its breath, waiting. Every eye in the diner was on him. Even Tuesday had grown still and silent beside him.
	“My name’s Carlos,” the leader said. When Wade didn’t respond right away, he raised his eyebrows and said, “Now’s the part where you tell me yours.”
	“Wade.”
	“That don’t sound like a Saudi Arabian name. Sounds like a pussy ass white boy name.”
	“Palestinian,” replied Wade. “Wadei. And I like the pussy ass white boy name.”
	Carlos glanced up at him, a quick glare, smiled, nodded, and then removed a pack of Marlboro Lights from his jacket’s inside pocket. What he pulled from it was a small joint, tightly wrapped but clearly bursting with marijuana. He stuck it in his mouth. The lighter he used to spark it up was a Zippo with a cartoon woman embossed on one side, her left eye closed in a wink that could be either knowing or lewd, depending on where your mind was at. Her chest was at least half again as big as her head. Carlos took a large hit, held it a moment, and then leaned his head back and blew the smoke up at the ceiling. He offered the joint to Wade, who only shook his head. As if expecting this, Carlos only shrugged and puffed again. “You scared, Wade?” he asked as he exhaled.
	“Yeah.”
	“That’s good.” He flicked the joint’s tip with one finger, dislodging the ash. “Being scared is a good thing. My mama always told me, you can always tell a good man by his fear. She said only the truly evil walk through life with no fear. It’s because their souls are already touched by the devil. So you telling me you’re scared, that tells me a lot about you. I want you to look, Wade. Real careful. You see these guys behind me?”
	“Yeah.”
	“All I have to do is give my boy Danny the word,” he nodded over his shoulder at the man just behind him, his revolver aimed directly at Wade, “and he’ll blow your fuckin’ brains out through your skull before you even know you’re dead. Your ass’ll be haunting this diner for all eternity. You know what that is? That’s loyalty. Not fear. Danny ain’t afraid of me. Are you, Danny?”
	“Hell no,” was the reply. “I seen how you fight.”
	The others laughed, but not Itchy. He was standing a little off to the side, glaring down at Wade like he wanted nothing more than to reach across the table and pop his head like a grape.
	“Me and my crew,” continued Carlos, “we been at this for a long time. We go in, we take what we need, and we leave again. No one gets hurt. You think these fools need me? I could die tomorrow and our operation would continue on as usual. That’s loyalty. We understand each other, and we’ve worked out a system. Our little operation here is a well-oiled, mean-riding son of a bitch. You think if we walked in here wearing J-Crew or some shit, a single one of these people would take us seriously? All we had to do was show up, look mean, and start talking.
	“I don’t get scared anymore. Maybe that says something about the state of my soul. But you, saying that name? That scared me. I feel it right in my chest, and I don’t like it. That screws with my system, which screws with my operation, which screws with my money. I can tell just from looking at you that you ain’t from around here, and I know I ain’t never seen you before today. And who knows? Maybe your friend here is named Aurimar. She tan as hell, but she don’t look like any Mexican I ever seen. But maybe. White people give their kids weird ass names all the time, don’t they? So I wanna know something, Wade, and I don’t want you to lie. I’ll know if you are. So, Wade?”
	The question was punctuated by Danny cocking his gun. But the gun wasn’t pointed at him anymore. It was pointed at Tuesday.
	“Don’t even think about lying to me.”
	A truck roared past. A big one. Wade saw it pass out of the corner of his eye. He silently willed the driver to stop, to come inside expecting a cup of coffee and a little harmless flirting with the waitress. It was a pointless mental exercise. He was daydreaming, looking for a way out. He turned his attention back to Carlos, his eyes thin slits in the center of his face. Wade swallowed hard. This was it. Win, lose, or draw, he was going to have to talk.
	“Twelve years ago,” he began.
	Carlos nodded.
	“She was three years younger than you. You heard the rumors, but you didn’t believe them. The drugs. The sex. You kept slipping her money when she wasn’t paying attention, even when she’d tell you not to. The last time you saw her, she told you to mind your own fucking business and to get out of her life.” Wade met Carlos’s eyes, the beginnings of a very ugly headache making its presence felt at each of his temples. “How am I doing so far?”
	“Keep going.” His voice was barely above a whisper. 
	“They found her days after she died. One of her neighbors noticed the smell and called the cops. You identified her. You saw how she was. How badly she died.”
	“Hey, ‘Los, man,” interrupted Itchy. “You gonna listen to this shit? Let’s waste his ass and get outta here before the cops show up.”
	“We’re gonna go when I say we’re gonna go,” he replied. His voice had an edge to it that hadn’t been there before. Before, he was calm and collected. But now that tremor had crept in. He nodded at Wade to continue. Wade watched as Itchy threw his hands up in frustration and turned away. You’re nervous, he thought. You should be.
	“The cops investigated, but not very hard. Your sister had a reputation. As far as they were concerned, she’d pushed one of her johns too far. And then you got a hot tip from one of your friends. He said he saw someone leaving your sister’s house that day.” His temples throbbing, Wade placed both hands on the table and leaned forward. “And we both know what happened then.”
	“Yeah,” Carlos said, his voice quivering. He was unnerved by what he’d heard and was trying hard not to show it. “I fuckin’ killed him.”
	“No,” Wade replied. “You didn’t. Because somebody gave you bad information.”  He let those words hang there for a moment, and then asked, “Do you remember what her favorite TV show was?”
	“The Simpsons. She loved that cat and mouse. Itchy—”
	His eyes widened. They rose slowly, traveling over each and every pore of Wade’s forehead, to the man standing just over Wade’s shoulder. A violent wave of emotion had knocked the last supports away, and now Carlos’s jaw hung slack. Light reflected off of his retinas, and Wade could see that he was on the verge of tears. He was hanging on, but barely. 
	“Put that gun away,” he said to Danny. Little more than a gasp, really.
	“Carlos…”
	“I said put it away!” he shouted. Danny flinched, and then reluctantly did as he was told. Tuesday’s body remained tense. And though he was still facing forward, Wade knew that she was trying hard not to look at him.
	“How do you know that?” Carlos asked. He wasn’t looking at Wade. His eyes were fixed on Itchy.
	“Because,” Wade said around a growing lump in his throat, “she just told me.”
	“You’re the guy,” Carlos said to Itchy. He slid out of the booth, though one hand remained on the table. For balance, maybe.
	“Yo, Los…”
	“She was always calling me up, telling me there was some vato hanging around outside, watching her. I…I just thought she was tweakin’. But it was you. Every single time, it was you.”
	“You gonna listen to some punk bitch in a diner? Huh? We came here to get some cash, remember? Now let’s just get our shit and get outta here, all right? We’re wastin’ all this time talkin’ when we should be finishin’ up here and getting’ back on the road. For all we know one of these fools could have called the cops while you was gettin’ a reading from motherfuckin’ Sylvia Browne over here.”
	Less than a foot stood between them. Itchy was much broader than Carlos, but he seemed to wilt just a little when he said, “Look me in the eyes. Tell me that it was Hector Guerrera. Tell me you had nothing to do with Auri dying.”
	“Man, this is stupid…”
	“Hey, Danny.”
	Danny, the gun hanging limp from a hand that was barely holding it, stepped forward. He glanced at Wade, quickly looked away. Carlos turned his head to the left when he spoke, but his attention remained firmly on Itchy.
	“Our boy Itchy here makes me wait another minute for my answer, I want you to shoot him in the kneecap. Another minute after that, you shoot him in the other one.” Wade had seen enough movies to expect a cold smile to cross Carlos’s lips just then, but the smaller man only returned his attention to Itchy and said, “Last chance.”
	“Carlos, man…”
	“No. No more stalling. I want some satisfaction. I wanna be satisfied that my best friend, a dude that I’ve been trusting with my life ever since we were kids, has nothing to do with this. I wanna be satisfied that Hector was lying to me. And I wanna be satisfied that this little brown boy here is just some crazy punk and I don’t need to listen to a single thing he says. So you look me in the eye, homes, and you repeat after me: ‘Carlos, I did not kill Aurimar.’ You do that, and we’re cool. But you better make it quick. I’m getting impatient.”
	“You really gonna let him fuck with us? With our operation?”
	“Danny?”
	At some point Danny must have uncocked the gun, because now there came another click, loud against the silence of the diner. Itchy pulled himself straight, thrust his chin towards the ceiling. “Go ahead, Danny. Doesn’t matter what I say anyway. You ready to shoot your boy? Remember who helped you track down Ricky Lewis after he scammed you out of that ten grand? Who looked after your kids while you was in the pen? Go ahead. Let’s see how loyal you really are.”
	“Five,” Carlos said.
	“What the fuck’s the matter with you, ‘Los?”
	“Four.”
	“Yo Danny, you see this bendaho? Counting down to the space shuttle launch and shit.”
	“Three. Time’s running out, Itch. Better start talking.”
	Wade saw a bead of sweat squeeze out of Itchy’s forehead and begin a rapid descent down the left side of his face. Trying to escape what was about to come.
	“Two.”
	“That fucking bitch deserved it!” Itchy suddenly shouted. If Carlos was stunned, he didn’t show it. He continued to stare right into his old friend’s eyes. The only indication that he’d heard Itchy’s confession at all was the sudden clenching of his right hand. Itchy looked around at the shocked faces of the diner’s customers, none of whom had ever known this woman and had no reason at all to be personally invested in what had become of her. Nor were they. Most of them were looking at Wade, who at that moment was wishing he could dissolve his body into a puddle of water and quietly slip out the door.
	Itchy leaned in close to Carlos. His words burst from his lips like machine gun fire. “You know what she was doing in there, man. She was shaming you. Your entire family. I had to do it. She wasn’t going to stop. I was protecting you.”
“Danny?”
	“What the fu—”
	A loud, echoing blast obliterated the rest of the word. Itchy tried to keep his balance a moment, but then his left leg buckled underneath him and he came crashing down. “Fuck! Fuuccck! You motherfucker!” Blood pooled beneath Itchy’s leg, despite his large hands pressing hard against the wound. “Danny, I’m gonna fuckin’ kill you! You hear me? I’m gonna fuck you up so bad your own mother won’t know you! Fuck you! Fuck you!”
	Carlos turned away, ignoring with the screams. Screams were one thing he’d heard more than his fair share of already. He gazed down at Wade a moment, and then carefully slid back into the same seat he’d vacated a minute before. “You’re marked,” he said, looking into Wade’s eyes. His voice was low. Dazed. “The devil’s already got his finger on your heart. Whatever you got inside of you, I wouldn’t trade places with you for anything.”
	“What about your friend?”
	“Who? Him?” He shook his head. “Ain’t no friend of mine. Dude don’t mean shit to me. Hey,” he called over his shoulder, “Mamacita. You can thank this little brown boy here. All of you. He just bought you all a get out of jail free card. Hand the bag off to my friend here. Danny, start handing these people back their wallets and cash.”
	“Whoa, hey…”
	“What I say goes. Pick Itchy up and let’s get out of here.”
	“Wh-what are you going to do?” Itchy asked from his place on the floor. His face was contorted with pain and fear.
	“Right now? I’m gonna get outta here before the cops show up, and you’re coming with us. Danny’s gonna be riding your ass good though, Itch, so if you try to make a break for it he’s gonna blow your brains out. Am I right, Danny?”
	“Yeah,” he said, nodding. “Right.”
	“Good. Start handing back these people’s things. And you three,” he said, nodding to King and his companions, “pick this piece of shit up and get him out of my sight.”
	They did as they were told. Itchy tried to fight them at first, but in the end he accepted their help and together they made their way towards the counter, then into the back. A door opened, and then they were gone.
	The headache was starting to fade. Thank god for that. He wanted to stand, but Tuesday was still sitting beside him, and talking just felt like too much effort. Carlos, seeming to understand this, stuck his hand across the table. Wade took it, and they shook. He ignored the images that flooded through his mind. Images of men and women with tear-streaked faces begging for mercy, for another chance. Second chances are a dime a dozen in this world, and men like Carlos don’t believe in them for precisely this reason. There was a strange kind of nobility in that.
	“You’re one crazy cabrone, Wade. Got a pussy name, too. You take it easy, man.”
	“You too.”
	Carlos nodded and slid out of the booth. Danny stood off to the side, the green canvas bag crumpled up in one hand, a single strap hanging straight down. They followed the same path their friends had. The silence that had come over the diner remained firmly in place until the roar of motorcycles revving in chorus was heard. The six of them rode out, Carlos in the lead. Itchy’s bike trailed behind, Danny riding a little further back. Carlos was a man of his word—the gun remained in Danny’s hand, and was pointed right at Itchy’s head. 
	Wade hadn’t noticed Tuesday sliding out of the booth, nor had he noticed the heads of every person in the diner turning back his way. The show was over. She gently closed her fingers around his and pulled him up. “I think,” she said, “it’s time to go.”

CHAPTER EIGHT
She took the wheel this time. The headache had returned the moment he stepped outside. Now he sat in the passenger’s seat of his own car, his eyes half-open, staring out at the open highway. The last time he’d gotten into a fight was in the seventh grade, with a skinny kid named Eddie who’d turned out to have a fair amount of muscle buried underneath all that skin. He’d walked away from that fight with a bloody nose and a tooth that felt a little too loose in his mouth for nearly a month afterward. It was a small miracle that the thing never did fall out.
	“Okay,” she said.
	“Okay?”
	“You wanna tell me what just happened back there?”
	He shook his head. “No.”
	She gave him a sidelong glare. “Yeah, well. Tough. You don’t get to…to just do whatever you just did back there and expect me not to have a couple of questions. How you knew about that guy’s sister is a pretty good place to start.”
	“I didn’t…”
	“Don’t. Okay? I was sitting right next to you. I heard every word. ‘Your sister had a reputation’? That sounds pretty specific to me. In fact, if a person didn’t know better, they’d probably think you were there when it happened.” Her fingers were tight on the wheel. Tense. When she spoke again, that tension was on display for all the world to see. “Can I have a cigarette?”
	He shook two out and lit them both at once. The double dose of nicotine brought a whole new fog rolling across his brain. He let it roll, trying to think of what he was going to say. He opened his mouth, started to speak, but his timing was off and the sudden inhalation brought the smoke he’d just exhaled rolling back into his mouth, down his throat. He coughed into his hand. 
	“So what are you, a psychic or something?”
	“No.”
	“Well, your new biker friend might disagree with you there. Along with that entire diner.” She took a drag and blew the smoke out the window. For a moment, it became a hand, curved and tipped with lethal-looking claws. Then the wind caught it and tore it apart. “Jesus, I’ve seen some freaky shit…”
	“But?”
	“But what?”
	“You’ve seen some freaky shit, but…?”
	“But nothing. What you just did? That scared the living crap out of me. Have you been doing that with me this whole time? Can you…?”
	“No,” he replied. “I can’t read your mind.”
	Some tension in her body appeared to drain away at that. “It’s not like I’m hiding anything, it’s just…”
	“It’s an invasion of privacy,” he finished for her. “I know.”
	“But you can. You walked into that diner without freaking out, right? And you didn’t know those guys were there.”
	He unbuckled his safety belt and twisted around in his seat. He reached out, hands fumbling around a debris field of fast food wrappers and half-melted candy bars. The human body can only tolerate so much crap being pumped into it, and if the back seat of Wade’s car was any indication, he was probably coming up on his lifetime quota. He found what he was looking for on the floor. As soon as the bottle of Wild Turkey was in his hands he unscrewed the cap, lifted the bottle to his lips and took a long, hard swallow from it. Tuesday watched him from the corner of her eye. Unlike earlier, what she was witnessing now felt private, her very presence in this car an invasion. 
	“You drink too much,” she said.
	“I’m entitled.”
	“Here,” she said, holding out her hand. 
	“You’re driving.”
	“So?” she replied, and snatched the bottle from his hand. The bottle to her lips, she tilted her head back and took a small sip. She held out her hand for the cap and he handed it over. She screwed it back on and tossed it into the back seat.
	“I’m not psychic,” he said again. “I hear things. It’s…it’s hard to explain.”
	“Well, why don’t you give it a try?”
	He sighed, and allowed his head to fall back against the head rest behind him.“I had one semester left,” he began. “One more, and I was done. My parents had this whole big party planned out for me. The first American citizen in our family, about to graduate from college. It was important, so important that even when I decided to study sociology, not engineering or medicine, they hardly batted an eye. ‘We just want you to be happy, Wadei,’ they told me. The thing is, I wasn’t happy. Couldn’t get excited. I looked into my future, and it just wasn’t there. I had no idea what I was going to do with my life.
	“That’s what was on my mind. I was sitting in the library, I’m reading this book by a guy who’s been dead longer than I’ve been alive, and I kept thinking to myself that I was wasting my time. All of my friends were working, getting married, having kids. Living their lives. And there I was, soaking up all of this worthless information. So I was listening to music, trying to take my mind off of it, when this girl sitting across the table from me starts reaming me out. ‘You’re humming,’ she said. Real matter of fact. Like she expected this kind of thing in the library, but it pissed her off all the same to have to deal with it.”
	He smiled. It felt bitter to him. He could see Stephanie Green now, a cellophane image in front of him, a strand of purple hair hanging down one side of her face. If he reached out, he thought, he just might be able to touch her. And if he could touch her, then maybe he could tell her to duck. A split second. It’s all he would have needed. He shut his eyes against the vision and bowed his head. 
	“She was the first to die. I saw him walk in, but I didn’t pay attention. He looked like anybody else. I still don’t know why he picked her. One shot, and she’s gone, and he’s just walking up and down the aisles, firing over and over again. I hid under the table with my hands over my ears, keeping my eyes shut. And you know what I felt like? I felt like a little kid, hiding under my blanket from the boogeyman. A part of me thought the whole thing would just stop if I wished hard enough for it. But then I opened my eyes, and she was on the ground in front of me. Just staring…”
	Wade forced himself to stop. He opened his mouth and sucked in a great lungful of air. A vague sense of unreality had crept over him while he spoke, as though he were talking about somebody else entirely. Even with the images flashing before his eyes, it didn’t feel quite real to him. This was the first time he’d spoken these words aloud, outside of police interrogation rooms. He’d repeated the same details a million times, until it began to feel as though he were reciting from a book. To talk about it now, the space of an entire country away from where it had happened, to a woman he hadn’t known even twenty-four hours before…
	“Vermont, right?”
	He nodded. “It’s getting a little hard to keep track, isn’t it?”
	“My mom wanted me to drop out after that happened. She said I was better off staying home. Safer. We had this whole big argument about it. I haven’t really talked to her since.”
	“It can happen anywhere,” he replied. “That’s kind of the problem.” He rubbed his eyes with his thumb and forefinger. “The shooting stopped for a while, and I thought he’d gone. I waited for what felt like hours. I could hear people all around me crying, whispering to each other, but nobody was willing to risk making a run for it. But I’d already seen Stephanie there, and I couldn’t get her out of my head. If I didn’t at least try to move, I was going to go insane. I started to creep away, but then I heard the click of a gun being cocked, I look up, and there he is. He said something that sounded like, ‘I’m sorry,’ and I…I got mad. I started walking towards him, even though I knew that he was going to shoot me.
	“And that’s when the cops came. They saw him, and didn’t hesitate. The first bullet went through his chest and it kept going.” He lifted his shirt. Ever since he’d started talking, that quarter-sized scar had grown steadily warmer. Tuesday glanced down at it, and quickly looked away. “I have to give them credit: their response time was pretty impressive, all things considered.” Wade let his shirt fall, and sighed. Beside him, the desert rolled on. He remembered making something like this in kindergarten out of a long roll of white paper, on which he’d drawn crude little stick figures and dinosaurs with heads too large and teeth too long. 
	After nearly a full minute of silence, Tuesday said, “I don’t know what to say. It’s weird. I feel kind of like I’m meeting a celebrity.”
	Wade laughed. It was short, and bitter. “A celebrity? That’s ridiculous.”
	“But you know what I mean, right? Like, people know you.”
	He closed his eyes and began to rub the bridge of his nose. A storm was brewing between his eyes. A nasty one. Like it or not, in the age of twenty-four hour news networks, fame comes cheap and it comes easy. All he’d had to pay for his was a little bit of intestine and a whole lot of nightmares.
	“So is that why you’re doing this? You’re trying to escape fame or something?”
	“Escape fame?” he asked. “Who gets famous over something like that? Why would someone want to be famous for something like that?” He could hear the anger creeping into his voice, and for the first time, did nothing to stop it. His mind flashed back to the hours he’d spent in those windowless rooms, staring into the faces of angry men with badges. “Do you know what kind of fame I got? I got the kind of fame where people assume that just because you have brown skin, you must have been involved, because white people have never just killed other white people for no reason—no, it had to have been a brown man behind the whole thing. Even with my intestines spilling out, I had to have had a hand in it. And after the first couple of weeks, when the latest tragedy overtakes your own, the only people who care about your existence are the police who shadow you to work, to the liquor store, who call you at all hours of the night to ‘make sure’ you didn’t miss any details. You try living with that for a year! You live with it and tell me you’d stick around. You’d do the same thing I did—you’d run as fast and as far away as you possibly…” The storm had coalesced into a hurricane. Wade closed his eyes, brought both hands to his temples and rubbed at them as gently as he could. 
	“I dropped out, spent a semester away, and then I forced myself to go back. Even with all the stares, and the accusing eyes. I spent months thinking about all the pets waiting for their owners to come home, about all the cell phones that were buzzing while peoples’ friends and family watched the body bags coming out of the library on channel four. God,” he groaned, “that buzzing. It started long before the cops got there. I lay next to a dead woman for ten minutes while her cell phone went buzz, buzz. Some of those people…I’m the last person to have seen them alive. And of course the news went ahead and told the world that because I didn’t want to talk about what had happened, I must be hiding something. I must be guilty of something. A lot of people died that day, and I’m the one who got all the attention.”
	“But other people survived, right?”
	“Sure. There were a lot of people in the library that night, and he didn’t exactly show up with an arsenal. Though the way the guy was spraying bullets, it’s kind of a miracle that anybody made it out alive.”
	“The guy.”
	It took him a moment to pick apart those two words. The desert kept on passing him by, but he was thousands of miles and a dozen states removed from the whole thing. He was thinking about the library, about the memorial they’d erected outside in the shooting’s aftermath. All of the survivors had received invitations to the unveiling. It was promised to be a respectful ceremony, with the dignity of survivors and victims in mind at all times. He’d gotten shitfaced and spent most of that night poking little holes into the egg-white vellum paper with the burning tips of his cigarettes. The memorial, as he’d expected, was certainly tasteful, but only if you didn’t look at it too closely. A gift from an art school alum who’d made it big in New York, it was a bronze sculpture of twenty-four doves, one for each of the victims, fluttering out of a large orb all at once. Tasteful. But from certain angles, Wade couldn’t help but notice how similar it looked to a human skull being blown apart.
	“What about him?”
	“You don’t say his name. You keep calling him ‘the guy’.”
	“He got what he wanted. Magazine covers, YouTube videos, conspiracy theories. I don’t need to say his name. As for why I knew about that biker’s sister, I couldn’t tell you. Through my stay at the hospital, I was hearing voices, but they were faint. I thought they were doctors, or visitors. A lot of people went in and out, many of them when I was too drugged up to know what was happening around me. 
	“Only once I was out, the voices didn’t stop. It wasn’t all the time, though it certainly felt like it at times. One day I would be fine, and the next I would be on the bus and someone would be whispering in my ear, asking me to tell the woman seated on the other side that they money was safe or that they loved them. They never just spoke; it was always whispering or shouting. I thought I was going insane. I stopped leaving my apartment. Between the voices and the police…”
	A blue, weather-beaten sign was coming up on Wade’s side. He pulled his arm back into the car and leaned forward, peering hard ahead. COLLISTON—TEN MILES. “Guess there really is a town out here after all.”
	“Colliston,” she repeated. “If I had to make a guess, I’d say the population’s hovering just under a thousand.”
	“So?”
	“Nothing.”
	“No, what?”
	“Well, what are you going to do? Just drive around until your cash runs out? Or your car dies?”
	He considered this a moment, and then replied, “Dunno. I haven’t really thought that far ahead.”
	“You…” The look she gave him is one familiar to every man who’s said something he knows is foolish in the presence of a woman. He ignored it. He didn’t have a plan. Hadn’t even thought to have one to this point, and he felt no need to change that now. In an hour, maybe less, he was going to be driving out of here, leaving her behind. One thing to the next.
	The sun was high in the sky by the time Colliston appeared over the horizon. From a distance, it was a perfectly anonymous western town. The sky yawned all around it, enclosing it in a kind of shimmering glass dome. After so long driving through the parched, featureless landscape, it was easy to mistake this tiny settlement for a mirage. Or even worse, the byproduct of a mind fractured by road fever. You see things out here. Despite the sign they’d passed a few miles back informing the passing motorist of the town’s existence, and despite the presence of those people back at the diner, Wade could hardly believe that there was anyone actually living out here.
	Their entrance into Colliston did nothing to alleviate that feeling.
	Colliston was, for all intents and purposes, a ghost town. Many of the houses were a dusky shade of brown, all traces of personality obliterated by the combined effort of wind and brutal, candy glass-like shards of sand that had stripped all color away from them. These had been nice homes, once. Not much different from the one he’d grown up in; small, with just enough comfort to spare for a family of four. Even the street signs, which held tight to the tops of broken and bent metal poles, bore such names as POPLAR STREET and MAPLE POINT BOULEVARD. Kind of funny, he thought—all of the streets in Colliston were named after plants and trees that would never be able to grow out here.
	But what made that knot of unease in his guts tighten were the cars.
	There weren’t many, but those he saw were in near-pristine condition. Over the course of his travels he’d passed enough abandoned vehicles to know that out here, cars don’t decay, they mummify. Without enough moisture to promote rust, automobiles were transformed by the environment into dried husks of their former selves. Those vehicles had been wrecks, easily recognized as such from miles away. But not these. These looked like they would purr and melt in your hands, provided you had the right key.
	They passed a forest-green 2003 Chevy Pathfinder, parked out in front of 2651 Pine Way. Both heads turned. “What the hell?” Tuesday muttered. “This can’t be right.” She leaned forward, her elbows against the steering wheel. “This can’t be right,” she said again.
	“Keep going. Maybe this is just… I don’t know, the ghetto, or something.”
	“Right.”
	But the further they ventured into Colliston, the more apparent it became that urban decay wasn’t the exception here, but the rule. Entire structures had collapsed into the streets, which were buried under the layers of sand that had accumulated over the years. Another decade, maybe two, and driving through this town would require a vehicle with a little more oomph under the hood than Wade’s Oldsmobile had. Together they scanned the roads for any sign of fresh tire tracks. Someone had to have been here recently. If the New Mexico Parks Department hadn’t found their way here yet, then surely others had. There were enough pages on the internet dedicated to Old West ghost towns. Even a place as far off the beaten path as Colliston couldn’t have escaped the eager feet of urban explorers.
	End of the line. Here, all roads end.
	The words came as a burst of static, a BB gun fired at close range right between the eyes. His head shot back into the head rest behind him, hard enough to make his teeth very audibly clack together.
	“What was that? Are you okay?”
	“Yes,” he replied, and again set to massaging his temples. Not there. Not there. His mouth was dry. As a matter of fact, his entire body felt like one great, dry husk. All it would have taken to send him back to Vermont via airmail was a strong wind. His eyes scanned the street. They were downtown now. None of the buildings stood more than three stories tall, yet they towered over the deserted avenue all the same. Colliston wasn’t a dead town, after all. Something had noted their presence. He could feel its eyes on them. Colliston’s eyes. 
	“There,” he said, pointing. “Stop the car.”
	“Do you see something?”
	“Just stop the car.”
	The building they stopped in front of had been red brick, once. Time and the desert sands had coated it in a thin layer of brown, with only the faintest hints of its original color visible beneath. The roof had fallen in a long time ago. From the street they could see a single broken finger of aged timber poking out of the second floor; a final fuck-you to the elements that had orchestrated the structure’s demise.
	“What is it?” she asked.
	“It’s a liquor store,” he said, pointing to a broken sign in the street. Only the letters OR were visible; the rest had been buried by the sands. Wade ran his fingers through his hair, not liking how greasy it felt, and got out of the car.
	His boots didn’t crunch against the earth beneath them. Rather, they floated. The sand here was soft, not at all like the coarse dirt of the desert. The winds had eroded the sharp edges away, leaving behind soft little balls that didn’t tumble, but rolled across the ground. Traveling sand.
	From a distance the door appeared to be made of some kind of soft wood, but upon closer inspection Wade saw that he was staring at dirt-encrusted glass. There was a thin metal bar just visible on the other side. He reached out, took hold of the handle. Dust and sand crumbled at his touch and fell to the ground. He pulled.
	Nothing. The door was locked.
	“Well, there you go,” Tuesday said from behind him. “Are you ready to get moving again?”
	“You’re not the least bit curious?” He turned away from the door and headed back to the car. Tuesday followed close behind. 
	“Look around you. This town is dead. Let’s just get out of here.”
	“In a minute.” He popped the trunk, walked around to the back. Tuesday stayed where she was, her arms crossed in front of her. The sore patches of skin rubbed together, making her wince. When Wade stepped away, he had a long, black tire iron clenched in his right hand. It swung at his side as he walked like an elongated arm, its curved tip scraping at the sand. “I’m only going to be a minute.”
	He gave the glass two good taps with the business end of the tire iron. A layer of sand fell away. The glass gave a muffled clink with each tap. Wade reared back, then hit the glass as hard as he could. It fell in a long, dusty cascade. Particles of the stuff floated into Wade’s lungs and he turned away, coughing hard into his hand. Holy shit, the dust even tasted rotten. Like thousands of bugs had been trapped in it over the years and then decayed as new layers were added on. Some part of him, the civilized part that was used to the world of alarms and sirens, expected that loud, familiar buzzing to begin at any second. It didn’t happen. The store remained silent. Gingerly, Wade broke out the stray shards of glass from the frame and stepped inside. 
	The little light that made it inside from the street illuminated a scene trapped in time. He hadn’t expected to find much, if anything, in here, but each shelf was lined with bottles. Covered in a thin layer of dust, yes, but there they were. The shelves were made of wood and were buckled in the middle, making the bottles lean in from both sides. The ceiling was still intact. Remembering that broken finger, however, Wade knew that if he dared venture a look upstairs he’d be treated to a scene of absolute carnage.
	“Wade?” called Tuesday from outside.
	“I’m fine,” he called back. “Come in here. Check this out.”
	She coughed as she walked in. She stood beside the door a moment, letting her eyes adjust to the gloom. He could actually see the unease fall away from her eyes, replaced by wonder. And it was wonderful. Even if there had been nothing in here but bare shelves, just the opportunity to walk and explore would have been worth it.
	“This in incredible,” she breathed. He watched a moment as she stepped behind the counter. Trailed her fingers across it. Even in the dim of the room, he could see the trail her finger left in the years of accumulated dust. “God, I wish I had my camera.”
	“So do I,” he agreed, and set to scanning the shelves. He picked up a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. Mont Blanc, 1961. He was holding a bottle of wine that was only a year or two younger than his own father. He almost dropped it when a loud ching! blasted through the room’s silence.
	“Hey, check this out,” she called.
	He set the bottle back on the shelf. Carefully. I’ll be back for you later, he promised, and went to join Tuesday. In her hand she held a fistful of old bills. “Cash register’s full.” She leaned in close to a twenty-dollar bill. “Series 1950. John W. Snyder, Secretary of the Treasury. There’s gotta be at least three hundred dollars in here.”
	“It’s not that big a take,” he replied. He picked out a ten dollar bill from the register and brought it close to his face for a better look. “Snyder again,” he said, and set it aside.
	“Would you just lock up and one day and leave all this money behind? Look at this place. It’s been shuttered for years.” She looked around the room. “And usually when a store closes, they liquidate the inventory. But look—it’s all still here.” The cash register closed with a loud clang! Tuesday took a step away from it, as though wary of what it might do next. “Whoever used to own this place, they left in a hurry. And I’m thinking we should do the same.”
	A rat, or perhaps something much larger than a rat, scurried across the floor directly above their heads. Wade’s eyes rose towards the sound. “Okay,” he said, grabbing the nearest bottle from the shelf behind him. “You win. Let’s go.”
	The heat hit them hard when they stepped out of the liquor store. Neither had realized just how cold it was inside, and now that they had, both were seriously considering hunkering down in there until the sun got a little lower. It was a long drive to nowhere ahead of them. There were road maps buried somewhere in the back seat, eleventh hour contingency plans in case something went wrong, but the bad feeling that they wouldn’t even find Colliston on the map had already nested inside of Wade’s brain. The best they could do was keep driving west until they found the next town. Wade looked down at the bottle in his hand. Glendronach, 1958. He tossed it into the Oldsmobile’s back seat through the open driver’s side window.
	“Listen,” he said. “I was thinking…”
	“Young man.’
	The voice was deep and hard, the vocal cords rubbed raw from decades of breathing in the desert air. Wade whirled, surprised, and caught only a glimpse of a face tanned a deep brown before the butt of a shotgun hit him right in the forehead. The last thing he heard was Tuesday’s surprised shriek, and then the darkness took him in and claimed him as its own.

CHAPTER NINE
“Look at him.”
	Carlos closed his eyes, gathering his thoughts. Just three feet away, his best friend was on his knees, his pleas muffled by a filthy rag stuffed into his mouth. Itchy had kept his mouth shut through the entire ride out here, no doubt cobbling together the defense that Carlos hadn’t even given him the chance to make. The second their bikes rolled to a stop Danny dismounted, came up behind Itchy and slammed the butt of his gun into the base of his skull.
	And now Itchy, the terror of their little group, whose sole job it was to intimidate, was on his knees and crying because he knew that he was going to die.
	“We can’t leave him like this,” Danny continued. “It ain’t right, ‘Los. You know Auri’d say the same thing.”
	“Auri don’t say much of anything anymore.” He nodded to Miguel and King, standing on either side of Itchy. The signal given, they hooked their arms beneath Itchy’s armpits and hauled him to his feet. A fresh torrent of blood ran down Itchy’s wounded knee, staining his jeans an even darker shade of black. The smell in the air… Carlos could actually smell Itchy’s leg, and it was enough to make him gag. Itchy’s neck swiveled from side to side, his eyes focusing on one face, and another, and another, wide and uncomprehending of anything except that he’d started his day on a moldy but comfortable bed, and was about to end it with a freefall off of a cliff.
	The wind blew hard up here. By Carlos’s estimate, the drop directly behind his old friend was a good fifty feet. Maybe more.
	“Crrrrlu! Crrrrlu!”
	Carlos didn’t respond. His hands kept opening and closing, seemingly on their own. He couldn’t stop it. Twice now he’d brought them to his temples, trying to rub the demon out of his brain, but it was no use. Every time he looked out over the edge of this cliff, he could see their bikes down below. Four all in a row, while the other two hung off to the side like uneasy party guests. Only one of those two was going to be leaving here this afternoon.
	“I know you want me to take that rag out of your mouth, Eddie, but I’m not going to. I know how your brain works. The second I let you, you’re gonna talk, and you ain’t gonna stop talking until I put a bullet in your head. So you’re done talking.”
	“Nfff! Lffrge! Plur!”
	“I been thinking it over the whole ride out here, and I still can’t make sense of it, Ed. Why?” He looked into his old friend’s eyes, searching for some reaction at hearing that hated name. Carlos hadn’t said it aloud in twelve years, not since that night he, Eddie, and Aurimar had sat on the couch together, passing a bong back and forth, The Simpsons on the television in front of them, Eddie cracking his dumb jokes, and then Auri had turned to him, laughing, and said—	
	“ ‘You’re funny like Itchy.’ You remember her saying that? I remember it. Real well.” Carlos curled his fingers around the back of his friend’s neck and gently pulled him forward, until their foreheads were touching. He kept his eyes open, kept them on Itchy’s. They were shut tight. Tears were squeezing their way through the cracks. “We all knew what your house was like. We knew about your stepdad. Why you think we always had you over? You were my boy, Eddie. My brother. And you were hers, too. That girl loved you, Eddie. She trusted you.”
	He let go and stepped away. Itchy opened his eyes. Given more room to fall, the tears fell. Carlos half-expected them to evaporate as soon as they hit open air, it was so hot out here. All he wanted was to be somewhere cool. Somewhere that he could gather his thoughts, give them one last look, and then lock them away forever. It was how you survived. The only way you survived.
	“That’s probably what got her killed, isn’t it?” He posed the question not to Itchy, but to the wind, blowing up hard from the ground below. He walked past his old friend, to the very edge of the cliff. If Itchy were brave enough, he thought, he could kick him right off. Miguel and King would throw Itchy right after him, but at least he could have that little something. What do they call that? He’d seen a movie a long time ago where they were talking about that kind of victory, the kind won at too high a price. A Phyrric victory. That was it. Itchy would have a split second to watch his head crack open, and then his own would do the same, and there they’d lie, their bodies shattered and broken, the souls departed to their respective destinations.A part of him almost wanted Itchy would do that very thing.
	“Crrlu…plrf…”
	“This is my turn. You’ve had twelve years of talking that you didn’t earn. You’re done now.”
	Be strong, he thought. For her, please, be strong.
	A breath, collectively held, seemed to be released when Carlos stepped away from the cliff. He wanted one more look. He walked past Danny, who had been ready to reach out and grab Carlos if Itchy made any wrong moves, and back to his original place in front of Itchy. The tears were still coming. Now they accompanied by choked, blubbering sobs.
	“What is this, Eddie? You think tears are gonna save you? It’s just water to me. You can’t pay for blood with water. What you owe me? You ain’t got enough of it to walk away from here with everything square between us.”
	“Jffs…Crrlu, plrf…”
	Another wind blew up the side of the cliff. It made a high, whooshing sound as it rushed past; the whisper of a million dead coming to claim what was soon to be theirs. Carlos forced himself to ignore the chill that ran up his spine as he closed the distance between himself and Itchy for the last time.
	Be strong.
	“You damned yourself for what you did,” he said, laying his hand on Itchy’s shoulder. He winced at Carlos’s touch. Miguel and King let go of Itchy and stepped away. This was it. The end arrived at last. “And I’m damned too, for this. But it’s justice, Eddie. A friend wouldn’t have been able to ride with me all these years, after doing what you did. All those years, all those anniversaries, and you never said a word. My baby sister’d be thirty now. Might have a couple of kids. And maybe, just maybe, if you’d have been patient, those kids might have been yours.” He sighed. A deep, final sigh.
	“I would have liked that.”
	What happened next unfolded in slow motion. Carlos pushed. Itchy’s eyes went wide, almost comically so, until they looked like they might burst from his sockets and try to fly away. His hands shot out as one and Carlos flinched, for a moment afraid that Itchy was going to try to get a hold of him as he went over after all. But the bigger man wasn’t close enough, and in that instant revenge was the furthest thing from his mind. The earth screeched as Itchy’s boots scraped across it, desperate for purchase, and then he was gone. Itchy made no sound as he fell. 
	The five men stood at the edge of the cliff. They dispersed one by one, until only Carlos was left standing. And then he too stepped away. A few minutes later, the roar of motorcycles filled the air. 

CHAPTER TEN
It’s dark. The air is foul. Wade breathes it in, regrets it immediately.
	Where the hell am I? he wonders.
	“You’re in the no-spin zone,” answers a voice beside him.
	Wade tries to turn, to look at his companion. Can’t. Yet he is aware of a man beside him. No, not a man. Even with the wind rushing at his face, he can smell him, and he smells like something much, much older than man. Something perhaps not even of this world.
	“Just keep your eyes on the road,” the voice tells him. 
	Road? What road? There is no road. He is surrounded on all sides by a large, cavernous darkness that constricts and loosens, constricts and loosens, in a rhythm as steady as breath. He’s aware of a pressure beneath his foot, and he pulls it away. Immediately he begins to slow.
	“Might not wanna do that, Wade. You see, you can slow down, but you can’t ever stop. Sooner or later you’re going to get to where you’re going. And if I were you, I’d wanna be getting there just as quick as I possibly can. It’s better for everyone.”
	“Who are you?”
	“Ferryman, journeyman, beggarman, it’s all the same. Go on. Try taking your hands off of the steering wheel.”
	He looks at his hands, and sees that they are gripping a wheel that isn’t a wheel at all. Each scale is illuminated, as though a light is pulsing from deep inside of the snake. Its body is as slippery as an eel’s. The moment Wade’s grip loosens, the steering wheel comes alive, wriggling in his grip, twisting its head around to get at any bit of skin it can sink its teeth into. His companion chuckles. Wade tries to turn his head again, certain that he isn’t seeing what he thinks he’s seeing. No use. An invisible cage has been closed around his neck, and now all he can do is look forward.
	“You know what the best way to cook a frog is, Wade? They say that what you want to do is, you drop it in a pot of cold water, and then you steadily turn up the heat. Thing is, frogs have a good sense of temperature, and the second the water gets too hot to handle, they’re going to hop out. No, the best way to cook a frog is to get the water boiling just as hot as you can get it, and then you drop the sucker in. It won’t be hopping out then, will it? You deserve all the credit in the world. I dropped you in to the boiling water, and you just kept swimming. It hurt like hell, I’m sure. Despite everything, I’m not without sympathy. If anything, I’m impressed. But time is growing short, and I’m just not as patient as I used to be.
	“The men who took you are going to kill you. There’s no way around that now. I sent the bikers to that diner, hoping they’d be the ones to do it, but your friend just couldn’t keep her mouth shut. A real pistol, that one is. The both of you, you’re resilient. You’re survivors. I’m a survivor too. I’ve been here a long time, just surviving. I respect that. And because of that, I’m here to make you an offer. 
	“When you wake up, you’re going to stick your hand under the pillow. What you’ll find there is an old razor blade. A little rusty, but if you do as I say then tetanus will be the least of your concerns.” He chuckles. Wade doesn’t like this. He tries to pull his hands away from the wheel again, feels that thrashing underneath them, that certainty that if he lets go then a pair of powerful jaws are going to clamp around his wrist and pump his veins full of toxic waste.
	“Wade.”
	He stops struggling. His heart is slamming against the walls of his chest. Up ahead, there is a tiny pinprick of light that is getting larger and larger with each passing second.
	“I get the impression that you’re not quite understanding me, so allow me spell it out for you: you are not going to leave this desert alive. I’m the lock, and you’re the key. I may not be able to touch you, but I can make your life out here extremely painful. And I will. So when you wake up, take that razor, and drag it down the alley. If you do it right, you’ll die clean. Quick. And believe me, it’ll a lot less painful than what I’ll do to you if you don’t. Take my word for it, Wade. You don’t want me coming after you. I don’t think you want that at all.”
	Though he still can’t see him, Wade can hear the smile in his companion’s voice. Satisfied. “Now, eyes on the road, Wade. Here comes the best part of the trip. You watching?”
	He is, but what’s unfolding before him can’t be happening. The darkness is closing in on them, all while the light at the end of the tunnel becomes brighter, gains a kind of definition. It is shaped like a man, his arms out at his sides, his legs spread wide, planted firmly into the ground. Wade tightens his grip on the steering wheel, feels flesh giving beneath his fingers, muscles tensing. At the last second before impact, the thing he’s been holding onto for dear life breaks free and rears up, faces him. It seems to be smiling at him, its fangs dripping with venom. It rears back, shrieking, aiming for Wade’s face. He throws both hands up, unsure if he’s trying to protect himself from the snake or from the impact, but it doesn’t matter anyway because his head is open and bleeding and—

Wade nearly leapt to his feet. His scream drew a loud, surprised cry from somewhere nearby. His hands flew to his face. Nothing wet there, but he could feel an open wound on his forehead and the thin crust of congealed blood. Breathing hard, Wade held his head in his hands. Springs creaked and groaned beneath him. The air was cooler here. It was almost bearable, though it had a staleness to it, the sense of a room that hadn’t seen occupation in quite some time. Slowly, he turned his head.
	He was in a jail cell.
	The walls were a beige-colored cinderblock. There were markings all over them, enough to do a pretty good job of disguising the crumbling gray beneath. Some were written in letters large enough to cover entire blocks, while others were whispered pleas whose words were all but lost underneath the desperate shouts of their larger counterparts. He didn’t need to get closer to know what they said. Their desperation was on display for all the world to see, and the underlying theme of every one was painfully, universally simple:
	Help me.
	“Oh….” he groaned.
	“Wade?”
	“I’m here.”
	“Thank God,” Tuesday said from the next cell over. “The way you went down, I thought they’d killed you.”
	“Where are we?”
	“The Colliston County Jail,” she said, with a strong hint of sarcasm in her voice. “Are you okay?”
	“More police,” he replied, half to himself. He drew the back of his hand across the brow, and immediately felt wetness dripping down his forehead. He’d brushed away the congealed blood, allowing the wet stuff underneath to start leaking again. Fresh pain made him wince. He tried to stand. His legs had turned traitor on him while he slept. They refused to support his weight and he tumbled back onto the cot, narrowly missing another knock on the head courtesy of the cinderblock wall behind him. The impact kicked up a cloud of dust. It went right for his nostrils. Wade sneezed it out, and lived to regret it: the sneeze set off an explosion inside of his head, all reds, whites, and blues. “How long have we been in here?”
	“A few hours. Maybe more. I can’t tell. There aren’t any windows in here.”
	He looked up. Sure enough, the only thing to look at was more cinderblock. “What happened?”
	“Does it matter? We’re stuck in here, the end. They said they’d be coming back for us at sundown.”
	“They? So there were two of them?”
	“One of them was waiting in the car while the other came out and hit you with the shotgun. I ran out just in time to see you go down. He pointed the shotgun at me. Said that if I moved a muscle, he was going to shoot. He made me get in the back, dragged you in with me, and now we’re here.
	“So my car’s here?” He checked his pockets. It was all gone, everything, even the half-melted Blistex he’d been carrying around since Topeka.
	“No. It’s still in front of the liquor store. They took us here in this freaky old cop car. It looked like it was made out of dust. I’m surprised it ran. And the guy who hit you…he kept leaning his head out the window to spit. It was disgusting.”
	Breathing through his mouth, Wade risked touching his forehead again. There was a little bit of moisture there, but not enough to suggest that he was still bleeding. That was good. It was something. He was trying to think through a fog, each thought a hazy ghost, just out of reach. The open wound on his forehead throbbed, punishment for his daring to try and think at a time like this. All at once he felt like he might pass out again. He resisted it. Consciousness was far too precious at this point. No matter how good it might feel to drift away from the world for a little while.
	And there was the other thing. 
	Shuddering, Wade turned to look at the pillow. It was an old, moth-eaten thing, nearly deflated by the passing of decades and too many heads resting upon it. A large, ugly tear ran down one side. Out of that tear poked a tiny grouping of feathers. And just beneath that, he could see the edge of a very old, very rusty razorblade.
	This time he succeeded in getting to his feet. They resisted, threatening to send him toppling back onto the cot again, but by some small mercy they held his weight. Just to be on the safe side, he grabbed hold of the cell bars. They were cold to the touch, coated in a fine layer of dust that reminded him of the inside of the liquor store. He half expected them to crumble as soon as his hands closed around them. The iron was strong, and held firm. Still, he couldn’t resist a hard, frustrated yank against them. He leaned his head against the bars and closed his eyes. 
	“I wanna go home,” she said. The springs on her cot gave a noisy squeal as her weight them. When she spoke again, her voice came from directly beside him. “I want to see my mom. I never thought I’d say that, but I think that’s what I want.”
	“Home,” he repeated. He tried to conjure an image of some place that this girl might have once called home in his mind and couldn’t do it. Strangely, he couldn’t do it for himself, either. They were children of the desert, both of them, without a past and, very possibly, without a future. The world he knew, the one that formed him, made him who he was, now seemed like a distant memory, a half-remembered movie with an uninteresting plot. All he knew was right here, right now. Some sound would be nice. The sound of birds singing, or of a car passing by. Anything to reassure him that outside of this building, life continued on in some form or another. There was nothing. Nothing except for the aching silence of a hundred souls who’d come before him and found the exact same thing inside of these four walls.
	His right hand crept through the bars. It moved slowly, testing the air. Making sure that it was safe to come out. It was followed by his wrist, his elbow. Tuesday’s hand was already there, waiting for his. Their fingers came together slowly, awkwardly, and then intertwined. 
	They stood that way for a long time.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Both were jolted awake by a loud, violent clanging against the bars of Wade’s cell. His head snapped up hard enough to send a fresh wave of pain through his body. He shut his eyes tight against it.
	“It’s time,” spoke a clear, emotionless voice from above.
	Wade looked up, into the eyes of a man who could be anywhere from thirty-five to seventy years-old. His hair was cut short, but poorly, as though he’d done it himself without so much as a mirror to guide his hand. Heavily-lidded black eyes stared down at him. He wore a tan uniform that would have been completely unremarkable, save for two things: the gun belt that encircled his waist, and the scrubbed-clean brass star on his left breast. Wade got to his feet slowly. He didn’t remember falling asleep. The man’s eyes had locked onto his and remained fixed, even as he spat a large, brown glob into the hallway. His right hand rose and, with his forefinger, he tapped the star on his chest. “Sheriff William Whitecrow, Colliston County Sheriff’s Department.”
	“Why are we here?” asked Tuesday.
	Whitecrow gave her the most cursory of glances, electing instead to focus his attention on Wade and Wade alone. “You were caught vandalizing private property. Not only that, but we also caught you stealing from said property. Both are violations of county ordinance eight-two-nine-oh-four-one, and are grounds for immediate detention until such time as the offending parties can be seen by a judge in good standing with the county of Colliston.”
	“A judge in good…” Wade began. Whitecrow spoke these words as if reciting them from a prepared text. His voice was deep but flat, completely uninterested in who his captors were or why they’d come into his town. “Look, we had no idea that anyone was even here. There were no…”
	“If it’s there, and you want it, then it should be yours?” he asked. “You were witnessed breaking into a store, and doing so with extreme violence. We watched you open a cash register as though it belonged to you.” He took a step closer to the bars. Involuntarily, Wade took a step back. Something had started to burn behind those eyes. A tiny fire, but strong. Hungry. “And did it belong to you? This money, young man, was it yours? Was this your property that you came to Colliston to claim?”
	“N-No…”
	“And the store. Do you have the deed? Can you produce it now? If you can prove to me that you are the legal owner of this property, then I have no reason to detain you, and you will be free to go.”
	“We didn’t know. We just thought…”
	The jangling of metal against metal cut his sentence short. Whitecrow didn’t break eye contact with Wade as his keys found the lock and turned. The tumblers fell away with a loud, rusty clank. Before pulling the door open, Whitecrow turned his head slightly and spat another brown glob to the ground. It hit with a thick, meaty splat that made Wade’s stomach turn. Wade’s cell unlocked, Whitecrow stepped away and unlocked Tuesday’s, too.
	“The judge will see you now,” he said. “Follow me.” Wade couldn’t help but notice his hand traveling down, to the gun holstered at his hip. The unspoken message was to follow, and to make not a single wrong move when they did.
	They remained a few steps behind as Whitecrow led them to a heavy steel door at the end of the cell block. It wasn’t quite dark in here, not yet, though Wade was sure that sunset couldn’t be far away at this point. The door opened, and Whitecrow led them into the courthouse proper.
	What greeted them there took Wade’s breath away.
	The hallways were bathed in a gentle amber glow, courtesy of the orate chandeliers that swung fifteen feet above their heads. The floor was of a well-polished marble. It caught the glow from above and then reflected it heavenward again, giving the entire hallway the appearance of one long tunnel of light. Clearly in his element now, Whitecrow walked with his hands on his belt, his back straight. It was all so clean, so normal. The first time she walked in here, Tuesday had wondered if they hadn’t just imagined the ruined town just beyond the courthouse walls. It was no different from a thousand other courthouses across the United States; a place which assured you that the wheels of justice still turn here, and are kept well-greased.
	Sensing their wonder mixed with confusion, Whitecrow said, “Your government decided that they had broken enough promises to my people, and they built us this town. All taxpayer funded.” He turned his head to the side and cleared his throat, his hand open and obscuring the lower half of his face. “We were a test run, is what I’ve decided.”
	Their footsteps echoed through the cavernous hallway. Click. Clack. Click. Clack. Further down, the hallway began a steep descent into darkness. Most of the bulbs here, Wade saw, were either long burned out or were lying on the ground amidst the ruins of the chandeliers that once had held them. This must be how condemned prisoners feel, he thought. Every footstep amplified by a thousand, every thought neutralized by the sound. You can see your own death playing out in front of you long before it actually happens. Down there, Wade was certain, was where they were going to find theirs. Whether by fall, by bullet or by blade, it made no realdifference. It was there, and it waited.
	“Where are you taking us?” Tuesday asked.
	“I told you. We’re going to see the judge.”
	The light ended much more abruptly than expected. All at once, the hallways was dark. Tuesday could feel the warmth of those burning bulbs at her back, but the second they crossed into the west wing of the courthouse her entire body convulsed in one great shudder. She brought both hands up and hugged herself tight, rubbing her arms as she walked.
	Ahead of them, Whitecrow cleared his throat again. And again the sound was followed by that of another thick brown glob hitting the floor. She tripped over something, a fallen beam, maybe, and was saved from falling flat on her face by Wade’s hand on her elbow. Obscured by shadow, his face was little more than a rough outline. 
	“Watch your step here,” Whitecrow warned, pointing at a great ruin of broken plaster and marble a few feet ahead. A look above their heads explained its source: a large section of the ceiling above them had collapsed. They were looking into what must have once been a filing room. A large, gray cabinet hung precariously over the edge. Tuesday stared up at it, willing it to fall as Whitecrow stepped around the rubble. Nothing happened. Her eyes on the filing cabinet, Tuesday followed.
	They came to a door at the end of the hallway. Whitecrow raised a fist to it and knocked twice. A muffled voice from inside told him to come in. Wade could feel his heart constrict inside of his chest. This was it. The door opened with the loud screech of a bat caught in daylight. Whitecrow stood aside, allowing them to pass.
	The office was well-kept. Its centerpiece was a large oak desk that sat upon a massive blue rug. In the corner of the room, a bookcase stood against the wall. It was light in here. Sunlight filtered in through opened blinds behind a tall man who could easily have been forty years older than Whitecrow. Thin wisps of white hair hung down either side of his head like capellini noodles cooked for too long. His mouth was long, his lips thin. There were no laugh lines on either side of his mouth. In fact, were it not for the tough, leathery texture of his skin and his too-thin hair, Wade might have guessed him to be in his early forties. He wore a long-sleeved blue shirt, its buttons clasped all the way to his throat. A bolo tie hung from his collar. He sat at his desk, hands clasped together before him, as though he’d been sitting here all day just waiting for Wade and Tuesday to arrive.
	“Good afternoon,” he said. His voice was surprisingly strong. Confident. “My name is Niyal Barnes.” He unclasped his hands and gestured to two seats across from him. “Please.”
	They exchanged a nervous glance, and then did as they were told. Behind them, Whitecrow again coughed into his hand. Barnes’s eyes fluttered and drifted away from Wade and Tuesday, up to the sheriff. “How is it?”
	“Fine. No better, no worse.”
	“I’m happy to hear that.” Satisfied, he turned his full attention back to Wade and Tuesday. Something inside of Wade threatened to shrivel and disappear under the old man’s unblinking gaze, but he made himself keep his eyes forward, his breathing even. He didn’t know where all of this was leading, but he’d be damned if he was going to give these men the satis-faction of seeing his fear.
	“You should have taken the razor, young man. Most have.”
	Wade could hear the question as surely as if Tuesday had asked it aloud. He shook his head. Not now.
	“There is nobility in sacrifice. My people understood that. Hundreds of years ago, when we were enslaved by that bloodthirsty monster Columbus. He consumed our gold, our souls, and he drank our blood. Mothers murdered their children before they could draw that first breath, just so they would never have to know a world in which they were slaves. Sacrifice, however, requires wisdom, which is what you lack. Wisdom is born from remembering the past. Drawing nourishment from it.
	“And yet, you…” He tapped a tiny flap of loose skin beneath his left eye. “You drown the past. You smother it. That’s why you have the knowledge, but no wisdom. You are a thirsty man in the desert, drinking sand.” Slowly, carefully, Barnes stood. The floor here was plain wood, and it creaked under his weight as he walked around the desk. Outside, the world droned on. In here, it stood completely still.
	“We had no wisdom, before. We thought we did. But like you, we were drinking sand. We were a small settlement, nothing more than a general store and a few houses. And then a man came. A white man who wore his tie straight and spoke fast. He made us a proposition. ‘The United States government,’ he said, ‘is willing to fund the building of a city here, for you and your people.’ He promised us clean water. Complete freedom. As you might expect, we were skeptical at first. Our people have made deals with the white man before. Always, we have found ourselves pushed from one place to the next as the white man claimed more and more of our land for himself. For months, the tribe elders debated this question. We were starving. The desert is not a good place for growing food, and those animals we were able to catch and kill were always small game. Not enough to feed a family off of. Why we stayed here all these years, I never understood.” He smiled, though it was a smile devoid of humor. “Maybe we assumed that this was the one patch of land in this country that your people would not try to steal from us.
	“Entire families turned against one another. And then, as most expected, the elders decided to accept the white man’s offer. It would cost us nothing, they said, and when so many of us were hungry and without adequate shelter, how could we refuse? Before, the white man had simply tried to push us away. What he offered now was assimilation into his way of life. Once, wise men said that when a river carries you away, you either fight against it, or you trust it to carry you to safety. After hundreds of years fighting the river, we decided that now, perhaps, was the time to trust it.
	“And so, they built. Thousands of trucks came into the middle of the desert, heavy with wood and stone. They didn’t try to relocate us. They built around us. We received a letter from the president of the United States himself, telling us that he was glad that we had decided to accept the government’s offer. He called Colliston ‘a bridge between our two worlds, where we can meet and clasp one another’s hand in the spirit of friendship and good will.’ In less than a year, we had our town. The trucks left. Water flowed freely from every faucet. We had an electrical grid. Supermarkets stocked with fresh food and promises of regular deliveries. Each family was given a single car to get to and from town. For a time, we were rich men.
	“And then, came the fire. We heard the sirens, of course, but they weren’t for us. They were for the military men stationed all around our town. Coyotes in the night, watching their prey. Only three buildings were equipped with shelters, and by the time the sirens sounded, it was too late. Very few made it, my mother among them. She, along with many others, was blinded by the first flash of light.”
	“Wait,” Wade interrupted, “just wait. What you’re saying…this can’t be true. We’d have heard about this. Somehow, it would have come out.”
	“And why should it?” asked Whitecrow. His voice was tinged with anger over this in-justice; an injustice that, Tuesday noted with a shudder, he was old enough to have himself witnessed. She thought of the pistol holstered to his hip. “Do you think the devil wants the world to know of the terrors he commits in the darkness?”
	Barnes raised a hand to Whitecrow and nodded, his eyes closed. Immediately, Whitecrow fell silent. “You must forgive our sheriff here. His mother was pregnant with him at the time of the blast. I’m afraid that its effects have left him with a permanent health condition. Sometimes his emotions get the better of him.
	“We walked out of our shelters into a scorched world. Most of the buildings remained standing, but others had been flattened entirely to the ground. The sky tasted of fire for months afterward. Later, we were told that the epicenter of the blast was seven miles to the west. That we were ‘lucky.’ Most, of course, disagreed. Disease ran rampant through our city. Men and women, children, dying in the streets. They kept us on lockdown while their doctors poked and prodded us, giving us their pitiful glances through plastic screens and white radiation suits. Parts of the town were quarantined—the western suburbs, mostly, where the blast hit hardest. The sky,” he said, his hands open and trembling, “rained death upon us. We prayed for forgiveness, but in our hearts we were certain that we prayed to nothing but air.
	“Some of the men talked about revolt. Of course, that talk came to nothing. At last, the white man had broken our spirit. There were too many guns. The white man has always relied on guns, and no matter that a gun is a weapon without honor. A weapon for cowards.”
	“It wasn’t the guns that they feared.” Whitecrow said these words proudly, as if daring Wade or Tuesday to contradict him. Particles of dust drifted around Barnes’s face, giving his visage the ethereal glow of something that is not entirely there. That might be nothing more than a figment of an overactive imagination. Tuesday sat with her head bowed. Her long blonde hair obscured her face as her shoulders gave small, spastic jumps. She was crying, Wade realized, but not out of fear. This was a pain that went far deeper, that could still cut. The most basic pain of all: empathy. Uncaring of how it might look to Whitecrow or to Barnes, Wade reached out and took her hand. A quick squeeze was the only acknowledgement she gave to his touch. 
	“Then, he came.”
	“Who?”
	“The desert,” Barnes replied. “It was the spirit of the desert. For two decades the white man had tested his weapons on his territory, but up until then it had only been the plants that suffered. Now, he told our elders, the white man had gone too far, and a debt was owed. He could control the winds, the sands. Tributes would be owed to him, but in exchange for these tributes, dignity would be returned to our people, our dead avenged. Tell me, how could we refuse such an offer?”
	Over Barnes’s shoulder, the sun had fallen level with the horizon. Night was chasing away daylight, ringing down a black veil over the room. Barnes’s face shrouded in shadow, he rose, and gestured to Whitecrow. He grabbed Wade by the bicep and hauled him to his feet. 
	“Come,” Barnes said. “It is time.”


CHAPTER TWELVE
Wade kept his eyes forward throughout the trip, with one exception: when they passed his Oldsmobile, still parked in front of the liquor store. The sight of his car just sitting there reminded him of the Pathfinder they’d passed on their way into town. One day, perhaps very soon, another hapless traveler would drive through Colliston. Would they see his Oldsmobile sitting there, its doors opened, its insides filled with rotting food and garbage, and try to leave? Or would they, as Wade had, stay to explore, telling themselves all the way that someone else was already here? 
	Seen in context, the remains of Colliston betrayed all the signs of a town hit by tragedy on a large scale. This wasn’t some forgotten outpost, left to be consumed by the desert. This was a mass grave. The buildings that had collapsed into the street were made of wood, not brick or stone. The roof had been torn completely away from one of them and lay in the street ten yards away, folded in half like a piece of paper. Even the sheriff’s car, which did indeed run, was a ruin, the single bulb mounted atop its roof shattered and jagged, its doors like rigid pieces of sandpaper. As they drove through town Wade would occasionally catch a glimpse of human-like figures retreating into old, dilapidated structures, their faces covered by scarves. 
	Whitecrow brought the car to a stop in front of a tall brick building. Wade leaned forward, trying to get a better look at it through the grime-encrusted plastic divider. He could just barely make out the words SECONDARY SCHOOL chiseled into the lintel above the front door. Neither Whitecrow nor Barnes spoke; their heads were bowed, their lips moving in silent prayer. When they were finished, Whitecrow coughed, then pushed his door open. Barnes followed a moment later. From his place in the back seat, Wade saw Whitecrow’s hand go to his holster, unclip it, and pull his revolver free.
	It was Tuesday’s door that opened first. Throughout the ride here her face had been a mask, cold and stoic. But as soon as that door opened that mask had begun to chip away, revealing beneath it the face of a woman who was certain that she was going to die, her efforts to survive to this point having been for nothing. It wasn’t quite hopelessness he saw there, but it was damned close.
	“Step out, please,” said Barnes.
	Tuesday did as she was told. Whitecrow opened Wade’s door, his revolver out and at the ready. The sun was almost down. The blues, reds, and purples of the sky on fire cast long, stained glass-like shadows on the desert floor. The steps leading up to the school, Wade saw, were chipped, entire chunks missing in some places. The door was securely bound by a heavy chain wound through its metal handles and held in place by a large silver lock. On either side of the building, stretching out and away to the furthest reaches of town, was a tall fence. The only way in or out was through a wire mesh door, from which they now stood less than ten feet away. Every spire was a black, gleaming finger pointing accusingly at the sky above. A single tumbleweed rolled past. The sight of it made Wade shudder.
	On the other side of the fence was a scene of unimaginable destruction. Dozens of buildings, blown apart and scattered into the streets. Entire chunks of housing lay atop the flattened remains of vintage cars, their tires flat, their insides dried to shriveled remnants of what they once were. And Wade realized that he wasn’t looking at government buildings or shops, but at the remains of an early-sixties American suburb. This is what they were preparing for. All of the politicians, all of those grinning salesmen peddling bomb shelters and cases upon cases of canned foods, every last one of them had this vision in the back of their minds, certain that any day now this imagined scene would become a grisly reality. And it had happened after all, right in the middle of the United States, orchestrated by those very politicians who had been so willing to suspend their humanity so they could study the bomb’s effects on a living, breathing population.
	“They put this up,” Barnes said from beside Tuesday. “A quarantine zone. No one was allowed past this point, not even to retrieve the ashes of their loved ones. Tell me, what kinds of monsters could put such thought and effort into such evil?”
	Tuesday didn’t answer. Couldn’t. Even if she could have conjured up the right words, her mouth had gone dry. The thought occurred to her that the very air she breathed was filled with the vaporized particles of a thousand men, women, and children, their ends having borne down on them with swift wings and burning with the fire of a thousand suns. 
	“William,” Barnes said, nodding to Whitecrow. “It is time.”
	Whitecrow removed a ring of keys from his belt as he walked with slow reverence to the mesh door. He found the right key and stuck it into the lock, but didn’t turn it. Rather, he turned back to Wade and Tuesday, the revolver raised and pointing at an empty space somewhere between them. 
	“It will be you,” he said after a moment. The revolver’s one black eye settled with unblinking finality on Wade.
	“No.”
	“It will be you,” echoed Barnes. He had taken to staring off into the great field of destruction on the other side of the fence. “You will walk to the end of the avenue, and you will come back.”
	“And…?”
	“Go,” Whitecrow said, opening the gate and stepping aside. “Now.”
	“I’m not going.”
	The revolver’s report was deafening against the stillness of the evening. A cloud of dust kicked up from a point about three feet away from Wade. Tuesday shrieked and jumped back. Whitecrow’s face tightened at the sound, and as he lowered his arm she caught him shaking his head at the weapon, a parent resigned to his child’s willful disobedience.
	“A tool for cowards,” Whitecrow said, “but if you refuse to walk, it will be your friend who pays the price.” A loud click sounded as Whitecrow cocked the revolver and another bullet settled into the chamber, ready to go.
	“Please,” said Tuesday, hearing the fear in her voice. Hating herself for it. More than that, hating them for forcing such a terrible sound out of her. “Just let us go. We won’t tell anyone about this place, we swear.”
	“We have heard the white man swear before,” Barnes said, his voice sounding far away. “He swore on the trail of tears that this would be the last time. He swore on smallpox blankets that we would be kept warm and safe. You trespassed onto our land, stole our property, and now you will walk the avenue.”
	“And…And then you’ll let us go?”
	Neither Barnes nor Whitecrow replied. The gate stood open, beckoning Wade inside. A voice inside of his head, one completely unlike his own, said with a grim, unsmiling satisfaction, You should have taken the razorblade when you had the chance.
	Wade stepped forward.
	“No!” she said aloud. She reached for his arm, but Barnes was quicker and surprisingly strong. He twisted her wrist hard, holding her arm straight and in place with his other hand. She suppressed a scream, tried to pull free of his grip. It was no use. The pain sent the fear running, leaving in its wake a bald-faced anger. “You don’t have to do this,” she said to Wade. “Just get out of here. Run.”
	“In this gun I have five bullets left, and I promise you, they can run much more swiftly than you can. Your one and only chance to buy your friend’s freedom is to do as we say. A tribute is demanded, and it will be you, or it will be her. If you resist then both of you will die, and you will die without honor. You will die,” he said, and twisted Tuesday’s wrist hard enough to elicit a scream, “as cowards.”
	“Okay,” Wade said, and took his first step towards the gate. “I’m going. See? I’m going.”
	Barnes released Tuesday’s wrist. She pulled away, the residual pain from Donald Byron’s duct tape manacles brought back to life by the other, far sharper pain traveling up and down her arm. She glared at him through tear-tinted eyes. 
	As soon as Wade was through, Whitecrow shut the door and turned the key in the lock. The tumblers slid home with an audible bang. He turned at the sound, back to her. Their eyes met for only a second, and then Wade turned back to the never ending desert before him and began to walk. 
	
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
What lay on the other side of the fence was, in a word, wasteland. To see it from the outside was one thing, but to walk amongst it was another matter entirely. The thought of radiation poisoning had crossed his mind more than a few times since leaving the courthouse. If there was any place in Colliston still crackling with nuclear particles, then surely this was it. He took each step carefully, eyes forward, fighting the urge to look at the destruction that lay on all sides of him. That such a place existed, and existed right here in the United States, was almost too much for him to bear. This was a town that had died a sudden and violent death, and whose corpse had been left to stand as a monument to the very worst impulses of human nature.
	There was a catch to Whitecrow’s deal. There had to be. These men were reluctant killers, but killers nonetheless. For Whitecrow especially, the ends always justified the means. But there was something threatening about Barnes and his silence as well. Despite the man’s age, he had a power to him that would make men much larger than he think twice before rising up against him. Like Barnes himself, there was much more going on here than met the eye. 
	Not bothering to look back, Wade turned off of the main street. He passed a violently twisted and bent metal pole. Still bolted to the top and crumpled against the sidewalk was a green aluminum plate that read WASHINGTON ST. A series of shudders ran through Wade’s body as he walked. He knew these yards. He could see through these shattered bay windows into the ruins of comfortable middle class homes. In one, hanging halfway out, were the remains of an Admiral television set, its shattered face gazing forlornly at the ground below.
	The further he went, the more certain he became that it wasn’t the houses themselves that made him so uneasy. It was the feeling of being watched. He could feel it in the air. He wasn’t alone out here.

Tuesday stood with her face pressed against the fence. She tried not to think about the gun at her back. Wade had wandered off of the main avenue a few minutes ago and had yet to return. Neither Whitecrow nor Barnes had said a single word about it, and that made her uneasy. Something told her that this was exactly what they’d expected to happen. What they wanted to happen.
	They had no intention of letting them leave here alive. You didn’t have to be psychic to figure that out. There was an energy that radiated from this fence that plainly told anyone who dared step too close that once this gate was closed, there was no coming back through it again. Barnes stood with his arms crossed over his chest, staring forward. He wasn’t looking for Wade at all. He was simply…looking.
	Please, just be okay, she prayed.

Wade found himself flinching at every corner, not sure what it was that he expected to see bearing down on him. Even in broad daylight and with nothing but the open desert surrounding it, this place had the feeling of a haunted house at midnight, with no moon to illuminate any of the creaky floorboards or decaying paintings hanging on the walls. The only thing here was death, plain and simple, and the truth of it lay scattered in sand-blown heaps all around him.
	He walked amongst the row houses, stopping occasionally to listen and regain his bearings. Not that it mattered much anyway. If he lost his way, he need only head back to the main avenue that ran like a great artery through the center of town. From the other side of the fence, this space had looked vast and threatening. But now that he was walking amongst the ruins, he was struck by how small everything seemed. The closer you are to the past, the smaller it all seems. On Pine Street he passed what appeared to be a military truck, flipped on to its side and sporting a large black spot on its passenger’s side that could have only come from an intense but short-lived fire. Clearly this vehicle had met its end long after the nuclear blast. He could tell that much from the skeletonized remains of Fords, Chevrolets, and Buicks parked in nearly every driveway, their windows long blown-out and their roofs crushed flat atop their bodies. Dust blew hard around them, encircling them. Wade struggled not to think about ghostly hands fumbling for their door handles.
	He stepped into a house on Jefferson Street. As he’d come to expect, there was an old television set against the far wall. A toppled bookcase lay sprawled across a couch in the center of the room. Some of the books had fallen to the floor, creating a great heap of tattered paper and broken cloth bindings. Wade stepped carefully through the rubble, as though afraid of disturbing some sleeping resident inside. But there was nothing here. Nothing at—
	His eyes fell on something just beneath the bookcase. Cloth.
	It was cool in here, but the sight brought an immediate rush of heat to his cheeks. He could feel them burning as he squatted beside the bookcase. Any minute now, he thought, a pack rat was going to come rushing out at him, or a hand was going to close around his wrist and squeeze until he screamed. 
	The piece of cloth came away easily. Nothing attached.
	A joint popped in his knee as he stepped away from the bookcase, the sound loud and seeming to echo in the silence of the abandoned house. It was nothing, really, just a little piece of fabric, and yet Wade knew it was so much more than that. He brought it close to his face, peering hard at it, trying to pull some meaning from it through the darkness. He knew that logo. Knew the stylized lettering, especially on the first and last letters. That logo meant that someone had been here recently, and that whoever it was hadn’t escaped intact. Thin, near-transparent strings hung from the last latter, only to be rudely cut off where the fabric ended in a jagged edge of torn thread. Yes, he knew this image, all right: it was the cover of Metallica’s Master of Puppets.
	His mind whirled as he got to his feet. How many? He’d wondered how a town like Colliston could have escaped notice from the outside world, and now he had his answer: it hadn’t. People had found this place, on and off, through the decades. Lost travelers, wandering souls…God knew how many people had come and gone over the last fifty years, not a single one of them being allowed to leave. But where were they? Buried? He took a step away from the bookcase, searching for any sign of recent disturbance. What he saw was far, far worse. Many of the books at his feet were stained a dark brown that must have once been crimson. Tiny droplets, long soaked into the cloth bindings. Blood splatters.
	A hard wind blew into the house. It knocked the front door off of its hinges with such violence that the crash echoed throughout the entire house. Wade jumped. Okay, time to go. He stuck the torn piece of cloth into his back pocket as he made his way towards the door, half-running, half-stumbling. In his haste to get out of the house the leg of his jeans caught on a nail protruding from the door frame, and when he managed to tear it away the nail claimed a tiny chunk of flesh from his calf. Just a little souvenir, he thought wildly.
	Outside, all was darkness. How long had he been inside? A minute? Two? And yet in that short amount of time the last rays of the sun had disappeared. The wind was blowing hard, sending jagged shards of sand right into his face. Wade brought his arm up and held it over his face as he looked around, desperately trying to figure out where he was. The main avenue couldn’t be more than a few blocks away, but the wind and the sand made it impossible for him to figure out just which way he was supposed to go. 
	“Straight ahead,” he whispered. The voice that spoke was higher than his own, the thought not his at all. But he followed the instructions, keeping his head down and his arm up as he struggled against the wind. When breath would no longer come easily he leveled his head against the wind and breathed through his mouth. The thought occurred to him that, because he couldn’t see more than a few feet ahead of him, there was no way that Whitecrow or Barnes could have charted his progress to the other end of the avenue. But then that other thought, this one more insistent than the last, retorted that of course they could see—that this wind, the sand, all of it—were just another part of the show.
	The wind stopped with Wade in mid-step. The sudden absence of pressure against his body sent him to his knees. His lungs, caught between gratitude and exhaustion, worked on autopilot as they took in great, greedy gulps of air. Ahead, the last ray of sunlight disappeared.
	“Let me go!” he suddenly shrieked, his voice high and full of panic, not at all like his own. “Please! Please! I’ll never tell anyone! I swear! I swear! I swear!”
	And then, as if in reply, a hand fell upon his shoulder.

Wade’s scream shot through the darkness like a bullet. Both Whitecrow and Barnes stiffened. Her first thought was, That can’t be Wade. And she was sure that it wasn’t. The words, the tone, they were all wrong. They hung from Wade’s voice like an ill-fitting suit. She looked to her right, at Whitecrow and Barnes. Whitecrow had just whispered something to Barnes, something that made the older man frown and shake his head. Though she couldn’t hear what they said, she could read Barnes’s lips. What he said to Whitecrow was, “No, it couldn’t be.”	
	A last lingering breeze blew the hair away from Tuesday’s face. The moon, full and bright, illuminated the empty avenue, the single figure kneeling in the middle of it. Shadows as long as dreams surrounded it, and then those shadows…shifted, somehow. Began to pull away. Before her eyes, they swirled until she realized, her heart stopping in her chest, that these weren’t shadows at all, but men. 
	Tuesday backed away from the fence, her eyes widening in horror. Yes, men, she saw, and not just men—some of them were noticeably smaller than others. Children. They reached out with the same jerky, zombie-like movements as the others, tiny flecks of sand and dirt falling from their bodies as they did. They moved slowly, and so silently that Wade didn’t seem aware of their approach until one of them had already laid its hand upon his shoulder. She watched as he scrambled to his feet, his shadow neatly framed now not only by the bodies of those who had joined him on the avenue, but also by the bodies of Whitecrow and Barnes. 
	Her eyes fell to the undone clasp of Whitecrow’s holster, directed there by a single dab of light reflecting off of the metal clip. From there she noticed Whitecrow’s revolver, polished to a high shine. 
	In the distance, Wade cried out. 
	Tuesday sprang forward, her fingers out and reaching, reaching. They wrapped around the revolver’s handle in a single, almost graceful motion, and pulled.
	Whitecrow was fast, but not fast enough. Tuesday had already pulled back on the hammer. Squeezing her eyes shut, she pulled the trigger. The blast echoed through the night and everything stood still…even Barnes, whose neck had erupted into a great fountain of blood that splashed across her face and chest. He reached for her, reached for the gun, before his legs gave out and he fell to his knees, then pitched face-first into the ground. A stray breeze swept through his thin hair.
	“No!” cried Whitecrow. He reared his arm back, and when it recoiled she was hit with a backhand that sent both her and the gun sprawling. Instantly her mouth was filled with old, rusted steel. She spat the vile concoction into the dirt, her stomach turning. Powerful hands closed around the collar of her shirt and the seat of her pants and she was being lifted, lifted into the air. The gun lay on the ground below, the moon still reflecting off of the polished metal, but it might as well have been at the bottom of the ocean for all the good it would do her now.
	Whitecrow’s fingers tightened, preparing to throw.

The gunshot snapped Wade out of his confusion. Hands…there were hands everywhere, grabbing at him. He couldn’t see into any of his attacker’s faces. Every time his fists shot out at one of them, they came away with handfuls of dust and sand. His lungs were constricted. It hurt to breathe, but he forced himself to his feet and shoved out with both hands as hard as he could. A body crumbled away in front of him.
	The faces were three-dimensional sculptures, rendered in sand, their expressions lifeless, their eyes a glowing silver. A woman with long, flowing hair that seemed permanently plastered upon her head lunged forward, her jaws opening to expose the strong, healthy teeth inside; the only part of these things that looked at all as they should. Those jaws snapped shut mere inches away from his face. Something else bit down on his arm. Wade screamed and pulled away, narrowly missing another set of jaws that had been gunning for his jugular.
	“He gives us life,” whispered a voice close to his ear, and immediately the rest of them took up the chorus, their ragged, sand-blasted voices rising as one in a maddening chant. “He gives us life. He gives us life.” Hawks screeched overhead, egging the creatures on, and in answer their frenzy only intensified. Instinctively Wade knew that these weren’t just any hawks; that these were Aru, overseeing his death, making sure that everything went to plan.
	A new rage grew inside of him, one so intense that he found himself recoiling from it at first. Not me! Not! Me! He tore his arm away from one of the creatures’ grip and lashed out as hard as he could. A head crumbled to dust, followed quickly by the rest of its owner’s body. The others had crowded around, blocking his escape. Wade dove between them. He hit the ground hard, scraping his chin in the process, forced himself back to his feet. Hands on him. Dozens of them. His shirt sleeve was torn away, its threads screeching in agony. 
	He ran. The odds as Wade figured them were high that Tuesday was already dead. At this point it didn’t matter. All he wanted now was to lead these…these things, right to Whitecrow and Barnes.

The spikes were frosted tips in the moonlight, desperate for heat. Desperate for blood. Try as she might to stare past them at what was going on further down the avenue, where the shadows wrestled and tore at one another, those spikes dominated her vision. Any minute now, White-crow was going to throw, and she was going to die. She accepted this with a matter-of-factness that surprised her. She’d been meant to die in the desert, she realized, just as Wade had been meant to die in that library over a year ago. Both had escaped their fates, but they should have known better than to run. Fate catches us all, eventually.
	“You see!” Whitecrow shouted, his voices thick with anger and, perhaps, triumph. “Your people did this to us! See what you have reduced us to!”
	Her body went limp, her weight bearing down on Whitecrow’s long, thick arms. She forced her gaze past the spikes to the living shadows beyond, to the moon high above that spotlighted the chaos far below. And, finally, to a single figure that was running for the fence as fast as its legs would carry it, the shadows climbing over one another in hot pursuit.
	Wade!
	Tuesday’s fingers curled into claws. Whitecrow, sensing this change in mood, tensed, and she knew that she had mere seconds left before he threw her into the air and she was impaled on those spikes. She came alive in his arms, kicking at him, writhing against his grip. Whitecrow struggled to keep control. As his right hand lost its grip on the collar of her shirt she brought her thumb down towards the center of his face as hard and as mercilessly as she could.
	The eye gave easily; her thumb was instantly engulfed in a warmth that was like nothing she’d ever felt before. She pushed still further, until she could see the blood running out of Whitecrow’s socket and down his cheek. Though all of this happened in less than a second, the moment stretched and stretched until it seemed that the two of them would be locked together this way forever, her body held high above his head and her thumb a permanent part of his face. But then Whitecrow let go, his hands flying up to his ruined eye. The last thing she heard before she hit the ground was the soft, jelly-like pop of her thumb being torn away from William Whitecrow’s eye socket.
	She hit the ground hard enough to send all the breath in her body rushing out at once. She coughed, gasped, rolled over onto her stomach, her nose stuck in the sand. Above, Whitecrow screamed and danced, each foot fall kicking more dust into the air. And there, a few feet away and detached from all of this, lay Whitecrow’s gun. 
	Heat fled from the desert night, leaving her with a chill that ran an icy finger up and down her spine as she pulled herself forward, her belly scraping along the earth. The gun. She kept her eyes on it, willing it to remain there, to remain whole and real until she could wrap her fingers around it. After a moment she was able to get to her knees, and a moment after that, she lunged forward with both hands outstretched. She gripped the gun easily, rolled onto her back, already raising it into the air, pointing it directly at Whitecrow’s chest. He’d been coming for her, but the sight of his own gun pointed at him made him stop short. The moonlight caught his remaining eye, giving it a menacing gleam that she didn’t like one bit. There wasn’t much time left. That relentless chanting continued on, threatening insanity with each syllable. And it was coming closer.
	“Well, well,” he said, almost thoughtfully.
	“The keys,” she ordered. “Now.”
	“Your people took everything from us. Even our honor. Now, only our dead have honor.” He squared his shoulders. That he could speak so calmly with the remains of his left eye little more than a lump of congealed jelly running down the side of his face left her with a terrible certainty that if she pulled the trigger, Whitecrow would simply evaporate and become one of those things on the other side of the fence. With that thought came the fear that maybe Barnes wasn’t really dead after all. It took only a second for her to glance at the stiffening body beside her, wisps of its white hair still blowing in the wind, but a second was all that Whitecrow needed. He reached out, and wrapped his fingers around the gun’s barrel.
	A loud bang, followed by a great and sudden burst of blood. Whitecrow staggered backwards. A blossom of pure blackness was spreading across his chest. He raised his hand to it, his eye wide and unbelieving, before he fell to his knees and then pitched forward. The scents of gunpowder and blood found one another in the air and came together, creating a vile bouquet the likes of which Tuesday hoped never to smell again, not as long as she lived. The sheriff of Colliston, New Mexico, was dead. 
	“Tuesday!”
	She looked up. Wade was on his knees on the other side of the fence, one hand holding onto the posts so tightly that his knuckles shone fish-bone white, even in the darkness. His other hand was outstretched towards her from between two bars. Behind him, the league of shadows crept closer, sensing victory in the air, savoring it. They had fallen completely silent. That, somehow, was even worse than the chanting. “The keys!” he shouted. “He has the keys on his belt!”
	Her hand fluttered downwards, fingers twitching, until it found Whitecrow’s belt. She fought hard not to look into his face. Any minute now, she thought as she struggled to locate the keys, he’s going to open his eyes, and then I really will lose my mind. She kept her eyes on Wade instead. The one advantage he’d had over the horde was that he could run; the sand that comprised the bodies of his pursuers was desert sand, easily broken, and none of them dared move too quickly. She could see their teeth, bared and shimmering and hungry. If she couldn’t get to Whitecrow’s keys, they would eat him alive, and all she could do then was listen, her mind slowly pulling free of the moorings that kept it lashed to sanity.
	A light, musical jingle came from Whitecrow’s belt, accompanied by the feel of metal beneath her fingers. She pulled as hard as she could until it came free, and then turned back to Wade. His eyes were wide, his fingers still outstretched towards her. Tuesday got to her feet and half-stumbled, half-ran to the fence. The key found its lock easily and she turned, at the same moment that the first of the horde grabbed hold of Wade’s shirt. She grabbed him with her free hand and pulled as hard as she could. For a second the two opposing forces struggled, but then Wade was stumbling through. He grabbed her as he ran, ignoring for the moment the mass of shadows that filed through the gate after them. They followed, their heads turning this way and that as they went, until Wade and Tuesday reached the Oldsmobile. As soon as they made it inside and the engine came to life, the shadows stopped, and they remained still and watching as the Oldsmobile drove out of town.
	One by one, the sand horde crumbled back to the earth from whence they came, until only one figure was left standing. Aru watched the Oldsmobile’s tail lights disappear into the darkness. His eyes narrowed, he turned and began to walk. The wind had caught the scent of Whitecrow and Barnes and carried it back to him. The smell made him hungry. But that hunger was buried beneath a simmering column of rage that bubbled forth from somewhere deep inside of him and radiated for miles all around. Cheated. He’d been cheated by that slippery little cunt who, by rights, should have been his long before she’d had so much as a glimpse of Wade Kanaan. 
	He knelt beside William Whitecrow, his lips pulled back from his teeth in an angry snarl. Whitecrow had always responded well to that look, with just the right kind of fear and trembling; the fear and trembling due to all gods. Now his expression was fixed, his one remaining eye already clouded over, his body stiff. Aru was no stranger to death. Death was, in fact, the one companion he could call his constant through all the years he’d spent trapped in this prison. A prison that had, by default, long ago become his kingdom.
	“That’s right,” he hissed. “Mine. And that little shit just comes in here and…”	
	He unleashed a great bellow of rage that shook dust from the roofs of the nearby buildings, that echoed and stretched. He shot to his feet and began to kick at Whitecrow’s body, kick at his head, until little bits of skull and brains were flying up with each impact. In the absence of Wade Kanaan’s dead body, Whitecrow’s would have to do. He kicked, and as he did the sand rose from the desert in a great column that blocked out the night sky. It moved through Colliston’s remains, its monstrous roar drowning out the sounds of collapsing wood and stone, of shuddering and tearing metal. The fence was ripped from the ground post by post and sucked into the maelstrom. All around him, Colliston disappeared as though it had never been. Aru stood directly in the storm’s eye, aware of nothing except for the satisfying crunch of bone breaking beneath his bare feet. By the time he stopped, Colliston was no more; it had been claimed by the desert sands at long last. All that remained was him, and the bodies of two dead men who had failed him for the last time. Breathing hard, Aru dropped to his knees again. He laid one hand on Whitecrow’s shoulder, the other on Barnes’s. Their bodies sizzled and burned, and within seconds were reduced to charred slabs of meat, barely recognizable as human. 
	As Aru fed, his eyes remained fixed on the desert. You had your chance, he thought. Now we’ll find out just how loyal that little bitch really is.
	Somewhere in the distance, as if in reply, a coyote howled.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
The Oldsmobile’s headlights shut off about ten miles outside of Colliston. The darkness made him nervous, but he couldn’t stand to drive a minute longer. He needed to sit back, collect his thoughts. Process. It all sounded so simple, so logical. Close your eyes and wish the monsters away. Not a half hour before he’d been trapped on the wrong side of a tall black fence while a sandstorm brought the town falling to its knees all around him, hands groping for him in the darkness, mouths open and hungry for a taste of his flesh, and yet that logical part of his mind that said none of this had happened, that none of it could have happened, had declared itself dictator and declared that this was the truth, so help you God.
	“Tuesday?” he half-whispered. Her face was turned away from him, towards the open window. Cool air blew in, making him shiver. Still, he made no move to roll the window up. As far as he could tell her eyes were closed. She was fast asleep.
	He melted into his seat, his thumb and his forefinger rubbing the bridge of his nose. The world had fallen silent, exhausted from all of the shouting and screaming. It wasn’t natural, none of this. If he were back at home he would be hearing the sounds of cars rolling past his apartment building, of somebody’s television playing in one of the other units. Phones ringing. Horns honking. Life.
	But this? He wasn’t sure what this was. The world was too big out here. Too big and too susceptible to chaos. Entire cities and towns had cropped up through the centuries to provide people with a sense of peace, of control in the world. Out here, it was almost as though the world, the real world, were laughing at this very idea. Tuck yourselves away, but in the end the beetles and the scorpions will always find a way into your sleeping bag, and always when you’re least expecting it. 
	Somewhere out there, Wade thought, there walked a man; or at least, something that walked like a man, could even speak like a man, but was something else entirely. It had been watching him this entire time, waiting. And exactly how far back did his history with this being stretch? His index finger traced a slow, almost hypnotized circle around the scar on his abdomen. A single bullet, one tiny piece of metal, and his entire world had been destroyed, there one minute and gone the next. Magic. In his mind’s eye he could see Mark Swope, the Glock clenched tight in his hand. It was empty, he remembered thinking, it had to be empty. But it was coming up, that tiny piece of metal inside just aching for a kiss. The shot came, but it didn’t come from the gun in Mark’s hand, and then he was on the floor, feeling his life flowing out of him. 
	He rubbed his eyes with one hand while reaching behind him with the other, searching for the bottle of Wild Turkey. He found it easily. He was already working at the cap before he noticed the label, faded but still readable, and felt the sand-encrusted texture of the bottle he held in his hand. Glendronach, 1958.
	You should be dead right now. You should be dead because you’ve spent the last year chasing death, pulling at its tail, and now it’s finally turned around and started snapping its teeth at you. And you probably would have been just fine with it if it had been you, all alone. Just fine with sliding that rusty blade across your wrists, watching that blood drip onto the pillow like—
	“Damn it,” he muttered, and wiped the back of his hand across his lips. He had to close his eyes before he was able to summon enough strength to toss the bottle back into the seat behind him, and even then he had to count to ten, and then twenty, before opening them again. The sound of gunshots, distant and echoing, threatened to crowd his mind. Again he saw the slumped and slightly overweight figure of Mark Swope. People moaning all around, crying, begging for mercy. Wade barely heard any of them, and in that moment, he was pretty sure that Mark didn’t either. It was just the two of them, alone.
	“I’m sorry,” he said. His voice cracked on the last syllable. It was such a pity word, such a small word. Sorry. Sorry about the nuclear bomb, Colliston. Sorry about the kidnapping, Tuesday. Sorry. Sorry. The single most useless word in the English language.
	His eyes shut tight, Wade clutched the steering wheel in both hands. He imagined Mark’s face staring back at him, eyes bulging and his fat, bloated worm of a tongue hanging out from between his purple fish lips. Sorry, Mark, he thought, though he wasn’t sorry at all, not even a little bit, not even as the rotten cocksucker’s eyes rolled up into his head and his hands fell away, as useless in death as they’d been in life. There, in the darkness of the New Mexico desert, Mark Swope died at long last, and Wade’s fingers slowly uncurled, his hands dropping into his lap with the flat, toneless sound of skin hitting denim.
	Wade sat that way for a long time, until sleep arrived at last to claim him. Tonight, for the first time in many, many nights, he slept dreamlessly.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Albuquerque wasn’t far away, though from where Wade Kanaan sat that night it might as well have been at the other end of the world. 
	Donald Byron lay beside his wife, one arm draped across her hip and his body pressed against hers. Sometimes he would wake in the night already hard, and with some gentle re-positioning he was usually able to open her legs just enough to glide inside of her. As any married man with a child knows, moments like these are few and far between, but Donald’s great strength, both in and out of the courtroom, was to take advantage of any opportunity. Sure, Dana wasn’t always as receptive as he might have liked, more often than not adhering to that age-old credo of grin-and-bear-it, but other nights, she would thrust her hips down hard on him just as he was entering, and from there would work hard to fit as much of him inside of her as she possibly could. It especially turned him on to watch her press her face into the pillow, trying to stifle the flood of moans issuing from her lips, afraid that Michelle in the next room might hear. Let her hear, he’d think, and that would only drive him to thrust harder, holding her hips until he could hold back no longer.
	Tonight, however, was not one of those nights. He’d been awake for nearly an hour, though he didn’t know why.
	Slowly, careful not to wake Dana, he rolled onto his back, taking his arm away from her body as he did. Michelle coming home at half past eleven might have had something to do with it, he thought, her hair mussed up and her lipstick smeared just a little bit. It was a good thing that kid hadn’t tried to walk her to the door, or else he might have done something he’d have to do a little bit of explaining for. But it wasn’t that. It was something else. Like he’d forgotten something.
	He’d picked up two this week. The most he’d ever done in such a short period. He’d dropped the brunette off yesterday, meaning there was a chance, albeit a very slim one, that she was still out there, wandering around. The blonde would be long gone by now, and good rid-dance. She’d fought him, had actually tried to bite him when he hugged her. He suspected that she was going for his ear, but their height difference hadn’t allowed her to make it up quite that high. Better for him. All the same, his shoulder ached like hell, and he’d spent most of the day wearing a turtleneck—a goddamn turtleneck—just to be on the safe side. He hadn’t had the chance to get a good look at the bite, but he was sure it was bad. It hurt too much to be anything but.
	He crawled out of the bed, stepping carefully so as not to rouse Dana as he stepped out of the bedroom and into the hallway. A thin shaft of light plugged into a hallway light socket split the darkness in half. Michelle liked to tell him that at thirteen years-old, she was far too old to be worried about the monsters that lurked in the dark, and each time Donald would smile, kiss her on the forehead and tell her it didn’t matter, as far as he was concerned she would always be his little girl, never once letting on that the night light wasn’t for her. Never had been. 
	The bathroom door was open partway. Donald stepped inside, waiting until the door was closed before he flicked on the light. The first thing he saw was Michelle’s straightening iron, still plugged in and set just beside the sink. Shaking his head, he hooked a thumb into his boxers and pulled them down. That girl, he thought, the sound of liquid meeting liquid the only accompaniment to his thoughts. If he’d told her once, he’d told her a million times. 
	Finished, he flushed the toilet, then reached out, intending to pick up the straightening iron with one hand while the other pulled the plug from the wall socket. He only accomplished one of those things before he heard a low, familiar voice whisper his name.
	He froze, almost dropped the straightening iron. It wasn’t until he looked down that he realized just how bad that would have been: the apple of her daddy’s eye had also forgotten to drain the bathroom sink. A shallow pool of soap-scummed water stared up at him, the bubbles at its core not turning, not popping. Just sitting there.
	“You’re not here,” he whispered. But when he raised his head to look at his reflection, the reflection of a sane, rational man, he saw a completely different face staring back at him. A face with eyes a glowing, predatory yellow. It stared out at him from a dark place; a place where the cracks in its face were made all the more pronounced by the shadows surrounding it. “What do you want? You can’t be here. You told me so yourself.”
	“The rules have changed a little bit, Donnie,” replied Aru. “And I’ll thank you not to tell me what I can and cannot do.”
	“Yes. I mean—no. No, of course not. I’m…” What? He was sorry? “I’m just surprised,” he finished, with a touch of meekness that he hated to hear in his own voice. “I got two for you this time. I thought they would be enough.”
	“Might have been, but I only got one. And that, incidentally, is also the answer to how I came to be here tonight. Someone picked up the other one. Someone I’ve been waiting on for a very long time. And you’re going to bring him to me.”
	“Who is it?”
	“Now, Donnie, I thought we decided long ago that it was better for you to not ask questions.” A cracked, shadow-enshrouded hand rose into view. Its fingers were closed in a tight fist. “You fucked up, Donnie, but for once, I’m glad you did.”
	“I didn’t!” he exclaimed, louder than he’d intended. “I dropped her out there just like I was supposed to, and then I drove away! It’s not my fault if you couldn’t get to her in time! I’ll find you another one! A better—”
	The fist in the mirror visibly tightened, and with it, Donald’s. He became chillingly aware of the heat emanating off of the straightening iron, and how close it was to the sink. Eyes wide, Donald Byron could only watch as his hand slowly made its way across the porcelain-encased pond. It didn’t stop until it was dead center, hovering maybe two inches above the water.
	“Do I have your attention, Donnie?”
	He nodded. Against the lump in his throat, it hurt like hell.
	“First, lower your voice. You don’t want to wake your wife and daughter, do you? Second, I didn’t come here because I wanted another one. I came here because you made a mistake, and I happen to be a man who believes that a man who makes a mistake is bound to correct it. Are you beginning to get the picture?”
	“I…I can’t. Tomorrow’s Monday. I have cases. I have meetings. I…”
	The muscles in his hand tightened. Threatening. Beads of sweat began to break through Donald’s pores and run down his forehead and cheeks. Even worse, he felt his bladder pulling up inside of him. Turns out, he wasn’t quite done after all.
	“You’re not listening. You say you are, but I can tell that your attention is elsewhere. So, allow me to help you focus.”
	“Please…”
	“I imagine it would be very traumatic for your daughter to walk in here tomorrow morning and find dear old dad sprawled out on the floor, still holding her straightening iron. That’s the kind of cut that leaves a scar, isn’t it? A very deep scar.” Donald’s grip loosened, but only a little bit. It took every ounce of focus in Donald’s body not to drop it in the water right then. “You know, I sometimes wonder if I might have made a mistake with you, Donald. The mind of a teenager is so much more malleable. They believe. And then they grow up. They get jobs. Get married, have children. They stop believing in anything that exists outside of their own little bubble.
	“I can pop that bubble for you real quick, Donald. I hope you haven’t forgotten that.”
	“I haven’t…”
	The pressure intensified. Slowly, the hand holding the straightening iron drew downward, until only an inch stood between it and the water. Already he could feel the electricity racing up his arm, riding his veins and arteries on a crash course right to his heart. He tried to grasp his chest. His doctor had been warning him about this for years. You’re not a young man anymore, Mr. Byron. And for the first time, God help him, he believed it.
	All at once, the pressure released. Donald had a moment of panic as the muscles in his hand tried to loosen. At the last possible second he was able to pull the straightening iron’s cord out of the electrical socket and throw it over his shoulder. It hit the door and clattered to the floor, where it lay like a coiled snake, staring up at him. One wrong move, one wrong word, and that snake would leap at him and wrap its plastic body around his neck until all the life had left his body. He shuddered and forced himself to look into the mirror. Into his master’s face. It was smiling, those yellow eyes delighted and gleaming.
	“Feeling better?”
	“Y-yes.”
	“Good. Now I want you to listen closely, Donald, because I’m about to make you the offer of a lifetime. The chance to pay off your debt to me, fair and clean. You’d like that, wouldn’t you, Donald? To be rid of me once and for all?”
	He didn’t move. Didn’t speak. More than anything, that’s what he wanted, but he didn’t dare say it out loud.
	“It’s okay, Donald. I understand. So for right now, all you have to do is stand there, and listen.”
	Donald listened. As he did, he felt his heart beginning to beat harder, stronger. By the time he walked out of the bathroom twenty minutes later, he felt very strong indeed. An hour after that, he was on the road.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Wade awoke the next morning bathed in sweat. The rising sun had hurriedly banished the cold from the air, leaving in its place a sweltering heat. His shirt clung to his seat as he leaned forward. He unrolled the window slowly, his mind still in that indeterminate gray place between sleep and awake. Yet he felt more rested, more at peace, than he had in a very long time.
	The first thing he noticed was that his mouth was dry. He opened his door and got out, taking the keys with him. His socks were brittle leather straps around his feet, each fiber biting and clawing into the sensitive pores of his soles. He tried not to breathe. The smell wafting up from his body was one he’d never imagined himself to be capable of creating. It was fetid, rotten stench. He’d planned to find a motel as soon as he crossed into Arizona. At the very least then he could have a shower and a decent bed to sleep in for a night. But as the old saw goes, God laughs while man plans, and if that were true, then surely the man upstairs was having a good one at Wade’s expense this morning. Part of him was glad that he hadn’t looked into the mirror as he left the car. If he looked anywhere near as bad as he felt, then he was one sorry sight indeed. With a yawn, he stuck his key into the trunk and pulled it open.
	Pulling off the shirt felt like shedding an old, used-up skin. Rather than toss it into his bag of clothes, he threw it off to the side of the road. He never wanted to see it again, not as long as he lived. The heat felt surprisingly good on his naked skin. He reached into the duffel bag, came out with a dark grey t-shirt with the Chapman University seal emblazoned across its chest. This shirt had a smell to it too, this one more pleasant (though not by much) than the one he’d just discarded. Wade slipped the shirt over his head and let it fall over his torso. The fabric was soft, and barely whispered over the scar just below his ribcage. The remembrance of it made him stop, made him pull the shirt back up, because for a moment he wasn’t even sure that it was still there.
	Next went the pants, followed by the underwear. He left them both off on the side of the road, happy to be leaving them out here in the desert to be picked apart and fought over by gangs of roving vultures. Slipping into a pair of clean jeans, even if he was going without the extra comfort of a fresh pair of underwear, felt good. It felt normal. That thought brought others with it; thoughts of Vermont, of his family. And to his surprise, he felt a tugging at his heart, a yearning to be back in that old familiar kitchen, eating a bowl of Corn Flakes while his parents watched CNN and argued about war, about Israel, about anything that happened to grab their attention that morning. He’d awakened to a world that made a little less sense than it had the day before, and he wanted the comfort of familiarity. 
	Enough is enough, he decided. No matter what, the two of them were going to find their way to the next city, check into a hotel (an honest-to-god hotel, complete with bellhops and room service), and they were going to call home. He didn’t know if there was anyone left alive in Colliston, and didn’t much care if there was. The town wanted to rot in peace, and that was just fine with him. But Tuesday deserved justice. She may have been a hiccup in the order of his little journey, but the fact remained that, at the end of the day, she was his responsibility. All he could do was what he’d promised: he would get her home safely. No matter that it wasn’t enough, not after what she’d done for him back in Colliston; it was something, and in this world the somethings mean a lot more than they’re given credit for.
	The last thing he did before closing the trunk was to reach inside and retrieve two bottles of water.
	He brought the trunk down, and the sound it made as it slammed shut could have easily doubled for Wade’s heart hitting the ground. He stared, unsure if this was a trick, or a mirage. He came slowly around the car, eyes focused on the Oldsmobile’s passenger side. His hand trembling, he opened the door, revealing only an empty seat.
	The bottles of water fell away from his left hand and hit the ground, then rolled off of the highway, forgotten. A Mazda roared past, its occupants two girls and a boy who couldn’t have had his license for more than a week. One of the girls gave a long, hearty “Wooo!” as it drove by. Wade heard it, but barely. The blood had rushed to his ears and he was beginning to feel a faint throbbing at this temples, a sure sign of imminent heat stroke. He turned away from the car and retrieved one of the bottles, unscrewed the cap and chugged its contents. It was warm and tasted terrible. He forced himself to swallow it down anyway.
	Its contents drained, Wade let the water bottle drop to the ground and cupped his hands around his mouth. “Tuesday!” he called.
	“—uesday…esday…sday…day…”echoed the mountains, hazy and distant.
	“Tues-day!”
	“—ues-day…day…ay…”
	He stopped shouting. The mountains that had parroted each syllable fell silent. For a minute he just stood there, facing the barren landscape, eyes desperately scanning the horizon for any sign of movement. Aside from a couple of crows, there was nothing. He didn’t know why he was surprised.
	Slowly, he stepped off of the highway, onto the dry, cracked earth beyond. The realm of monsters. Tiny little spruces and cacti, along with the odd patch of brown grass, poked out of the ground. He stepped around them easily (though keeping his eyes open for gopher holes and rattlesnakes), for the moment not minding the brain-melting heat aimed directly atop his head. He stopped about forty feet into the desert, his feet planted on a barren patch of ground between a tall cactus with one arm raised in greeting and a gently-sloping hill that would have been one hell of a good place to sit and watch the sun go down. He faced the mountains, and the mountains faced him, two staring one another down like gunslingers about to draw their weapons. The tallest of them, the one he’d been calling Sombrero Peak, seemed further away than it had twenty-four hours ago, though not by much. He’d made next to no progress getting out of this desert in a full day. His mind opened like the flaps of a puzzle box, admitting all kinds of ideas as to why that was, and the answer was always the same: Aru. This being, whatever it was, had influence over everything out here, perhaps even space and time themselves. How long had he been out here? To him, it had only been two days, but had the world continued to move outside of this place, the years draining away one by one? Would he even know the world that he returned to? He could see himself an old man, kept alive by some miraculous and terrible spell, driving in circles through the desert in a car that had stopped running on gas a long time ago. Something didn’t want him to leave. That was it, wasn’t it?
	I’ve been waiting a long time for you, Wade.
	If he’d had a gun right now, he would have drawn it and fired off six rounds, right into the heart of those mountains. For the first time, he saw them not as natural formations, but as the walls of a prison, high and impassable. And Sombrero Peak was the guard tower. If this was his prison, then it was Tuesday’s as well. She could walk forever, and still she wouldn’t be able to leave. In his mind’s eye he saw her wandering the desert, hunched and old, her hair gray and making audible scraping sounds as it dragged along the ground. They were, the both of them, prisoners. 
	Wade walked back to the Oldsmobile, and then carefully slid into the driver’s seat. The entire car had become a sweat lodge. The second his back touched the smooth vinyl it began to draw the moisture from his body. The door’s slam echoed through his ears a moment before gradually fading away.
	Wade’s fingers had just closed around the keys still hanging from the ignition when he heard it. A skittering, from somewhere just behind him. It ran from the passenger’s side of the car to his, its progress marked by the sound of crinkling fast food wrappers and that slick, slightly wet noise of tiny legs running across torn plastic.
	A year before Mark Swope came into his life, Wade, his roommate John and John’s girlfriend, Ellen, piled into this very same car with a weekend to kill and a full tank of gas. The original plan had been to head north, to Canada, but in the end they went south, spending the first night out at a Best Western just outside of Boston. The next morning they were at the natural history museum, where an overenthusiastic insect hander had reached into a case full of cockroaches and plucked out the largest, fastest-moving roach of the bunch and thrust it into Ellen’s hands. She’d dropped the roach with a scream, and it was only through Wade’s quick thinking that the insect didn’t end up a permanent addition to the synthetic rubber soles of her sandals. He’d caught it without thinking, enclosing it in the confines of his closed fist. He remembered the way its legs tore at the skin of his hand, desperately trying to dig a hole into his flesh for it to escape into. The roach was returned to its cage without further incident, but for the rest of the day Wade had felt those legs clawing at the palm of his hand.
	His palm was itching now.
	The skittering stopped, but only for a moment. When it started up again, it was crawling across a sheet of paper on the floor. He heard each leg pressing down on the paper. And he realized that just beyond that piece of paper was a wide open mouth of a cave, its vinyl and metal walls relatively cool in the darkness, and on the other side…
	“Jesus!” he shouted, bringing both feet up as he did. He banged his knees on the steering wheel, making it jump. Clutching one knee with each hand, he leaned forward. The overhang of the driver’s seat created a shadow on the floor, and as he stared something inside of that shadow came forward. 
	The scorpion was large, easily large enough to fit comfortably into the palm of Wade’s hand. Its body was devoid of markings or features, save for a long tail that tapered off into a point which dripped with toxic-looking green venom. Its approach was cautious, its eight legs traveling across the grey carpet with the slow, deliberate pace of a predator sensing prey nearby. Its head moved back and forth, scanning the landscape before it.
	“What the…?”
	The scorpion stopped. Only its tail moved now, swooshing from side to side, fast enough to create a barely-audible whoosh as it sliced through the air. A drop of venom hit the carpet. It was a small drop, too small to see, but immediately the smell of burning carpet rose up and drifted into Wade’s nostrils. He held his breath, his fingers digging into each kneecap. Every instinct told him to bring his foot down on it, stamp the little son of a bitch flat. It would squish easily enough. Yet Wade couldn’t move, because he was also certain that the moment he pried his fingers away from his knee so he could bring his foot down the scorpion would scamper a few inches away, just far enough to be out of range, but close enough to sink that dangerous looking stinger right into his ankle.
	With the greatest of effort he was able to pry the fingers of his right hand away from his knee. The hand holding it in place gone, all of the pressure on his muscles struck with full force. He had to focus hard on keeping his leg perfectly still, lest he further alert the creature at his feet to his position. He was now quite sure that it was flying blind, relying on sound alone for guidance.
	His hand found the door, slowly ran up its plastic side to the handle. He kept his touch light. The scorpion waited patiently, its tail still slicing through the air—swoosh swoosh—while Wade stared down at it. Another drop of venom hit the carpet. He prayed for a distraction. An eighteen wheeler rushing past, its wheels shaking the ground so hard that the scorpion at his feet would run around in circles, so confused by the vibrations that Wade would have a chance, even a split second, to throw the car door open and jump out onto the highway. What happened from there, he cared not.
	The pressure in his leg was excruciating. His muscles were begging for release. He kept a firm grip on his left knee but the pain was beginning to grow there, too. Sooner or later he was going to have to let go. The scorpion hadn’t moved. Its tail had stopped moving, too. Wade’s fingers were closed around the door handle, tensed and ready to pull. Just then, his right leg gave out and came crashing down to the floor. The scorpion came to sudden, violent life, its tail curved in a perfect arc over its head and poised to strike as it skittered forward. Kicking out with his right leg, Wade struck it a glancing blow while his hand struggled to pull the door open. That succeeded in throwing the scorpion slightly off-course, but it also caused the scorpion to strike out with its tail. Immediately an agony unlike any he’d ever felt, not even comparable to that of the bullet passing through his abdomen, shot through his leg. It was as if his veins had been coated with kerosene and a lit match set to them. The pain caused him to kick out again, and this time his foot connected with something solid. 
	The scorpion went flying, slamming into the side of the gas pedal with backbreaking force. Wade was hyperventilating. Not good. Breathe. Breathe. He had the vague notion that an increased heart rate would only accelerate the poison’s progress through his body. Grit-ting his teeth, Wade struck out again. The scorpion was ready for him this time. It reared up on its hind legs, preparing to charge, and as it did its tail came down once more, the stinger burying itself in the toe of Wade’s boot. He’d been in the habit since childhood of wearing his shoes half a size too large, and this morning that decision saved his life. The stinger’s poison-soaked tip ground against his big toe while the scorpion struggled to free itself. A burning sensation accompanied it which offered a momentary distraction from the agony flaring up and down his leg. Acting quickly, Wade reached down and wrapped his fingers around the scorpion’s wriggling body. Its tiny legs struggled fruitlessly against his grip. Despite the pain in his leg, despite the dizziness slowly enveloping his mind, Wade managed to take hold of the scorpion’s tale with his other hand. The scorpion, perhaps for the first time realizing just how much trouble it was in, struggled even harder. Wade held the tail tight in his left hand, and then wrenched the stinger out of his boot. The scorpion’s screech filled the entire car, a high keening that jabbed safety pins into Wade’s eardrum from a hundred different points. He squeezed tighter, feeling the soft jelly inside of the scorpion’s body stretch to bursting.
	Wade screamed, a scream born of equal parts frustration and agony. The sound drove the scorpion even further into frenzy, its entire body trashing against his grip. He looked at the door handle, knowing he would never be able to get it open unless he was able to crouch down and pull it open with his teeth. Instead, he placed both feet on the floor and pushed himself up. The extra pressure on his right leg opened up entirely new avenues of pain inside of him. He forced his thoughts away from them. Wade twisted his body through the open window, moving his feet to the seat as he made his way out, and then finally threw himself out of the car and onto the highway. The impact of his body hitting the ground made him cry out, almost made him lose his grip on the scorpion. Sensing this, the scorpion fought harder and more frantically to free itself. Wade got to his feet and ran across the highway, into the brush. All was scorched earth around him. Frantically scanning the scene before him, Wade had visions of himself standing here until judgment day, a scorpion thrashing in his grip, the two of them locked in an eternal stalemate.
	Those visions dissipated as Wade’s eyes fell on a tall cactus a few yards away. It stood with both arms up in surrender, its neck perfectly straight. It seemed to be staring right at him. The scorpion realized what Wade was going to do at the very same moment he figured it out, and it began to thrash against his grip harder than ever before. Venom dripped from its stinger and onto Wade’s hand, making him wince as he ran towards the cactus as fast as his legs would carry him. The adrenaline felt good. Rather than distribute the poison further throughout his body, running seemed to be flushing it out of his system. 
	The scorpion screeched once more as a score of needles dug deep into its body, then came out the other side. Wade screamed too, his scream more a cry of triumph than of pain. For the moment he didn’t even feel the needles penetrating his own hand as well, their deadly wooden points burrowing themselves into the soft flesh of his palm. The scorpion’s tail jumped once, a last mindless flutter, before falling still. Even so, Wade waited nearly half a minute before carefully releasing his hold on it. The scorpion’s body hung straight down. A light breeze rolled across it, and the tail waved. Wade leaned closer, squinting his eyes, searching for any sign of that toxic green venom dripping off of the stinger. Nothing. Using the thumb and his forefinger of his uninjured hand, he flicked the tail twice. When the scorpion still didn’t move, Wade breathed a great sigh of relief and stepped away from the cactus.
	Two needles had embedded themselves into the palm of his hand. Wade pulled them out with his teeth, spitting each one into the ground as soon as they were out. A quick glance revealed that the cactus had gotten him in quite a few places; the other holes were lipless mouths, complete with a clumsily-applied ring of red paint around them. 
	“Jesus,” he gasped. “What the hell…”
	“Ain’t one got nothing to do with the other, son.”
	Wade whirled. The combination of heat and pain had caught up to him and he lost his balance. He landed hard on his ass and a cloud of dust bloomed around him, there and gone in a second. Sitting cross-legged about twenty feet away was a man, only there was something wrong with his body. He looked like an especially well-produced hologram. In his right hand he held a stick, extended before him, only the very end of the stick seemed to fade into the air as though made of dust. He wore leather chaps over a pair of blue jeans and a blue shirt, open at the collar. His hat was set back against his forehead. His mustache was long and wispy and hung straight down from each end of his mouth. His eyelids were pulled down at either end, his face a wax mask, melting in the sun.
	“That’s right,” he said. “Sit you down a spell. Won’t do you no good gettin’ yourself all excited. Not with this heat. Man’s liable to get himself sick that way.”
	“You’re…”
	“Not real? Hell, I’m real, son. Real as I can be, I suppose. Tell you one thing though, I didn’t cheat. Never did, no matter what Mad Dog says. Dirty son of a bitch has been cuffin’ cards from the very start, he just got himself caught and didn’t wanna own up to it like a man. My old pappy, he told me a man’s only as good as the mistakes he’s willin’ to own up to, and if that’s true then Mad Dog really is the scum suckin’ son of a whore everybody thinks he is. But I didn’t cheat. Never have, never will. My mama raised me better than that.”
	Dizziness washed over Wade. He let it. When it was finished he pulled one foot from underneath his body and used it to force himself into a crouch. The cowboy’s eyes kept on him, and Wade was sure that the man really was melting. A large piece of his forehead fell away from his face and hit his knee with a sickening, barely-there plop. If the cowboy noticed, he made no sign of it, just kept staring at Wade with those dull, disinterested eyes.
	“You’re in his world now, love it or leave it. And if I were you, I’d be tryin’ to leave just as fast as I can.”
	“How? Tell me how.”
	The cowboy struck out with his stick. It seemed to hit something solid and jump back. For a brief instant Wade could actually see the fire at the other end of the cowboy’s reality, could see its sparks jump as the stick jabbed into a burning log. The cowboy glanced to his left, and Wade saw that that side of his face was now fully exposed bone, bleached a shocking white by decades in the sun.
	“Don’t rightly know. Feels like I did, once. Only time moves funny here. Sun never seems to set in the same place twice. Ask your questions quick, son. I’m not like the others. I can only stay a little while at a time.”
	“My friend. She’s out here somewhere.”
	“Ayup. She’s out here, all right. Can’t say where, though. Lots of ladies come out here, and none of them ever leave. Animals neither. You didn’t notice? Nothin’ survives out here for long. Not in his world. He just eats and eats, ‘cause he can’t never get full. Can’t never get enough energy to leave.”
	“Where are they? The…the ladies?”
	“Gone,” replied the cowboy. His hand rose and made a fluttering motion around his head. “I got lucky. By the time they dragged me out here, I was almost dead anyway. Bastards tied me to the back of a horse. I was too torn up to feed him. Only he wouldn’t let me leave. Said it was my punishment. I was worthless to him, so it was only right that I just sit here forever.”
	Wade’s ankle throbbed where the scorpion had stung him. He pulled his foot out from under the other and began to rub it. The cowboy watched, his gaze both near and very far away. A thousand mile stare. He jabbed his stick into the fire that only he could see once again, and again Wade was certain that he saw sparks jump. “I have to get out of here. I have to see a doctor.”
	“Don’t bother.” The cowboy gestured to the scorpion, hanging limp and very dead from the cactus. “Big ‘uns like that fella, poison ain’t as strong. You’ll be feeling a little sick for a while, but it ain’t gonna kill you. It’s a bad parlor trick. That’s his weapon. Only one he’s got. That man—assuming he’s even a man, or ever was—he’s a buzzard of the human soul. The best he can do is wait until they’re at their weakest and pick ‘em off. He’s trapped here. Has been for centuries. Folks always steered clear of this stretch of desert. The Indians, for example, and when we tried to force ‘em out here they fought us tooth and nail, til the ground was soaked in blood, theirs and ours. We gave him a jump. Maybe he’d been hibernating. He got a taste of human flesh at some point, and he realized just how much stronger it made him. But it wasn’t enough. He needs something else to leave. Something more. And whatever that thing is, you have it.”
	“I don’t have anything. Please, just tell me how to get out of here.”
	The cowboy looked up suddenly, as though having heard something from a long distance away. After a moment he looked down, gave his invisible fire a final, decisive jab, and then got to his feet. Wade followed, wincing as he did. Another flap, this one larger than the last, fell away from the cowboy’s skull, this time exposing a naked jaw. There were two dead teeth in the back, their innards filled with darkness. Wade closed the distance between them quickly, but when he reached for the cowboy’s arm his hand went right through it. He stepped back, stunned, while the cowboy only stared back at him. The left side of his mustache hung down from his face, the very tips of it brushing against his shoulder.
	“Please,” Wade repeated.
	“I wish I could help you, son. I really do. You need all the help you can get. Your only hope is to get in that wagon of yours and hightail it outta here before the greaser arrives. He’s weak when the sun’s out, but when it sets again, this whole world belongs to him. If you’re fast, maybe you can break through. But only if you’re fast. Like the devil himself is on your tail.”
	“And the girl?”
	The cowboy sighed, spat something into the ground, and then nodded to the east. “Thatta way.”
	“Thank you.”
	The cowboy’s body was simultaneously melting and dissolving into the air around him. First his legs, then his waist. Yet he remained upright, his body still supporting his shoulders, neck, and head. The air was still; no swirling wind, no dramatic flashes of light. Only Wade, the desert, and a ghost. His heart thumped hard against his chest, desperately trying to beat some sense back into itself by slamming into his rib cage over and over again.
	“This isn’t happening,” Wade said, half to himself. “I’m crazy, aren’t I?”
	“Son, right now I’d say that’s the least of your concerns,” the cowboy said, and disappeared.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Her feet were sore. Sooner or later, she was going to have to stop and rest. But not just yet. The diner was back here somewhere, she was sure of that. Maybe over the next hill…
	Tuesday struggled to keep focused on the task at hand, and right now that task was walking. Her mind could shut itself off at any time; in fact, she might have even welcomed that. Thinking is dangerous. The human mind has the tendency to make tangents, and tangents have a way of leading to dark places. Places where the sand blows as if it has a life of its own, where the sun looks down at you and laughs, laughs even as your throat cries for water and your body begs for nothing more than to just sit down for a couple of minutes, even one minute, just one minute…
	Stop.
	She ran her tongue across her lips. It was like rubbing two pieces of sandpaper together.
	The sun had risen at some point, but she hadn’t noticed until she felt the heat of it searing her skin. She’d been walking for hours, knowing that she’d have to pass through Colliston again, and though she was certain that she’d already passed it, she’d seen no sign of buildings, cars, or even old lamp posts. That was a small mercy, but it made her nervous. Had she gotten turned around at some point? Was she going the wrong way?
	To keep such thoughts at bay, she’d taken to repeating her own name over and over again under her breath, a mantra. “Caydence. Caydence.” That was her name. And right now, it was the only thing in the world that made any sense to her at all. The word “Tuesday” had just fallen from her lips when he’d asked her name, and as the day wore on and she realized that she didn’t feel at all like Caydence anymore, she’d decided it was just easier to let him keep calling her that. Tuesday was the last day of the week she remembered, the last day where her life could still be called normal, where she’d gotten a text from Jolynn down at the White Runner’s Tavern asking her to come out and she’d answered with a smiley face before grabbing her purse and heading out. 
	It all seemed so far away, now. She’d tried to figure out what day it was, had given up. It wasn’t important. What was important was finding help. Someone sane. Someone who would pull her out of this nightmare, rather than drag her even deeper into it.
	Her foot dragged a little too heavily across the ground, became tangled with its twin. She staggered, almost fell, and in her shock she drew a sudden, harsh breath. Her lungs reacted against it immediately, and the coughing fit that followed made her stop, made her double over and hold on to her knees for dear life while her lungs worked the problem out for themselves. When the worst had passed she forced herself upright again, breathed in. Again. There. The trick is to keep breathing.
	You shouldn’t have left. Naughty, naughty girl.
	“I know that,” she replied to the thought. “Don’t you think I know that?”
	She’d been awakened in the night by the sound of something outside of the car. Something big. All around her was darkness, and in it, somewhere, she could hear the gentle inhales and exhales of Wade’s breathing. He was fast asleep. Whatever was making those noises outside, he didn’t hear it. Her heart began to thump inside of her chest. Heat rose in both of her cheeks. She reached into the back seat for a bottle of water. The Glendronach would have been better, but that bottle was tainted for her. That bottle had nearly gotten her killed. Worse, that bottle was the reason two men she hadn’t even known existed twenty-four hours ago were now dead. And by her hand. At the time, it was justified, but now, in the dark of night, there was a cloying sense of guilt that took great pleasure in grazing its teeth along the back of her neck.
	She was in mid-swallow when she heard it. A low scraping sound. Coming from outside.
	The air around her turned biting cold all at once, an atmospheric iron maiden whose needles were as thin as hair follicles, but as sharp as knives. She shivered. It was impossible to tell in the darkness, but she was quite sure that if the overhead light were to turn on suddenly, she’d be able to see her breath rising in thick, foggy gusts from her mouth. She remembered a night when she was in middle school, back home in Minneapolis, when her father and brother had returned from an ice fishing trip, each sporting a nasty case of frostbite on their faces. She remembered touching her father’s skin and feeling that coldness trying to stab its way into her body; only the warmth of the family living room kept it at bay. That cold had caught up to her at last, glad to find her unprotected. It sank into every pore, its barbs finding their holds inside of her skin. Her heart beat faster, trying to keep her body temperature one step ahead. It was no use; suddenly her entire body felt numb, not entirely her own.
	“Cayyyydennce…”
	“No,” she whispered. She squeezed her eyes shut and held them there. “No…”
	“Cayyyyyyyydennnce…”
	“Not there. No one’s there.”
	“I’m here, Caydence. I’m here, and you should be too. We could be girlfriends. We’re supposed to be girlfriends. We’re all missing you here.”
	She reached out, not paying attention to where her hand was going. It found Wade’s shoulder and she shook gently at first, whispering his name and praying that whoever it was outside couldn’t hear her. When he didn’t so much as turn in his sleep she whispered his name louder, and then louder still.
	Nothing.
	Somewhere outside and below, something chuckled. Only it didn’t sound like a girl now. It chuckled the way a rattlesnake might chuckle, if its vocal cords and tongue would only work in sync long enough to string together laughter. 
	“Come out. Join us. We’re here all night. All night and forever. And we can dance until the sun comes up, and when it goes down we’ll just do it all again. The ghost dance. It’s so beautiful, Caydee. No fighting, no hate. Just music. All you have to do is open your heart and let go. We all want you. We all love you. That’s all we want to do, Caydee…we just want to love you.”
	“Go away,” she said, eyes still closed.
	“It’s no use fighting it. One way or another, you’re going to dance to the music. Sooner or later, everybody does. But you can come with me. I promise, I won’t let anything happen to you. All you have to do is take my hand.”
	She knew it was coming, and she opened her eyes anyway. She didn’t want to. She was painfully aware of how much she didn’t want to even as her eyelids peeled apart, exposing to her sight a small, delicate hand snaking up the glass of her window. Worse, at some point, without even being aware of it, her hand had moved from the door handle to the window roller, and was beginning to roll it down. The middle finger of the hand had already reached the open crack of her window.
	“No!” she shouted, and frantically rolled the window back up. There was a slight pressure at the top of the window as it caught on the girl’s finger, and then it fell away. It squeaked along the glass as it made its way down, down. It stopped at a point that was level with her face and drummed its fingers against the glass. Th-r-r-u-u-u-m. Th-r-r-u-u-u-m. And now she saw a blackness creeping up each finger, like a cancer. It was accompanied by the smell of cooking meat.
	“Wade…” she said. She reached out, shook him hard. He groaned but didn’t wake. That sound again. That dry, rattlesnake rasp, masquerading as laughter.
	“He won’t pick you. It’s not in his nature. When we ask for you, he’ll give you to us. If it’ll save his life, he’ll feed you to us and toast you while we eat you alive. Every little bit. We don’t waste a thing. We’ll make knives of your bones and use them to tear you apart. We’ll feed you your own skin.” The voice wasn’t a girl’s anymore. It wasn’t anything, just a mean-spirited residue of sound formed into words. “We can’t touch him but we can touch you, and let me tell you this, little Caydee, we want to touch you. We want to touch you everywhere…”
	Her hand found the door handle once again. She twisted around in her seat.
	Don’t do it. Don’t even think about it.
	Too late. Her muscles were already tensed. Ready to move. One, two…
	She pushed hard against the door at the same moment she pulled back on the handle, putting all of her weight into the shove. Perhaps on some level she hadn’t really expected to hit anything, because how could anything be out there? And certainly not anything whose fingers turned black in an instant, that sounded like some horrible crossbreed between human and reptile. Stress, that was it. She’s killed two men today. She’d escaped another who wanted to kill her not three days before that. People go insane from far less every day. So there was nothing outside. There couldn’t have been, and as soon as that door opened and she hit only dead air, she would realize that. 
	The door collided with something solid. It had weight. It made no sound as the door slammed into its body. It fell backwards. Just before she slammed the door shut again Tuesday saw dust flying up from the thing’s impact with the ground. Quick as a snake, it leapt back to its feet. Two silver eyes stared out at her from the darkness. The only other indication of color in the girl’s form was her hair, once auburn, now charred and cracked. She stood tall, with shoulders straight and her head high, and that only drew more attention to the way her body slanted noticeably to the left, as though she was missing an inch or two from one of her legs.
	“It’s real easy, Caydee. You get out, and I’ll let you walk around the car. I promise, I won’t lay a hand on you. All I want you to do is open the door, pull your friend out, get in the car again and drive away. You pissed him off. He wants Wade, but you pissed him off and now he wants you too. Your one and only chance to leave this desert alive is to do as I say.”
	“Wh-what are you?”
	The girl-form smiled. Tuesday was sure that that creaking sound she heard was the girl’s tendons, screaming and crying out in protest. Her teeth were white, so white that they were almost transparent. If she looked hard enough, Tuesday was sure that she could have seen the black slug that was her tongue between them, resting lazily on the floor of her mouth.
	“I’m you. I’m all of them.” Just over her shoulder, a bolt of lightning split the sky apart with a blinding flash. It brought into terrible relief the spaghetti strap of her shirt hanging off of her shoulder, and why shouldn’t it? Most of her shoulder had been chewed away, so that only the bone shone through.
	“Your alternative is, you can take your chances. I thought I could. I thought, the desert can’t be that big, can it? But take it from me—the desert is just as big as he wants it to be. He can stretch it out into forever, or compress it to the size of a needle point.” The first drops of rain hit her skin. At first they rolled right off of her, but as more and more drops fell Tuesday saw that the girl was being absorbed into the monsoon. The last thing she said was, “He’s not going to choose you,” and then she was gone.
	Tuesday didn’t sleep again. She sat in the passenger’s seat with her fists clenched, watching the sky turn from black to purple to red to orange to brilliant gold. Morning threw the entire world into sharp relief, a great beacon that illuminated every shadow under which monsters might be hiding. She waited nearly an hour before at last mustering enough courage to push the door open and step out into the sunlight. Wade turned his head away from her as she got out. From there it was easy: she started walking and didn’t stop.
	Now she was beginning to regret that decision. Not only because she was tired. Not only because it was hotter than hell out here. She regretted that decision because it brought her right back to square one. Funny how, in less than a day, she’d forgotten just how lonely this place was. Her feet ached. She pulled off the long-sleeved shirt she’d been wearing and let it fall. The circlets around her wrist were beginning to fade. That, or her skin was being burned an even darker shade of bronze. The kind that comes with its own special case of skin cancer to boot. But that was another concern, for another day. Right now the only thing she could do was keep one foot moving in front of the other, over and over again. Closing her eyes, Tuesday let her head fall. Her hair swung heavily in front of her face. Its twisted, tangled knots batted back and forth against her face. Was this what all the others had felt? That same weary, battered resignation? And there were others. Of that, she was absolutely sure. Other women who’d run into the wrong man on their way home one night, who were knocked out, stolen into the night, and then left to meet their ends, alone, in the desert. It was a sick, cheap feeling. She may be just another number, but she was aware of it. That had to count for something, didn’t it? She posed the question to the sky, waited for answers. None were forthcoming. They never are.
	Her fingers curled around a knot of empty air at the base of her throat. Until a few days ago, a golden cross had hung there. A cross given to her by her grandfather just before he died. She hadn’t worn it out of faith; faith in God is often a cheap substitute for faith in yourself, and that was a faith that her grandfather had been instrumental in her developing. The cross was a tribute to a man who never made demands on her love, who told her that she was special, and that he loved every part of her. Worse than the kidnapping, worse than the beatings, was the loss of that cross. She didn’t know where it had disappeared to. Most likely, it was lying underneath the driver’s seat of that sick son of a bitch’s car. The thought filled her with rage.
	I want to see you, she thought. I want us to look into each other’s eyes one more time, and then I want to tear them out of your head and tell you that you’re free, and there’s a town not far from here if you can find it, if you can find it…
	A low, barely-there buzz cut through the thought. At first she didn’t register it. The desert can be a noisy place. Even in its silence, it hums. She kept walking, her mouth set in a hard, angry line. She wasn’t going to die out here, she decided. Not a chance in hell. Not without seeing him again, just one more time. The buzz drew closer, growing so loud that at last her head rose, her neck creaking as it did. She turned around, her eyes growing wide as she did. 
	The car was a red speck on the horizon. Waves of heat surrounded it, making it shimmer. At first, Tuesday wasn’t sure it was there at all. But then it outran the heat waves, and now she could see the definition of its lines, could better hear the roar of tires on asphalt. Behind the wheel sat a young man, looking out at her from behind a pair of glasses.
	A wave of excitement washed over her. As much to fight the dizziness that followed as to get the driver’s attention, both of her hands shot into the air, and then she was screaming at the top of her lungs, “Over here! Hey!”
	The car came closer, coming fast. A car seat was plainly visible through the windshield. The man’s lips were a perfect O, his eyes wide and excited, laughing, as he watched his child giggling in the rearview mirror. Every window was down. She could actually hear him making baby sounds, and the child’s high-pitched, delighted laughter.
	The car wasn’t slowing down.
	“Hey! Stop!”
	“—and then the bear—”
	“Hey!”
	He isn’t going to stop, whispered a voice she didn’t recognize. It seemed to be coming from somewhere deep inside of her. Not for you, Caydee.
	Tuesday stepped onto the highway. The car wasn’t more than twenty feet away from her, and approaching fast. Mouthing a silent prayer as she did, Tuesday threw herself directly into its path. 
	In the instant before she leapt, Tuesday braced herself for the possibility that the driver wouldn’t see her, wouldn’t stop, and instead of rescue she would find herself lying on the road, broken and bloodied and helpless to do anything but watch as the car, with one terrified driver and a screaming child inside of it, continued on its way. The smell of her rotting would call scavengers as surely as if she’d rung a dinner bell, and perhaps the last thing she’d see was the beak of some great, ugly buzzard as its head darted forward, aimed right for her eyes.
	None of that happened, however. She hit something, all right, but whatever it was had the give of a brand new trampoline. It sent her flying backwards, back onto the side of the road. She landed on her side. The wind was knocked out of her in one great rush that made her eyes water. By the time her vision cleared, the red car was long gone.
	She lay there a long time, unaware of anything except for the fact that she’d leapt, she’d leapt and she’d hit something and was thrown right back to the ground. When she felt she could stand again, she forced herself to her feet. She was bleeding. There was a long, ugly scratch that wound its way around her left arm. She didn’t remember rolling, but roll is what she’d done. By the time she made it back to the side of the road the blood was flowing freely. She pressed her hand against it and held it there. Applying pressure, Tuesday raised her wounded arm and, with index finger extended, reached out. Was it some kind of an electrical field? Her mind flashed back to the girl outside of Wade’s Oldsmobile the night before, and the burning smell that came with her. It was a horrible way to die, and for all she knew, that girl had died because she’d done exactly what Tuesday was about to do.
	There was nothing. Her finger met no resistance. Slowly, with legs tensed and ready to send her flying back to the safety of the desert dirt if she was wrong, she made her way to the faded yellow line that bisected the highway lengthwise. A tall rock face jutted out of the earth directly across the road. Only a couple of feet separated it from the highway’s edge, and she walked to it carefully. Still, nothing. When she made it across, she pressed her body against the rock face and closed her eyes. 
	The tears came quickly, falling down each cheek like the trickle of a mountain stream running dry. And why not? Every person comes with a lifetime quota of tears. Over the past few days she’d become certain that she’d used up all of hers and then some. She couldn’t help but feel the faintest twinge of relief at being wrong.
	She slammed her fist into the rock face. Waited. After a few seconds she decided it didn’t really hurt all that much at all and did it again, again. Her teeth clicked together with each impact and her heart leapt but all the same it felt good, and she kept doing it. The tears flowed, dropping onto her fingers, the blood flowing from the cuts the rock made, hitching a ride down to the earth with them. Her screams drowned out the sound of the next car approaching, but even if she’d heard it, she wouldn’t have cared because it was too late, it was all too late and now there was nothing left to do but wait, and hope that when the end came it was going to be quick. That’s why she didn’t jump when a hand fell on her shoulder: because she knew that the end had arrived, and despite herself, she was glad of it.
	“Hey, hey,” said Wade. He gently turned her away from the rock, now streaked with blood. “Hey.”
	Her eyes rose to meet his and then fell away again, as though exhausted by the effort. “We’re never getting out of here,” she said. It was the blubbering, baby sob of a child and she hated the way it came out of her mouth, like a bubble of air that she might have choked on otherwise. “We’re going to die out here.”
	“No,” he replied. He wrapped his arms around her and she went into them gratefully, uncaring of the sobs that wracked through her body. Wade ran his hand down her hair, petting her. “We’re not. I promise you, we’re getting out of here right now.” He gave her a moment to calm down, and then took her hand and began leading her towards the car. Tuesday walked with the heavy, shambling gait of the somnambulist, but when he opened the passenger’s side door for her she got in, not so much as looking up when he closed the door after her. 
	He was walking around to the other side of the car when he heard the rumble of another vehicle approaching. It came slowly, the driver taking his time. Tuesday must have heard it too, because when he looked through the windshield at her, her head was up and her eyes were wide. 
	She mouthed a single word: No. 
	Wade stepped away from the car, glancing back at her only once as he walked out into the middle of the road. His arms were already rising from his sides to flag the other vehicle down when a loud, sudden burst of sound came at him from the car horn. Wade turned back to the Oldsmobile. Tuesday was already in the driver’s seat, her hands white knuckle tight around the steering wheel. 
	“Get in the car!” she screamed. “Get in the fucking car!”

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Carlos was up long before the sun rose. As it turned out, there wasn’t enough sleep to go around that night. Every time it came within his grasp, his thoughts would turn to Aurimar, to Itchy, to his old friend’s face as he fell away from earth and, for a few seconds at least, became one with the air. Plenty of men had looked into his eyes in the moments before they died, but Carlos was certain that only one was going to haunt him for as long as he lived. Coming up, he’d taken great pleasure in the idea that every man he killed would become his slave in the afterlife. Now, he found the exact opposite to be true. He was the slave, to every one of them, and would be until Judgment Day.
	Not a word was spoken among the Black Death gang when they returned to the dilapidated shack they called home. The first thing Carlos did was to pull Itchy’s mattress outside, douse it in gasoline, and toss a burning match onto it. Then he sat in a corner of the shack, alone, while the others silently passed a pipe back and forth.
	Now he was standing at the window, staring outside at what remained of Itchy’s mattress. It was cool in here, partly because they made a point of keeping the shades drawn at all times. The shack got its fair share of stale desert air, and more than a few nocturnal visits from the pack rats who called this patch of land home, but it was the place to be if you didn’t want to be found. Their power came courtesy of a General Electric generator they kept outside, shaded from the sun by an old store awning that still read SHORE’S PAWN AND ANTIQUES. Keeping it gassed up was the main concern out here. The rows of marijuana plants that occupied the kitchen needed constant light, and that wasn’t cheap.
	“What’s up, Los?”
	He glanced at Danny, then back out the window. “How long you been up?”
	“Not too long. Went out back and had a piss. I woke up with my shit stretched so tight I thought it was gonna blow up. Almost didn’t make it.”
	Carlos nodded. Behind him, he heard the flick of a lighter being struck, and then the low, gentle sizzle of a cigarette tip meeting flame. The same sequence of sounds was repeated a moment later. Carlos took the offered cigarette from Danny’s hand and inhaled. These cigarettes were the very last left from a carton they’d stolen from a liquor store last month. They tasted like chalk dust.
	“You’re thinking of Itchy,” Danny said.
	“Yeah.”
	They stood there, smoking in silence a few minutes. Then Danny asked, “Did I ever tell you that my mom used to take in stray cats?”
	“No.”
	“By the time I was twelve I think we had like seventeen of the little fuckers living under our porch. You’d get woken up in the middle of the night by a couple of them fighting or fucking and you’d just wanna bash their little kitty heads in with a hammer, but then you’d go outside, they’d all run to you, all purring, rubbing their faces up against you. People talk a lot of shit about cats, you know? They’re independent. Dogs? They’re for people who like to give orders. I’ve been a cat person my whole life. That’s really the only thing about this place that bugs me, sometimes. No cats.”
	“We’ll get you a stuffed toy on our next run, Danny. They’re just as good.”
	Danny blew a jet of smoke out through his nostrils and smiled. “I had this one, Ashtray. All black and brown and gray. I’m pretty sure he was only a few months old, because he was this tiny little thing. High little meow. Cute as hell.
	“There was this kid I used to pal around with, named Bobo. He was one of those guys, always acting harder than he was. Thought he was Tony Montana and shit. We got along pretty well. First cigarette I ever had, we stole out of his older brother’s dresser. That kid was like my brother for a long time.
	“Then one day, I’m coming home from school, just walking up to the house, when I hear this loud screech. Just one screech, you know? And then nothing. But I knew the sound as soon as I heard it. I run over to Bobo’s yard, and I see his big, ugly ass pit bull, and he’s got Ashtray between his teeth and shaking him around. That fuckin’ dog, man, he just about bit my cat right in half. Ashtray gives this one last little squeak, and that’s it. He’s gone. And I’m standing there with my hands in fists, just staring, and Bobo’s sitting on his porch, watching his motherfuckin’ pit bull eat my cat. Punk ass tricked Ashtray out from under the porch, carried him over and threw him to his dog, just so he could watch something die. The littlest cat, and Bobo picks him. That’s what kind of a bitch he was. It took three people to pull me off of him, and by the time they did Bobo’s head was busted wide the fuck open. Kid stuttered every single day after that. But if they hadn’t? I would have killed him. I’d have left him for that fuckin’ pit bull of his, and then I would have snapped its neck.”
	“This story got a point, Danny?”
	Danny sighed, and said, “My point is, you did the right thing. You know I loved Auri, man. We all did. But I ain’t under any illusions that she was anything but a little kitten. She wasn’t hard. That’s what I liked about her. She wasn’t—”
	“She wasn’t like us.”
	“No, man. She wasn’t like us at all.” Danny finished his cigarette and let it fall to the floor, then stamped it out with the toe of his boot. “Itchy lied to us for a long time. He betrayed us. You. In the big scheme of things, he got off easy. People like him and Bobo, they can’t be allowed to just hurt for the fun of it and think that there ain’t gonna be consequences for it later. Straight up, Los, if it’d been up to me, I would have tied him to the back of my bike and dragged his ass all the way out to the cliffs.”
	“Is this supposed to make me feel better?”
	“No. People like us, we don’t get to sleep easy at night. That’s the only thing that keeps us from being like Itchy. Because people like Itchy need to die, every time.”
	This discussion was wearing on Carlos. He didn’t need sermons, or motivational pep talks. What he needed to do was get back to work. Wounds heal with time, but only if you pick yourself up and keep moving. It’s the only way to live. His cigarette finished, Carlos let it drop and stamped it out.  “We got fucked up yesterday. We’re gonna have to go out today. Give it another try.”
	“Diner?”
	“No, man. Not after yesterday.”
	“So what, then? We can’t rob a bank. Their security’s too good. At least one of us will get caught.”
	“Not a bank either. Get everybody up. We’ll go riding, and we’ll see what happens.”
	“Los, man. I’m thinking a diner’s the best way to go. We don’t need all that much cash, and the security in those places is for shit. Nobody expects to get hit up in the middle of their lunch. It’s been working for us so far…”
	“Yeah, and now I’m saying that we’re gonna try something new. Think.” He tapped his temple with the tip of his index finger. “We start hitting the same places over and over again, sooner or later somebody’s gonna wise up, and then we risk walking into a trap no matter where we go. We gotta mix it up a little.”
	“There aren’t any other places around here…”
	Carlos was just turning away from him, filling his lungs with air to sound the rising call. Now he turned back to Danny, his eyes narrowed. “What are you doing, Danny? Huh?”
	“Look, all I’m saying is…”
	“I know what you’re saying. In case you haven’t noticed, we’re in the middle of nowhere. That’s the only thing we got going for us. We can go anywhere we want, and there’s nobody we know who can lead the cops back to our place. You understand? Those guys are really gonna have to want us. I wanna go in, get enough cash to keep our operation going until we can sell some of this shit, and get out, no problems and no questions asked. Now if you have a problem, you’re welcome to go off and do whatever you wanna do, just so long as you don’t expect to come back here after. As long as I’m running things around here, you do what I say. We clear?”
	“Yeah,” Danny said with a sigh. “Yeah, Los, we’re clear.”
	“Good,” Carlos replied. “Get everybody up. We roll out in five minutes.”

CHAPTER NINETEEN
The Ford slowed as it approached. Everything about the car—its well-polished body, the oval at the center of its grille, the dust swirling around its tires—was the stuff of nightmares. And the king of those nightmares sat in the driver’s seat, leaning in close to the windshield and wearing the sick, hungry grin of the predator closing in on its kill.
	“He found me,” Tuesday gasped. Her chest rose and fell in violent waves. “Oh god, he found me…”
	The Ford’s engine roared, and then the car suddenly shot forward. At that same moment Tuesday’s foot found the gas and pushed for all it was worth. A great shudder ran through the entire vehicle as the Ford struck the Oldsmobile a glancing blow on the driver’s side. Tuesday shrieked and jerked hard on the wheel. The Oldsmobile fishtailed before running partway off of the road. Only the quick application of brakes saved it. The Ford, meanwhile, came to a halting stop about ten feet behind them.

	While Tuesday fought to get the Oldsmobile back onto the road, the Ford just sat there with its engine idling. It took only a few seconds, but to Wade those seconds felt like hours. He didn’t need to be told who was behind that wheel. Some part of him had been expecting this to happen. How could it not? Fate deals bad hands all the time, but never with quite as much malice as it had over these past few days. Wade’s hands were braced against the dashboard, the tip of his middle finger pressed against the superglue edition of On the Road. The insane thought occurred to him that if he tore the book away and threw it out the window, the desert, the Ford, the girl, all of it, might disappear, and he’d find himself back home, back in his own bed, probably nursing one hell of a hangover but alive, and safe. He might have done that very thing, had Tuesday not suddenly slammed on the gas. The Oldsmobile took off at a speed that Wade had never imagined it capable of reaching. Its tires screamed against the asphalt, a rebel yell that left black trails on the skin of the highway.
	The crunch of the Ford hitting the back fender reverberated throughout the entire car. Wade’s heart stopped mid-beat and then started up again at twice its regular pace. Tuesday shrieked, a mad, shrill cry that made up in intensity what it lacked in duration. The Ford fell back, but only a few feet. When it rammed the Oldsmobile a second time, the crunch was even more intense. Something broke away from the fender: Wade heard it crunch beneath the Ford’s tires. It’s like he’s driving a Panzer, Wade thought. He looked over his shoulder, half-expecting to see the Ford’s grille exhaling steam like an enraged bull. Its driver wore the grin of a lunatic having the grand old time of his life.
	“Go!” he shouted. He brought his foot down over Tuesday’s and pressed until it met the proper resistance from the gas pedal. The Oldsmobile sped up. One arm draped over the driver’s seat, the other still on the dashboard, he kept his eyes focused not on the road ahead, but on the car behind. Tuesday’s mouth was a hard line, the only indication of her panic now being the way her breath came in sharp stops and starts through her flared nostrils and her wide, staring eyes. He wanted to tell her that everything was okay, that if she just put some distance between the two cars he’d be able to climb into the backseat and find something they could use against the maniac behind them, but he knew that the words would only fall on deaf ears and anyway, they were worth about as much as a blue dollar bill. This car wasn’t exactly Santa’s magic bag of toys, and he sure as hell wasn’t going to find a fully loaded .45 automatic just sitting in his glove compartment. All that he had in here were a few cans of food and a lot of garbage. Unless a few cracks in the driver’s windshield were going to be enough to send him packing, they were shit out of luck. To their left rose a wall of rock as tall as the sky, and on the other, open prairie. He shuddered to think what would happen if their new best friend decided to pull his car off to the side and a few feet ahead, then give the wheel a good, hard yank to the left. The Oldsmobile was a small car, hardly any match for the older vehicle. Beneath the unrelenting weight of the Ford, they were scrap metal just waiting to happen.
	“Go off road,” Wade told her.
	“Are you crazy? We’ll never lose him!”
	“Just do it!”
	As if sensing what was about to happen, the Ford fell back once again. Wade’s hand was already on the steering wheel, but as he stared out of the rear window, he found that it refused to obey his brain’s commands. Rather, it lay curled and helpless around the vinyl finger grips, all muscles slack. Even as the Ford fell back ten feet, twenty feet, Wade knew what was coming, and yet he was powerless to stop it. That sick grin on the driver’s face spread, accentuating every line and wrinkle in it, and then he slowly turned the wheel to his right. The Oldsmobile’s engine coughed, making the whole car shudder. One way or another, thought Wade, it was over. He’s got us.
	The Ford surged forward at an angle and slightly from the right. The impact came from the rear corner of the passenger’s side. Even with the gas pedal depressed as far as it would go, the Oldsmobile didn’t have a chance. The Ford was bigger, its engine more powerful, and the only thing the Oldsmobile’s occupants could do as it pushed them towards the rock face to their left was watch and wait.
	The first brush clipped off the driver’s side mirror. It ricocheted off of the half-open window and hit the rock face once more before disappearing. The second sent a low, rending screech throughout the body of the Oldsmobile as little bits and pieces of metal were torn away like skin against a cheese grater. Three hands were on the wheel, desperately trying to turn the Oldsmobile back to the right so they would have a fighting chance of escaping the Ford, but Donald Byron’s car was at too perfect an angle and going way too fast. The driver’s side headlight exploded in its socket. Steam spewed out from under the Oldsmobile’s hood.
	“No…” Tuesday moaned.
	“Listen to me,” Wade said, still holding tight to the wheel. “I want you to keep your foot on the pedal and let go of the wheel. When I say now, you hit the brakes as hard as you can. Do you understand me?”
	“What are you going to do?”
	“I have no idea,” he replied truthfully. “Are you ready?”
	Carefully, as if afraid that the steering wheel might bite her if she moved too quickly, Tuesday let go.
	“Now!”
	The Oldsmobile’s tires seized up against the road and its body made a sharp turn to the right, just enough to confuse the other driver. The Ford swerved, tires screeching, flew ahead fifty feet and then stopped, turned around. The other driver’s fingers opened and closed around the steering wheel. On his lips he wore the same manic grin, but in his eyes there was only anger. 
	“Fuck this,” Tuesday said. The words were cold, despite the tears still running down her face.
	The engine roared back to life and Tuesday slammed her foot against the gas pedal. The Oldsmobile raced across the highway, moving so quickly that it seemed almost to fly. The entire front end gave a quick, violent jump as the Oldsmobile struck the Ford a glancing blow on the port bow, taking out a headlight and denting the fender. A small, satisfied smile grew on Tuesday’s face. Wade saw the man’s eyes widen. The smile was gone, his mouth contorted with rage. The wind blowing in through the window caught Tuesday’s hair and lifted it, and that combined with the smile on her face and the sure, relaxed way in which she held the steering wheel gave her the look of a warrior who’d just pulled off a very successful sneak attack against a very old and much feared enemy. The transformation had occurred within the space of only a few seconds.
	“Whoa…who the hell are you?”
	“The bitch he just pushed too far,” she replied.
	She stopped about a hundred yards down the road, just beyond the rock face, and waited.
	The Ford’s engine roared.

Carlos heard the cars before he saw them. A big one and a small one. His first thought was that it was a couple of kids engaged in a mismatched drag race, and that meant good things. Kids as a rule were pretty stupid when it came to risks, especially suburban kids. Albuquerque wasn’t far from here, and if these kids hailed from one of the northern neighborhoods, then they were going to be easy pickings.
	He nodded to Danny, who returned the nod and eased back on the throttle, falling behind the others. He was the insurance agent, but nothing more. If they could do this without flashing a piece, that was the way to do it. In Carlos’s experience, cops will overlook just about anything until a gun enters the mix.
	The first car he saw was the Ford, a great big fucker that looked like it was hiding a jet engine under its hood. Kids don’t drive classic cars, he thought, and especially not classic cars this cherry. The only folks who drive cars like that are old white folks with money to burn. Any money that didn’t go to restoration ended up going to the little blue plate on their rear fenders letting the world know that this car wasn’t cheap, though the person driving it probably was.
	The second car was just barely visible from behind the Ford, but Carlos recognized it immediately. One side looked like it had taken a blow from a runaway garbage truck. As he came closer, he noticed chunks of metal lining the highway like discarded jewels. They twinkled and danced in the sunlight. He raised one fist level with his head before bringing his bike to a stop. The Oldsmobile was facing away from the Ford, its engine idling. Every few seconds it would rev up, as though preparing for a last ditch attempt at escape, and each time the Ford would answer with a low, mocking rev of its own. Something was about to go down. Something worse than whatever already had. It was awfully tempting to kick back and watch the show, but he knew the car, and he knew the people who were inside of it. That vato with the dorky name and his girl. The knowledge he’d walked away from them with had done nothing to improve his life, in a lot of ways had actually made it worse, but continuing life with Itchy’s lie wasn’t the alternative he’d have wanted. Despite, or maybe because of what Wade had told him, there was an imbalance between them. A debt that needed to be paid. 
	“Yo, Omar,” he said to the man beside him. “Get that tire iron ready.”
	Omar glanced at the Ford, seeming to consider the situation a moment, before reaching down and removing the tire iron from where he’d strapped it to his engine. The belt he’d used to hold it in place sagged in its absence. Carlos kept his fist up as Omar quietly rode his bike closer to the action, waiting for some sign of just what the hell was going on. He didn’t have to wait long. Just as Omar was inching up to the Ford’s rear fender, the Oldsmobile shot forward. The Ford didn’t waste a second. Even Omar, normally cool-headed no matter the situation, couldn’t contain a cry of surprise as the Ford gunned to life and took off after the Oldsmobile.
	“Let’s go!” Carlos shouted.
	 The desert burst into a symphony of roaring chrome and metal. Because Omar was closest, he was the first to catch up to the Ford. Despite the distance between himself and the car, Carlos could clearly see the driver’s head turn to the left in a sudden, spastic motion. The tire iron came up, and the driver sped faster. Omar’s blow missed the driver’s side window completely, instead shattering the window directly behind it.
	The driver’s response was immediate, and it was brutal. The Ford slammed into Omar’s Indian motorcycle, his very own pride and joy, and under its weight the bike all but disintegrated beneath him. Omar’s body went into the air, only to come crashing down a second later on the roof of the car. His neck went one way, his body the other. What landed off to the side of the road was a broken, bloodied ruin of a human being.
	“Omar!” shouted King from a few feet away. Even over the roar of their collective engines, Carlos could hear the anguish in his voice.
	“Get that motherfucker!” he shouted, and the convoy surged forward. Down to four, he thought. He hated even numbers. They were unlucky.
	Let’s just make sure that number doesn’t go any lower.

Tuesday cried out and Wade’s neck jerked around, expecting to see the Ford coming up alongside them. What he saw was much, much worse.
	The other bikers overtook the body of their fallen comrade quickly. Even from a distance, Wade could see that his death had been a bad one. On the ground beneath his body was a large black stain that was spreading further and further out and away from it.
	“Who the hell is that?” he asked. 
	“One of our new friends,” she replied, choking back a sob. The fear had returned to her voice. Whatever she’d seen in the car with Donald Byron a few days ago was nothing compared to this. Right up to the end, she hadn’t thought her abductor capable of murder. Too much of a chickenshit. This was different. This was violent, and bloody, and brutal. A message. This is what I can do to you, little girl. Both watched through the rearview mirror as another bike tried to pull ahead of the Ford, to steer him off the road, only to be mowed down in the same horrible fashion. His body fell under the wheels and the Ford jumped like a wolf leaping over a log. Fresh blood dripped from the grille. There were more shouts from the others, their numbers now reduced to three (a number that Carlos tended to favor, though not so much right now), and then two of Carlos’s companions pulled ahead of him.
	“Holy shit,” he gasped. “What the hell do they think they’re doing?” He unbuckled his seat belt and rolled down his window, his leg drawing up to the seat. Tuesday grabbed his arm before he could stick his head out the window. “What a second—just what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
	“Those guys are gonna get themselves killed!” Twisting free of her grip, he stuck half his body out the window and twisted around, his buttocks resting on the window sill. The Ford had barely been slowed by the attacks; it still drove relentlessly after them.
	“Carlos!” Wade shouted, waving his arms. “Pull back! Pull the fuck back! This guy’s gonna kill you!”
	As if in reply, one the guys flanking the Ford, Danny, raised his right hand. Wade recognized the pistol clenched between his fingers right away. He’d gotten a very up close and personal view of it about this time yesterday morning, at the diner. The gun rose and, sensing danger, the Ford picked up speed. The first shot shattered the rear window. 
	“Are they shooting at it?” Tuesday shouted. Her voice was almost lost in the roar of the wind.
	Wade didn’t answer, because Danny was already bringing the pistol up for a second try. He was directly behind the car, just a few feet ahead of Carlos. They were just passing another great rock face, and as the Ford came close the driver slammed the biker to his left into it. This time he didn’t pull away. He kept the Ford pressed into the biker’s body as he drove. Sparks and blood flew from the Ford’s port side as bike and biker alike were reduced to tattered remnants of their former selves. Even when there was barely anything left of them, the Ford’s driver waited to pull away. When he did a single tire, trapped in place, fell away and rolled down the highway, after the ruined bike from which it came.
	
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
Carlos couldn’t believe what was happening. Years of riding together, of more successful robberies than he could ever hope to remember and more than a few run-ins with the cops, and all but one of his crew had been wiped out in less than a day. What had begun as the repayment of a debt had turned into a wholesale slaughter. He was sure he’d never smell anything but blood for as long as he lived. It hung thick in the air, like strips of meat left to cure. He saw Danny raising his gun and cried out just as the first blast went off, drowning out his order. As the rear window shattered, Danny glanced over his shoulder and Carlos repeated, “Don’t kill him!”
	“What do you mean, don’t kill him?”
	“I want him alive!”
	Danny was bringing the gun up again. He hadn’t heard him. Or, if he had heard him, he was ignoring the order. Well, fuck it. When there are only two soldiers left, whichever one’s in charge doesn’t matter a whole lot anyway.

The blast was quickly swallowed by space and distance. A single crack of thunder, there and gone in an instant. Wade watched with wide eyes as a burst of red splattered across the Ford’s windshield. The car immediately lost speed, drifted for a few yards, and then came to a slow stop. The engine rumbled, all of the fight gone from it now.
	“Whoa! Whoa!” He slapped his palm against the Oldsmobile’s roof. “Stop!”
	Tuesday didn’t need to be told. Her foot had found the brake the instant Danny’s gun went off. With great effort, she unclenched her jaw and peeled each finger away from the steering wheel as the Oldsmobile stopped moving. Wade jumped out of the window. She saw him turn back once, extending a hand her way that told her to stay put. Well that was fine with her. Better than fine. She sat with her forehead against the steering wheel and drew in a long, shuddering breath.
	Wade made his approach slowly. At least half a football field stood between him and the Ford. He squinted his eyes, trying to get a look through the windshield. Both Carlos and Danny had dismounted and were doing the same, each walking towards the Ford with great caution. Danny’s gun hand was still raised, the weapon at the end of it glinting in the sunshine. 
	“Is he dead?” Wade called.
	Carlos raised a hand to him, warning him not to come any closer. Let us handle this. Wade stopped.
	Both men walked with the slow, cautious shamble of early morning drunks. Shell shock. After all, they’d just watched three of their friends torn apart by a car that probably outweighed all five of their bikes combined. Despite residual traces of terror from the events of the day before, Wade felt a genuine sympathy for them. They could have easily kept going, kept driving right past the dueling vehicles with nothing but a middle finger and a loud curse to remember them by, but they hadn’t. And for their trouble, their gang was now down to two. He began walking again, riding a wave of anger that spilled out of his body and carried his feet along. The man behind the Ford’s wheel had nearly killed him, had nearly killed Tuesday…had murdered countless others through the years. Wade wanted—needed—to see him dead.
	“Wade, stop,” he said.
	He almost did. The thought wasn’t his, the voice only barely. Instead, he kept walking. Nerves. That was all. Carlos stood off to the side of the idling Ford, a lighter just touching the tip of the cigarette clenched between his lips. When he exhaled, even the resulting cloud of smoke seemed to tremble.
	“Wade, stop.”
	“I’m nervous,” he replied, not even sure what he was replying to. He licked his lips. His step had slowed, had become more cautious, a heaviness that began at his shoulders and quickly ran throughout the rest of his body, right to down to the fingertips. All of the heat from the sun above found a point at the top of his head and concentrated all of its energy there. It made him dizzy. “You’re not real. Whoever you are, whatever you are, you’re not real.”
	 Danny was standing at the passenger’s side window in the back, staring through the broken glass at the body that lay slumped against the wheel. Cautiously, he stepped away from the car. As Wade watched, Danny began to walk around the behemoth, pausing a moment at the front of the vehicle to stare in disgust and despair at the blood and bone still embedded in the Ford’s grille. Wade looked over his shoulder once, saw the Oldsmobile still exactly where he’d left it. He couldn’t tell if Tuesday was looking at them. A part of him hoped she wasn’t.
	“Wade, STOP!”
	Both Danny and Carlos’s heads snapped up, and at that moment, the Ford’s engine came to life with a great, bellowing roar. But rather than move forward, the driver sent the Ford into reverse. Carlos tried to get out of the way, but he wasn’t fast enough. The Ford struck him hard, sending him flying, up and onto the trunk. He flew off again a moment later, when the driver changed direction and shot forward, and landed on the highway with a sickening crack. The Ford hit Danny first, and then the old signpost. The impact snapped the aged metal in two, and with it the body pinned between them. The Ford reversed, pulled back onto the highway, and faced Wade.
	He turned around and started to run.
	The Oldsmobile had started up again. But something was wrong. It was no longer facing him. Fear gripped Wade’s heart and squeezed, the feeling accompanied by the sound of the Ford behind him, coming closer and closer. A few times he thought he felt something bump into his heels. She’s leaving me, Wade thought, and ran faster. The hot desert air filled his lungs, working to suffocate them, to shut them down once and for all. White haze hovered at the edge of his vision. And in the middle of it was the car, his car, rolling across the highway. The world moved in slow motion. Any minute now, he would be dead, one way or the other. Yet he continued on, in a futile race to catch up with a salvation that was speeding away from him. He was getting dizzy. A darkness began at the periphery of that white haze and began to spread, and he wondered if it would be so bad to just give in, to let it have him.
	Ahead, the Oldsmobile slowed, seemed about to stop. Hope bloomed in Wade’s chest and he forced his legs to propel him faster. The Ford, sensing its prey about to get away, picked up speed. Wade’s feet nearly tangled together and sent him hurtling forward because now he did feel the Ford’s bloody fender bumping into the backs of his thighs. The roar in his ears wasn’t the air at all, or his heart beating too fast. The Ford fell back a few feet, surged forward again. He stumbled again, caught himself at the last possible second. An all-consuming fire was running through his body, its heat penetrating deep into his every muscle. Don’t leave me! he silently begged. And the Oldsmobile, as if recognizing its master’s voice, came to a stop.
	Wade was so shocked that for a second his legs forgot how to work. He paid the price for it, as the Ford gave him a final, violent jab that sent him sprawling forward. His chin hit the pavement first, and the resulting clack of his teeth coming together created an instant migraine that made Wade wish, if only for a second, that Ford would come forward just a few more feet and finish the job.
	Through the great white noise in his head, Wade heard a car door open, and then slam shut again. That cloud at the edge of his vision had only grown, only now it was a dense blackness. At the center of it stood Tuesday. Her arms hung at her sides, tensed, as if she were fighting back the urge to hold them tight across her chest.
	Behind him, the Ford’s door opened. Wade heard the hard, rubbery thack thack of heavy boots approaching. 
	“My goddamn car,” was the first thing that Donald Byron said. “Would you just look at what you did to my goddamn car.”
	He was bleeding from a large, ugly wound on his shoulder. It ran down his chest, staining the oxford blue-colored fabric a near black. His hair was slicked back over his head, his lips pulled back in a sneer that hovered somewhere between rage and amusement.
	“What do you want?” Tuesday called. Even through the grinding agony that was every thought in his head, Wade could hear the terror in her voice. She was facing her very worst nightmare. He tried to imagine how he would feel if he could have confronted Mark Swope one more time, couldn’t, and decided that maybe it would be better if he just closed his eyes and let his brain rest for a moment. Only a moment.
	“You and I have unfinished business, little lady,” Donald called back. “You feel this heat? It’s like a goddamned sweat lodge out here. You think I wanna be here? Eleven o’clock on a Monday morning, sweating my balls off and talking to a girl who should be dead. I have half a mind to walk over there and split your ever-loving skull open myself.”
	“What do you want?” she asked again.
	The world turned quiet, as though considering the question. It was only when the acrid smell of tobacco burning reached Wade’s nostrils that Wade realized that the Ford’s driver wasn’t considering the question at all. When he spoke again, his voice oozed with smugness, the smugness of a man who smells victory in the air and can’t wait to have a taste.
	“I want you to take those keys in your hand and open the trunk of that cute little shit-mobile you’re driving. And once you’ve done that, I want you to throw them as far out into the desert as you can.”
	“And if I don’t?”
	“If you don’t, I get back in my car and give your friend a good once-over, and then another for good measure. Make him pop.”
	Wade opened his eyes. To hell with it, he thought. You tried. Now take the car and get out. I don’t really care what happens now but I’d really like it if I could just close my eyes and rest for a while, and that’s gonna be easier if I know you’re on your way out of here. Go home. Go. Go.
	In moments of stress the mind has the tendency to slow things down or speed them up. For Wade, it did both. Tuesday turned away, carefully slid the key into the trunk’s lock. It opened soundlessly. And then her arm reared back, slow at first, then fast, and then slow again as her hand came level with her head. The sun glimmered off of the metal ring which bound his keys together. He ran down a mental inventory of which key opened what as Tuesday’s hand opened and they sailed through the air. He didn’t see them land. By then the darkness had found him and enfolded him in its cold, heavy arms.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
He awoke to something. A voice. It sounded like it was whispering directly into his ear. He 
strained his ears, trying to decipher the hidden meaning of its barely-audible mumblings. When 
that didn’t work he tried to get up, but his progress was immediately stopped by something hard 
and unyielding above him. 
	Those were the first and second things he noticed. The third was that he could barely breathe.
	“Ha—” he gasped. He was trying to create the word help from thin—very, very thin—air, and his lungs were having none of it. The more he tried to speak, the more his chest felt like a chimney accordion with a great big tear in it. The exertion alone was enough to make him dizzy, and his head fell back. He was snapped back into full, terrible awareness by his skull hitting something hard below him.
	“Help!” he screamed, more out of reflex than conscious action. No good. His cry was swallowed up by the stifling air around him as though it had never been at all.
	He was panicking. Stop. Stop. He listened hard for someone, anyone, standing outside, a human ear that could process sound and route it to a mind that could be reasoned with. There was only the sound of his breathing, coming in faster and faster. Breathing through his nose, he forced himself to take smaller breaths. The price he paid for those smaller breaths was a steadily-growing lightheadedness. People get comfortable. Start to relax. Then they fall asleep, and they never wake up again.
	The voice droned on, and Wade drifted on past the point of caring. It was comfortable background noise, a shapeless flotilla on which he could float forever, if he wanted to.
	His eyes opened when he heard the voice speak his name.
	And just like that, he wasn’t in the trunk anymore. He was lying on his side in a long, dark hallway. The floor was bare here, the wooden planks that comprised it worn smooth by decades of feet trampling across it. At one end was a door, half open, and at the other a window. Through this window he could see trees, could see the sun shining. Birds flew back and forth across the sky, chirping with glee as they chased one another through the open air. This was good. This felt right, like home. Wade closed his eyes again, and searched his body for any lingering sensation of a night spent getting a little too cozy with a bottle of Jack Daniel’s. Nothing. If anything, he felt surprisingly good.
	“Wade.”
	It was then Wade realized that he wasn’t alone. Someone stood at his head. He looked up. The sunlight caught the shock of purple hair piled atop her head just right, casting sections of it in a luminous, almost-red color and others in blackness. 
	“Stephanie,” he said. Carefully, he got to his feet. “Am I dead?”
	“You’re not supposed to be here, Wade. You’re not the key. You never were. You’re a last minute replacement. You may not even work. But he wants to try. He’s desperate.”
	“Key? I… What’s happening? Why am I here?”
	“You played right into his hands. He’s been pushing you ever since Mark’s blood mixed with yours, trying to get you out here, and now that you’re here, he’s not going to let you go. He wants you to suffer. He gave you a chance and you refused to take it, so now, he’s going to make sure that you hurt for it.”
	Wade took a step back. His foot made no sound against the floorboards. He wasn’t here. This wasn’t real. None of it. “No. No, I’m imagining this.”
	“The stories have it wrong, you know. Charles Dickens, Shirley Jackson. They think they glimpsed something just beyond the veil, but in the end it’s always mist that they’re looking into. Vapor. There are no such things as ghosts without a place for them to haunt.  Without people to hear them. To see them. It’s not places that are haunted, Wade. It’s people. You get it? I’m here because you take me with you, wherever you go.	
	“And so is he.”
	“He?”
	A loud, anguished scream sounded from the bedroom at the other end of the hall. Wade jumped at the sound. Stephanie, however, didn’t so much as flinch. She glanced casually over her shoulder, then looked back at Wade. “I’m sorry, Wade, but you have to see this.” She raised her arm, gesturing towards the open door. Wade began to walk, slowly, listening for the sound of his own footsteps, of his breathing. This was how the other half lived, he thought. Here, but not here. As he drew closer, his eye caught on a tall, full-length mirror, just visible inside of the bedroom. Framed inside of that mirror was a tall, sobbing figure. His head was bowed, his eyes clenched tightly shut. He stood shirtless, his long, greasy hair partially obscuring his facial features. It didn’t matter. Even before Wade stepped inside of the bedroom, he knew who was waiting for him on the other side.
	“Mark.”
	“I c-c-couldn’t h-help it…” he blubbered. “It’s not my fault.”
	Anger welled in the pit of Wade’s stomach, but to his surprise, didn’t rise much further. His fingers clenched into tight fists. A year later, and he was at last face to face with Mark Swope. Through gritted teeth, he repeated, “You couldn’t help it.”
	Laying on the ground about ten feet behind Mark, only his hand visible from behind the twin-sized bed he lay beside, was Mark’s roommate. Peter Nelson, Wade remembered. Cause of death, a large butcher knife driven through his throat, all the way to the hilt. Details of the horrors found on the second floor of the campus duplex that Mark Swope had called home were plastered all over the news alongside reports of the massacre, something of a footnote to the far more sensational bloodbath in the library. Wade knew what lay hidden behind the bed, and he had no interest in seeing it for himself. But now that he’d seen the hand, he found it all but impossible to turn his attention away from it. It seemed to be reaching out. Pleading for help.
	“Do you see, Mark?” asked a low, gravelly voice. Wade looked back to the mirror, the source of the question. He knew that voice. That voice had bonded itself to his consciousness ever since he’d first heard it in the jail cell at Colliston.
	“I d-d-didn’t…d-didn’t m-mean to do it…”
	“Sure. Sure, you didn’t. But it’s done now, isn’t it? He’s dead. And you know what that means. The cops are going to come for you now, and they’re going to lock you up. You have exactly one option left, young man. Are you ready to hear it?”
	Mark backed away, his fingers raking frantically through his hair, his head shaking from side to side. “No. I’m not going to do it.”
	“Oh, you’re going to do it, Mark,” Aru replied. “You may not want to admit it, but you belong to me. Deep down, you know that. Blood calls to blood. You’ve been treading water your entire life, and you’re going to keep treading water until the day you die. I am your one and only way out. I’m offering you something, Mark. Something better.”
	“You did this!” Mark shouted, tearing his fingers away from his hair. Blood that was just starting to dry flew away from his scalp and splattered against the mirror. A wave seemed to ripple across the glass, and then, little by little, Mark’s body faded away, and was replaced by another. Wade took an involuntary step back, his heart constricting inside of his chest. The face that stared out from the mirror was cracked and dry, its eyes black opals. A new, unpleasant odor filled the air. Wade looked back to Mark. A large patch of wetness had grown across the front of his sweatpants. 
	“It doesn’t matter what you think,” Aru replied. “Or what you say, for that matter. Instead of prison, you’ll get the funny farm. Same equipment, different playground. If you come to me, Mark, I promise, no one will ever find you.”
	“You don’t need me. Find somebody else. I’m…” The sigh that left Mark’s body then seemed to deflate his entire body as it went. “I’m nothing.”
	“You’ve got that right. You are nothing. And you are going to continue to be nothing. If you stay here, you’ll be just another number in the circuit court roster. You’re made for bigger things, Mark. Come to me, and I’ll show you.”
	“A…a sacrifice,” Mark said, pointing behind him to Peter Nelson’s stiff, lifeless hand. “Why can’t you take that? He was young. He had to be enough.”
	“This isn’t about youth, Mark. I was ancient even when your people left offerings at my altar in Delphi. Old age is a liberating thing. But I’m locked in. Trapped. I can speak to you through the door, but I can’t touch you. You are of my world, Mark. And you are the only one who can come back and let me out. You have the key.”
	“I don’t have anything.”
	“You can’t negotiate with destiny, my friend. One day you’ll realize this, and if you’re lucky you’ll realize it while you’re still young enough to do something about it. If you care to debate the subject further, Mark, I’m sure your friend Peter has some interesting thoughts. Gonna be mighty hard to expound on them, though, what with that butcher knife you stuck through his throat.”
	“I didn’t know it was him.” Mark was sobbing again. His hair bounced and jerked in time with his head and shoulders. “I th-thought it was you.”
	“It was me. And it’s going to keep being me. Every time you order a pizza, I’ll be looking right out at you from behind the delivery boy’s eyes. You’ll see me. You’ll recognize me. Make no mistake, Mark. I’ve been very patient with you for a very long time, but my patience is wearing thin. Come home. Come home and set me free.”
	“N-No. No. You’ll have to kill me first.”
	“That can certainly be arranged,” answered a voice from behind him. Wade and Mark turned at the same time. Peter Nelson’s cold, dead fingers wrapped themselves around Mark’s throat before he had a chance to scream. His eyes were open, his retinas a silver color that radiated cold light. When he spoke it was with a wheeze. The result of having to speak around the large knife stuck through his larynx. Mark’s fingers flew up and wrapped themselves around Peter’s wrist. The dead man didn’t react, didn’t even seem to feel them. He lifted Mark nearly three inches from the floor without so much as a grunt.
	“This can all get worse, Mark,” Peter said. “So, so much worse. How’d you like a visit from me every night, for the rest of your life? Only I won’t be bringing the bong, offering to smoke you up because I feel sorry for you. This knife’ll come out inch by inch, little by little, and when it comes out I might just have it nice and shiny and clean, just for you. I know how afraid you are of germs.” He chuckled at that. “There’s only one way out. Think. Think hard.”
	“L-et me g-go…” Mark gasped. “Can’t breathe.”
	“Funny,” Peter replied. “I can’t either.” His fingers opened, and Mark fell to the ground. He sat there, facing the floor, for a long time, drawing breath back in.
	“Okay,” he wheezed. “I’ll… I’ll…” He looked up. There was no one there. Only that single hand, just visible from behind the bed. And just beyond that, a black box. Wade stared at it, and felt a cold finger trace a slow, loving caress down his spine. He didn’t need that box to be opened to know what was inside. He watched in horror as Mark crawled forward on his hands and knees, the acidic smell of drying urine trailing after him like a loyal puppy. His face was turned away from the bed, and he reached out blindly for the box, found it, and pulled it to him. Not Mark’s gun. Mark didn’t own a gun. But Peter Nelson did. 
	Mark opened the box, and there it was. Wade’s heart leapt and tried to run, pounding so furiously inside of his chest that he almost grabbed hold of the mirror to keep from falling over. This gun hadn’t tasted blood yet, of that he was quite sure. But it wanted to. All guns want to. That black hole at the end of its muzzle was open and eager. Feed me. In his mind’s eye he saw Stephanie Green’s head explode, over and over again, in a continuous loop. His heart beat on, a dangerous thump-thump-thump that sounded more and more like a series of rapid-fire gunshots.
	“You don’t need me,” Mark Swope whispered. He removed the gun from the case, along with a magazine. His knees popped as he got back to his feet. But when he turned back to the mirror, it was only him, half-naked and caressing the barrel of his dead roommate’s gun, as though trying to console it. He opened his mouth, closed it again. 
	“Mark,” Wade breathed. “Mark, no…”
	“You could never do that before. I know you’ve tried. It was Peter. Peter made you stronger, even from all the way over here. You just need a little more…”
	“Mark—”
	“A little more, and then you’ll leave me alone forever.”
	“Mark, NO!”
	Wade dove for him, intending to tackle him to the ground and wrestle the weapon away from him. In the instant before he did their eyes met, and Wade saw that all of the fear that had been in Mark’s eyes even a minute before had evaporated completely. What remained was an empty void, where only dust stirred. Mark Swope was dead. Yet it was Wade who flew through his body as if he were a ghost. He flipped onto his back quickly, his fingers digging into the soft mattress beneath as Mark walked out of the bedroom. Somewhere on the other side of this walk lay Stephanie Green. Lay Wadei Kanaan. Lay twenty-seven people who’d left home that night with no idea of the horror about to be unleashed upon them.
	“You can’t stop him,” Stephanie said from the hallway. She’d turned to follow Mark’s progress out of the bedroom. A moment later Wade heard the monotonous hiss of a shower nozzle going. 
	“Why?” Wade asked. He got up from the bed. Though his heart had slowed, it pounded furiously on, powered this time not by fear, but by rage. “Why would you show me this if I can’t do anything? If I can’t help you?”
	“Because you can’t help me. No one can. That’s what you haven’t been getting. The worst thing that’s ever going to happen to me has already happened. Same with everybody else who died that night. It’s you, and everyone who left that library alive, who carry us with you.”
	“You’ve been haunting me.”
	“Not by choice, believe me,” she replied, and for the first time, smiled. It was a surprisingly sweet smile that quickly faded. “Mark Swope spent his entire life feeling like he wasn’t part of our world. It’s because he wasn’t. A part of him was from someplace else. The same place that Aru is from. As his world started to collapse, his people fled to ours. Most people who say they can predict the future, or talk to the dead, or make chairs float in mid-air, are full of crap. But there are some who are on the level, and they all came from the same place. Some of them were strong enough to keep a hold on this reality and make lives for themselves. But others…they’re the ones who tricked humans out of their lives so they could take their place. Mark’s father was one of the strong ones. Maybe one of the strongest. If he’d stuck around, Mark might have been better equipped to deal with Aru.”
	“So then…” Wade pressed his hand against his abdomen. Suddenly his scar was screaming, and it was screaming loudly. 
	“Nothing happens by accident. When that bullet went through Mark and into you, you took Mark’s place in this world. Aru can’t go anywhere without you. The last year, the voices…he’s been trying to drive you to come out to him. And now that you’re here, he isn’t going to let you go. As far as he’s concerned, you are Mark now, and that means that you belong to him.” She sat down on the bed beside him. The mattress didn’t so much as sigh under her weight.
	“So there’s nothing I can do,” he said. His voice had a dull, lifeless tone to it. He knew that tone. He’d heard it in Mark’s voice only a few seconds before.
	“I’m not here to predict your future. Needless to say, the question of whether or not you have a future is still up in the air. You’re an electric fence. Aru can’t touch you, but he can consume your energy. So long as you die in his territory, you’re his. All I’m allowed to tell you is that before the sun rises tomorrow morning, one will die.”
	“Who?” The room had taken on a shimmer, as though every surface in it were covered in a heavy layer of varnish. Even Stephanie Green’s body didn’t so much absorb light as reflect it. It hurt to look at her. “Can you tell me that much?”
	“Sorry,” she replied, and her smile told him that she really, truly was. She laid a hand over his. A gentle heat came with it that could only be described as unearthly. “Just know that, win or lose, I’m pulling for you.”
	She faded away then, and with her went the room. He was alone in the darkness again, breathing in not air, but congealed motor oil.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
“Wh-where…?”
	“Shhhh…” replied Donald Byron. “I think you’ve done enough talking for one lifetime, sweetheart.”
	It took a moment for Tuesday to gather her bearings. The taste of old pennies was on tongue. She scraped it against her front teeth but the taste held fast, like a piece of gum stuck to the underside of her shoe. The effort made her gag.
	“Just relax,” Donald said from beside her. Gradually she became aware of another smell, this one of burning tobacco. The air was thick with cigarette smoke. It drifted in front of her face, the wisps of nicotine air sometimes turning into something else entirely. A skull and crossbones that seemed to be laughing at her. She closed her eyes and turned her head to the side. Something about that elicited a soft chuckle from Donald Byron’s lips.
	“Not feeling so hot, are you? By now I’d think you’d be used to it. Not many girls get to experience the babydoll treatment twice, you know what I mean? I’d say that you should count yourself lucky, but something tells me that in a couple of hours, you’re not going to be feeling very lucky.” He took another drag from his cigarette and smiled. “Nope, not very lucky at all.
	“You see, you fucked up, sweetheart. It could have gone so much easier. I’m not saying it wouldn’t have hurt—being burned alive has a way of getting the nerve endings a’ howlin’—but at least it would have been fast. Impersonal. Now that you’ve shown how much of a pain in the ass you can be, I have a feeling that he’s going to make it hurt. Personally, I’m hoping he makes it hurt a lot. Payback for what you and your friends did to my car. This baby was cherry before today. But then, I’m sure you remember that. You sure were giving it the eyeball before I picked you up, weren’t you?”
	Tuesday said nothing. She focused instead on drawing clean breath into her sinuses. Wash out the residual taste from the chloroform. So far, it wasn’t going well. She wanted to ask for a bottle of water, but hated the idea of giving him that kind of satisfaction. It didn’t matter. He must have sensed her thoughts. Donald retrieved a bottle from the cup holder, unscrewed the cap and held it in front of her face. The smell was almost too much for her to bear, but Tuesday managed to keep her hands still. 
	“No?” he prodded. “Not even a little? Suit yourself.” He took a long drink, returned the cap to the bottle, and then threw it out the window. The bottle broke on impact, splashing its contents across the highway.
	“Why aren’t we moving?”
	“You know, you remind me a lot of my daughter,” he replied. Ignoring her question. Establishing his dominance. “I love her to death, but that girl has caused me more headaches... Always with the questions. They start out cute, all those questions, but then those questions start to get old really fast.” He glanced at her. “If you must know, we’re waiting on the dinner bell to ring.”
	He took a deep drag from his cigarette, glanced at her, and snorted. “Look at you. Trying to look so defiant. To look like I can’t hurt you. Well I got news for you, little girl, I can, and you’d better believe that I want to. You see what you and your friends did to my goddamn car?” He caught himself, smiled. “Sorry, sorry. I know I shouldn’t be so sore about it. I can get her fixed up, but it’s going to cost me an arm and a leg. God only knows what the wife is going to say when she sees the bill.” The smile faded, then died, his face scrunching up as though he were suddenly tasting bile. His hand shot out. The impact was like a mortar being fired directly into Tuesday’s cheek. Her head rocked back. Had her hands not been bound by layer upon layer of duct tape, they would have shot up to smother the pain before it could spread across the rest of her face.
	“Little bitch. You think you’re so smart. All of you, you just think you’re so goddamned smart. Well, look at you now. Not feeling so smart, are you? You weren’t so smart when I slipped that little treat into your drink at the bar, were you? And you definitely weren’t smart when I offered you a ride home.” He settled back in his seat. The cigarette was almost gone. He took a long, deep drag off of it. You could hear the hiss of burning tobacco as he did. “But maybe I’m being too hard on you. I remember what it was like to be young. You think you’re the only real thing in the world. I get it. You don’t find out different until much later—that the world’s a big place, and it couldn’t care less about you. It’s kill,” he said, and tapped his temple with his index finger, “or be killed.”
	The desert air caught the jet of smoke he expelled from his lungs, pulled it out of the car, and sent it packing to the four winds. It was perfectly clear the image he was trying to project. The cool greaser, Peter Pan of New Mexico, sitting back and sucking up the cancer like he’s still sixteen years-old, still spouting off the same dimestore philosophy. Never mind the spare tire he’d picked up somewhere between thirty and forty-five, or the thinning hair that shimmered from whatever crap he’d rubbed into it before he left the house that morning. Whoever he was, wherever he came from, was a construction, a carefully maintained façade. But out here…out here, he was something entirely different. Something monstrous.
	“Is this the same speech you gave the others?”
	He looked at her, saw something shift behind her eyes, and for a moment, his carefully-maintained control faltered. The corners of his mouth lifted and a small, hollow laugh pushed its way out from between his lips. “Christ, but you’re something else. I can see why that boy risked his life for you.”
	The mention of Wade made her start, and how it was her control that faltered. As soon as Donald Byron was within striking distance he’d cold cocked her, and from there had dragged her to his car, where he’d proceeded to press a filthy rag against her face and told her to breathe, just breathe, Beautiful. She couldn’t believe it had taken her this long to remember him. “What did you do to him?”
	“No sense in getting all worked up,” Donald replied. “I don’t think he’s dead—not yet, anyway, thought that may be just a question of time, now. What you don’t seem to understand is, none of this is personal. I owe a debt. My parents didn’t know jack about money. They spent their entire lives borrowing and mooching off of other people. I didn’t grow up with any sense of honoring debts; I developed that on my own. When somebody gives you something, you should never expect that it comes without strings. I’ve been working off my debt a long time, little by little, and now, thanks to you and your friend, I have the chance to pay it all off in one lump sum and be done with it, once and for all.
	“Now,” he said, leaning in close. She could smell liquor on his breath. Liquor, and something else. Something rotten. “Don’t think that I’m without sympathy. It takes guts to do what your friends did. The way they tried to protect you, I respect that. If somebody tried to take my own daughter away from me, I’d rip their lungs out with my bare hands. But you are not my daughter. You are a poker chip, and your friend is a whole big pile of them. I pay my debts, come hell or high water. I always pay my debts.”
	Tuesday stared evenly at him. “So does that make all of this right for you? Does it help you to sleep at night, even after all those women you’ve killed?”
	“I didn’t kill anyone,” Donald replied. He leaned back in his seat and smiled to himself. “Well, before today, that is. I just dropped them off. But I’ve gotta tell you, little missy, it’s true what they say—after your first one, you really do develop a taste for it.”
	He finished his cigarette and pitched it out the window. Thin little trails of white smoke drifted out of the corners of his mouth, were drawn upward by the wind. “Just sit back,” he said, “and enjoy the scenery. All living things out here serve a purpose. Until the time comes for your friend to fulfill his, he’s gonna sit and stew in a nice, safe place that’ll be easy to find. As for the two of us, we’re going to sit right here a little while longer, and then we’re going to ride.”
	The sun moved across the sky in a slow arc. Even on moderate days, the desert is an unforgiving place, but something held in the air today. Something tensed, waiting for the rope to be cut. The cliffs and rock faces in the distance were washed out completely by the sun beaming down on them, and then, as day moved closer to night, they became a kaleidoscope of colors, colors so stunning and rarely seen that man has yet to come up with words to describe them. If you came out there on the right day, with the right person, this place would be as close to heaven on earth as you’re likely to get. One arm draped over a lover’s shoulders while the other rises to point to the tall, flat-topped cliff in the distance, the one that looks like a sombrero. For it was there that the sun would fall, and as it did the entire formation would be briefly awash in light, like a beacon. 
	Donald Byron sat perfectly still, his fingers curled around the steering wheel, barely mindful of the trembling young woman in the passenger’s seat beside him. 
	Almost there. He was almost free. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
The cycle repeated itself over and over again throughout the day. Wade would wake up, gasp for air for a few minutes, but the effort would exhaust him and he’d find himself slipping back into unconsciousness. When he could summon the strength to do so, he would slam his fist into the underside of the trunk. Once he’d heard something jump, then clatter off of the trunk and onto the desert floor. The tire iron, most likely. The man who’d locked him in here, whoever he was, had made absolutely certain that Wade wouldn’t find any magical little goodies to help him get out of here. 
	The last time he awoke was shortly before sunset, and he immediately felt the difference. The inside of the trunk would be slower in cooling off than the open desert outside, though the drop in temperature was enough to prompt Wade to raise his head for the first time in hours. He thought he’d sprung the lock in his sleep, perhaps in the throes of a nightmare, but when he reached up and pushed, the door of this cramped little prison held firm. He shouldn’t be alive right now, of that he was quite sure. Maybe he wasn’t. Maybe Hell wouldn’t be all demons and torture. Maybe it was just darkness, forever and ever. Amen. 
	Back home, he’d considered suicide a thousand times. Anything that would silence the voices in his head once and for all. Every time, an innate stubbornness had stayed his hand. Because every time he saw Mark Swope’s face hovering before him, that loose-skinned, hollow-eyed visage wearing the crimson smile of a dead clown, laughing at him. Laughing at him because he’d won after all, and though it had taken a little more time than the others, in the end Mark got him anyway. Only now, with his death drawing nearer with every breath, Wade wondered just how much of that was true. How much of it was him, not ready to die, and how much of it was this other being, this Aru, who’d reached across time and space and turned his internal volume knob as high as it would go, all the while trying to force him into the one place where the signal would be grounded, where Wade would find a little peace at last. Destiny, fate, how much of these concepts were set in stone, and how much were easily manipulated by the dexterous hands of those who knew exactly which buttons to push, which gears needed to be tightened and loosened? His destiny, once, had been to die in that library, and that destiny had been changed. He would be found eventually, of that he was certain. Maybe by some kid who would run across his car during an afternoon joyride through the desert. It was all ending. He could feel it all slipping away. Inside of the trunk, he murmured a silent apology to whoever eventually found him, wondering if words really do just float through the atmosphere after they’re spoken, if his would remain locked in the trunk with his mummified remains, to be released only when the trunk was opened at last. 
	No, he thought, and opened his eyes again. Not me. Not me. 
	“H-Halp…” he gasped. These dark thoughts had spread through the rest of his body, had constricted his muscles, and now his hands, curled into fists, came up together as he rolled onto his back. Something jabbed into his shoulder, but he ignored it and brought them up as hard as he could. The sound of his fists hitting metal was like a gunshot in his ears, and he did it again, clinging to anything that would keep his mind here, his soul present and accounted for. “Help me!” he shouted. “Help me!”
	“Who is that?”
	Wade stopped, suddenly afraid. He hadn’t expected an answer. It’s him. Jesus, he’s still here. He’s probably been waiting outside this whole time. Not knowing what else to do, Wade tried as best as he could to make himself smaller, pushing against the underside of the trunk until his back was flat against the floor. 
	“Wade? That you, man?”
	It’s a trick. Just a dirty trick your mind is playing on you. Gettin’ yer ya ya’s out.
	Against his better judgment, Wade answered, “Carlos?”
	“Holy shit,” was the reply. Carlos’s voice was hushed, awed, and sounded very muffled. “Holy shit man—you all right?”
	The resulting laugh was like coughing up an ear of dried corn. He’d never felt such relief in his life, not ever. “I’m having a party in here. You should come on in. There’s a girl here who’d love to meet you.”
	“Yeah, well, tell the little mamacita that I ain’t much to look at right now.” Wade heard sand rustling, followed by footsteps. “Carlos?” he asked, suddenly afraid that he’d imagined the whole thing. “Carlos?” he called again, louder this time.
	“Where are the keys?” Carlos shouted. He sounded much further away now. Whether that distance was physical or psychological, Wade had no idea.
	“He made her throw them. I don’t know where they landed.”
	“All right, man.” Something scraped across the ground a few feet away. When Carlos spoke again, he was right beside the trunk. A moment later there came the scrape of metal meeting aluminum, followed by a series of high-pitched screeches. “Tell me that motherfucker’s still alive. Just tell me that.”
	“What are you doing?”
	“Little Creepo left a tire iron out here for me. Next time he sees this shit, it’s gonna be coming down right between his eyes. Fucked up my bike. Killed my crew.” Another screech. Something popped inside of the trunk. “I don’t care if that motherfucker thinks he’s motherfuckin’ Steve McQueen in that big ass car of his, I’m gonna break every motherfuckin’ bone in his body and then I’m gonna push him and that motherfuckin’ car of his off the first motherfuckin’ cliff I can find.”
	“I’ll help you push.”
	“Damn right you will, cabrone.” A final screech, a pop, and then the trunk flew open. Sunlight spilled into the darkness. Wade threw his hands over his face and cried out. Carlos muttered something—it sounded like god damn—and then reached in. Wade, eyes tightly shut, took hold of his hands and allowed himself to be pulled out of the trunk. His lungs pulled in as much air as they could take in, hung onto it greedily. Wade had to remind himself to breathe out. It was still hotter than hell out here, but compared to the inside of the Oldsmobile’s trunk it felt like just another nice, tropical day on the beaches of Maui.
	“Wa—wa—”
	“Hey, you need to calm down. Breathe.”
	“Water,” Wade gasped. When he couldn’t find the breath to give voice to his thoughts he settled for pointing at the car. Carlos got up, and when he returned he held the entire flat of bottled waters in his hands. Only seven of them remained. He set them down on the ground and snaked his arms underneath Wade’s armpits, then propped him up into a sitting position against one of the rear tires. Carlos removed a bottle from the flat, unscrewed the cap and handed it over. 
	The first sip was exactly what Wade had already imagined sand must feel like when a little kid throws a bucket of water over it. The bottle was drained in seconds, and Wade snatched another from the flat. Little by little, hydration returned to him, his joints slowly coming alive. He could feel the water flooding into every blood vessel, every organ. As a collective unit, they breathed a great sigh of relief.
	“Hey, hey,” Carlos said, a bottle in his hand. He was taking slow, careful sips from it. “You need to slow down. You’re gonna drown yourself.” Wade did as he said, taking the next helping of water as a small sip. With his heart rate settling into a more comfortable, natural rhythm at last, Wade finally had the chance to get a good look at his rescuer.
	The sight wasn’t pretty. The arm of Carlo’s jacket was split right up the middle, exposing a line of red that made it look as though the jacket itself were a living organism, and it had been cut deep. His face was puffy and bruised, and where it wasn’t it was smeared in off-brown paint that had begun to dry and flake off. When he noticed the way that Wade was looking at him, Carlos only smiled and shook his head. “Good thing I’m still pretty, ain’t it?”
	“How about the others? Did any of them make it?”
	All traces of mirth fled from Carlo’s eyes. He glanced over his shoulder, looking not at the car he was leaning against but past it, towards the stretch of highway that had been baptized in the blood of his friends. After a beat he closed his eyes and lowered his head. “You ain’t got a cigarette, do you?”
	“I sure hope so.” He got up and opened the passenger’s side door, popped the glove compartment. Out tumbled a pack of Camels, crushed. He turned it upside down and a torrent of brown flakes fell out, along with bits and pieces of white paper. If Wade hadn’t been a believer in higher powers taking interest in human affairs before, he became one now. Two cigarettes had survived the encounter with Donald Byron’s Ford. A plastic green lighter was nestled in the back of the glove compartment, as though hiding, and Wade grabbed that too. “Here,” he said when he returned to Carlos’s side, and handed one over.
	“I got a pack in my pocket, but I’m too scared to take it out. Don’t wanna shake nothin’ else in there loose.” He took the offered lighter and lit his cigarette. “You know I’m going to kill him, right?”
	“Get in line,” Wade replied, and lit his own. 
	“Just wanted that clear. In case you got some kind of moral objection that kind of thing.”
	“Not in his case. The slower, the better.”
	“Any idea where he went?”
	Wade looked out, towards the sombrero-shaped peak that towered above the cliffs and mountains around it. “Yeah. Do you have a ride?”
	Carlos nodded back towards the road. “Danny’s bike is still in one piece. Punk ass waited until he was on his feet before he went after him. I…” He raised his right hand, and for the first time Wade noticed the key ring hanging from Carlos’s middle finger. “I think Danny’d want me to use his anyway.”
	“I’m sorry, man. I really am.”
	“You got trouble following you, my friend. I knew it the second I looked into your eyes back at the diner.” He sighed. “Since I didn’t see that girl you’ve been driving around with all day, I can only guess that he wasn’t out here for you.”
	“No, he was here for me,” Wade replied. “Here for both of us, I guess. But I’m sorry you and your friends got caught in the crossfire.”
	“Don’t mean shit now. You think she’s still alive?”
	Wade continued to stare out at the desert, at the sun setting just beyond Sombrero Peak. There was a hopeless part of his soul that told him it was too late. That all of Tuesday’s life and vitality had been beaten out of her by the side of the road, reduced to nothing more than a black outline around her body. But that wasn’t right. It didn’t feel right. He could still sense her out there. Her, her abductor, and the thing that had set the wheels of this entire nightmare in motion to begin with. Instead of giving voice to these thoughts, Wade simply took a drag off of his cigarette and said, “She’s alive. And even if she isn’t, I wanna make sure that this bastard doesn’t last much longer than she did.” He smiled. “Got a question for you, though.”
	“Yeah? What’s that?”
	Wade nodded at the car they leaned against. “You know how to hotwire one of these?”



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
The sun was almost down, and he hadn’t touched her. Not yet, at least. Thank God for that. The proximity of his body to hers alone was enough to make her skin crawl. She kept expecting him to lean over. Make a grab for a breast, maybe. He didn’t make a move. Where four days ago he’d been playful, almost jolly as he drove her further and further out into this wasteland prison, he was now focused and determined. He couldn’t care less if she was at ease, and he didn’t seem capable of making a wisecrack even if he wanted to. 
	They’d been driving for nearly an hour. “It’s gotta be there,” Donald kept muttering to himself. His fingers twitched against the steering wheel as he drove. Every now and again he glanced at the desert beyond the highway road, as though considering twisting the wheel and giving the unforgiving terrain a try, just for shits n’ gigs. Each and every time he then shook his head, dismissing the idea. His baby, his beautiful baby, had taken enough punishment for one day. That small, inviting mouth that just begged for a kiss was now the lipstick-smeared grin of an over-the-hill prostitute. It was a drunk and stupid man indeed who want those lips pressed against his. 
	“Don’t worry, old girl,” he said. “As soon as this is over, we’ll get you back home and fix you up nice and pretty, and you’ll never have to come out here again. I swear it.”
	Tuesday stared straight ahead, her body a rigid block, her mind trying to remove itself as far away from this hell on wheels as it could. The fact that he was now talking to his car like a woman he’d just slugged in the mouth did nothing to alleviate her fear. Her one saving grace here was that he was clearly in a hurry.
	“This isn’t going to work,” she said.
	He barely looked at her. “There’s a road here somewhere. Don’t you start getting antsy on me. You’ll get your turn. Christ,” he muttered, half to himself, “Dana’s gonna have my head on a stick.”
	“Who’s she?”
	“Who’s who?”
	“Dana. Is she your mother?”
	“My mother?” He laughed. “Do I look like I still live with my mother? If you need to know, Dana’s my wife. And by my watch, she’s had dinner ready for over an hour.” He pulled an iPhone from his pocket and looked at the screen. Every circle was white and empty. No signal. Not out here. “Shit!” He held it in front of his face, his eyes moving back and forth between the screen and the road ahead. After a few minutes of this he set it aside with an annoyed grunt. “Overpriced piece of shit. Those goddamn Chinese might be good at making money, but they know fuck all about making electronics.”
	The Ford hit something. Something large enough to make it bounce. Another loud curse leapt past Donald’s lips. Perhaps in response, he reached for the volume knob and gave it a hard, almost violent turn to the right. The music that had been little more than background noise became deafening. It was a shock to the system; Tuesday could feel every cell in her body clapping non-existent hands over non-existent ears and screaming for deliverance from Kurt Cobain’s long, howling wail. Donald caught her involuntary flinch and smiled. “What’s the matter, babydoll?” he cooed. She could barely make the words out over the noise. “You don’t like music?”
	She offered no response. That was good, because Donald didn’t seem interested in hearing one. His fingers found the volume knob and gave it a slow, smooth turn back to left. Relegated to background noise once again, Kurt Cobain’s voice now sounded needling, pleading to be heard. Donald smiled and gave the stereo a consoling pat. The stereo, Tuesday saw, was probably the only part of the car that wasn’t original. It had a CD player and an LED satellite radio display that also offered information on temperature and time, if you were curious. According to the all-knowing screen, it was May 19, 7:29 p.m., and the air outside hung at a crisp eighty-six degrees. He caught her staring and smiled. 
	“Beauty, isn’t it? I had to do it, though it killed me a little. The last owner had an 8-track player installed here—a damn 8-track player! Soon as I had the money to upgrade, I did it. Believe it or not,” he chuckled, “Soundgarden 8-tracks are pretty damn hard to find.” 
	“What are we doing?” she asked. “We’ve been driving in circles for an hour.”
	“We’re looking for a road out to that mountain,” he replied, pointing. “With all these stupid college kids coming out to the middle of nowhere to climb tall rocks, there has to be a road somewhere. Or at least a trail that won’t hurt my baby’s feet too bad. You ever been rock climbing?”
	“No.”
	“Last year, the wife and I took our daughter down south to see Macchu Piccu. She’d read about it in one of her classes and spent three months harassing us about taking a vacation. Didn’t come out and say it, of course, but I had a pretty good idea of the place she had in mind when she changed her phone’s wallpaper to a picture of those stone huts and took every opportunity to shove the thing in my face. She started to get mighty annoying after a while, but it worked. One thing I never learned from my parents—when you have a kid and she wants something that badly, you’ll do just about anything to give it to her. Took her rock climbing the day after we saw the village, and I damn near broke my neck. One slip, and then you’re falling into space. The rope was tight though…a good bungee job. Instead of splattering all across the ground below, I splattered against the side of the mountain instead.”
	The memory seemed to calm him some. A smile broke out over his face. Again, she thought of Peter Pan. The little boy who never grew up. Though his body was large and his gut had gone to fat, he still had that little twinkle in his eye, that gaze of eternal youth. Adult responsibilities can change a lot of things about a person. The world has a way on stamping on that little twinkle until it flickers and then finally dies. Not for Donald Byron. He’d been doing this for a long time. This was car was more than a car to him. It was an echo chamber where the eighteen year-old who liked to drive out into the middle of nowhere and smoke a bag of weed and listen to loud music lived on. As soon as he got behind the wheel he was a kid again, the whole world at his feet.
	For Tuesday, it was the exact opposite. If anything she felt very, very old. After spending the entire day cooped up in this vehicle, having barely eaten or drank anything, Tuesday was beginning to feel a creeping pressure at the base of her skull. The earlier bounce hadn’t helped matters much. It had made her brain cry out like it had been roused from a deep sleep by a large, heavy body falling on top of it, one that had already started to smell. That bounce had brought with it the realization of just how resigned to her fate she’d become. Wade, as far as she knew, was dead, cooked alive in his own car, and now she was on her way to meet the wizard, the wonderful wizard of Oz. Only there were no red shoes waiting for her at the end of this journey, and her escort was certainly not the Cowardly Lion. The Tin Man, maybe.
	That bounce had made her realize something else, though. It made her realize just how badly she needed to urinate. And that gave her an idea.
	“I have to pee,” she said.
	“Yeah? Join the club.”
	He was leaning forward, his chest level with the steering wheel as he drove. His eyes were narrowed, as though this would somehow illuminate the path to Sombrero Peak that he was having so much trouble finding with his eyes wide open.
	“I’m serious. I feel like I’m going to pop.”
	“We’re almost there. Hold it.”
	The headlights weren’t on. Not yet. Little by little, the road was being swallowed up by approaching darkness. All she could see was what was directly ahead of the car, and what was directly ahead of the car was only more road, long and endless. She didn’t dare look to either side of her. A few minutes ago, just as the sun was starting to disappear behind the hills, she was sure that she could see black figures walking towards the highway from the desert, their bodies chipped and cracked where their skin had been charred by some intense, sudden heat of which only the desert could dream. No, it was better to keep her eyes ahead. There were less surprises that way. But the longer they drove, the more insistent the horrible idea became that this might not be a road to Sombrero Peak at all, that their fate might be to travel this night road forever, together.
	“Jesus,” she groaned, and began to grind her thighs together. Small, pained moans fell from her lips. They sounded cheap and disgusting, but they continued to fall nonetheless. “This is killing me. Please, can we just pull over?”
	“So you can make a run for it? I’m not that stupid, sweetheart. There’s a lot of years between me and the hay truck.”
	“Please…”
	“No. Shut up already. I’m trying to think.”
	Okay, she thought, and took a deep breath. Ace in the hole. “If you’re not going to let me out, then I’m going to have to go right here.”
	“Don’t you even think about it. You’ve done enough damage to my car for one lifetime. You so much as think about letting loose, I’m giving you the rag again.”
	“Up to you. As soon as I’m passed out, I’m just going to let go anyway. I won’t be able to help it.”
	“We’re almost there. As soon as we’re out, you can find yourself a nice little bush to piss behind. Consider it your last wish granted.”
	“Shit,” she gasped. “I’m sorry. I…I couldn’t help it…”
	“No!” he shouted. A spray of dirt and rocks flew out from the Ford’s tires as Donald brought the car to a violent stop. Tuesday was jolted forward in her seat, and now she actually did feel her bladder tighten. How about that? Her body was buying into its own lies. “You listen to me,” he hissed, turning to face  her. “One drop of piss hits these seats, I’m not going to wait. I’m going to gut you right here.”
	He was staring right into her eyes. Trying to scare her. Rather than turn away, Tuesday stared right back. “Yeah? And how do you think your boss is going to feel about that?”
	At that, Donald broke the stalemate. Tuesday saw his jaw tighten as he looked away. “You’re somebody who likes to tap dance on thin ice, little lady,” he said. “I don’t like it.”
	The door opened and Donald stepped out of the car. He didn’t move for a moment, as though considering whether this was something he really wanted to do or not. A rush of cooling air swept into the car, lifting Tuesday’s hair from around her shoulders, but only slightly. It was so dry and tangled from four days exposed to the elements that the best it could manage was a slight, disinterested shrug. Oh well, whatever, never mind.
	He slammed the door so suddenly and violently that it made her jump, and then there he was, stalking around in front of the car, staring through the windshield right at her like a wolf making sure that its dinner doesn’t get the chance to run off. He had something in his hand. She recognized it immediately. The knife glinted in the fading light of day. The last time she’d seen it, she was standing in the middle of the road with tears streaming down her face, begging him to just take her home while she swore she would never tell anybody about him, not ever. Her heart, making the connection, began to slam violently against her sternum. The reaction was purely visceral. In her head, where rage and rational thought came together in a perfect union, she was filled with a hate so violent that for a moment she thought she might actually be able to tear the duct tape binding her wrists together with a single, rage-fueled motion. There would be no half-joking offers to help her get her pants off so she could do her business. Not tonight. Tonight, Donald Byron was far beyond jokes, his patience exhausted.
	“Get out,” he ordered as he opened her door. The knife hovered inches from her face. Grinning at her. Well, hell-o.
	As soon as she was out, he slammed the door. Then, as she was walking towards the curb, he gave her a hard shove that sent her sprawling face-first onto the side of the road. She saved herself at the last moment by rolling onto her side, scraping the hell out of her elbow and reawakening a pain in her shoulder that she must have picked up when Donald slammed his monster Ford into Wade’s Oldsmobile. It wasn’t hot out here anymore, she thought. The desert was cooling down for the night. Saving its energy. But there was something different in the air. The barest hint of electricity. Her fingers scraped across the ground as Donald yanked her to her feet. It didn’t take much. By now she couldn’t weigh more than a hundred and ten pounds, and even that was probably reaching. Dirt ground against her boots in a low, musical-sounding growl. “Give me your wrists,” he ordered.
	She did as she was told. He angled the knife just below her duct tape bonds, its business end pointed right at her gut. A queer light illuminated his eyes, but it extended no further. In the distance a coyote howled, and was joined by another. Another. They had found a body. It was in their low, mournful howls. A requiem for one of their own. She had to fight hard to keep her mouth a thin line. The slightest tremble, the smallest trickle of moisture running down her cheek, and it was all over. Even if he didn’t kill her, he would have won.
	“You know what I’m going to do if you try to trick me.”
	She nodded. 
	“I may owe him, but I’m pretty sure that so long as you die out here and nowhere else, he’ll be forgiving. A lot more forgiving than I will. I’ll take Little Nero here,” he said, and glanced down at the knife, “and I’ll tear your insides out, and then I’ll strangle you to death with them. Do you believe me?”
	“Yes.”
	He kept his eyes locked on hers a moment longer. Far away, the howls died out, one by one. The wind blew, but now sounded like television static. He held her by the arm with one hand while the knife began to saw through the layers of duct tape he’d wrapped around her wrists. No mistakes this time. Her fingers were closed into tight fists. In each of them she cradled a handful of coarse desert sand.
	“You’ve got thirty seconds. If you’re not done by then, I’m gonna pull you back here by the hair with piss streaming down your—”
	Tuesday whirled, releasing the handfuls of sand into the air as she did. Donald screamed. The sand fell back to the earth in a rain shower rhythm, followed by the thunderclap of Little Nero hitting the ground. Donald howled again, more out of anger than pain this time. She kicked out, putting as much force into the blow as she could muster, and her heart leapt with satisfaction as the toe of her boot made hard, merciless contact with Donald Byron’s groin.
	“Fuu—!”
	Tuesday took off running. First it was the sound of Donald Byron’s enraged threats chasing after her, and then it was Donald Byron himself. He hadn’t had the chance to become as accustomed to the desert’s terrain as she had, and she suspected that it was that combined with the pain that kept the distance between them comfortable. A stitch opened up in her side as she ran. She forced herself to focus on moving forward, on getting away. To where, she had no idea. There was the near-desperate thought that maybe they hadn’t gotten that far away from Wade’s Oldsmobile, that maybe the moonlight would catch the glint of metal and she could make it to that, maybe even in time to save Wade’s life.
	“Fucking little bitch! Little whore!”
	Her legs burned. Her lungs were furnace-hot. As she ran she became aware of the shadows again, of silver, dead fish eyes staring out at her from charred and blackened faces. A rustle flew on the wind that could only be voices chattering excitedly, enjoying the show. They crowded in on her, a living gauntlet with hands that reached for her but passed through her solid mass like vapor. She shut her eyes against them, hoping they would go away, and it was then that her foot caught on some root protruding from the ground.
	She stumbled, almost fell. She had a fraction of a second to recognize the sound directly behind her as a foot fall, and then Donald Byron’s fist came down in a whistling arc—whoosh. A rocket took off inside of her head and exploded into a supernova of sparks and debris mere inches above the launch pad. One of her teeth came loose and tumbled down her throat when she drew in a shocked breath. A second explosion sent her to her knees, and then onto her back.
	“I warned you. Didn’t I warn you?” Donald demanded. She barely heard it. All was sound, all was swirling darkness. She lay on her back in a great, turbulent ocean. And at the center of it, the moon. On its surface was a face; gaunt, with hollows under its eyes that spoke of a millennia without sleep. Its mouth was curled upwards in a benevolent smile. It glowed in the sky above, a stage light for Tuesday’s induction to eternity. The man in the moon, she thought. He’s really there.
	Another body drew across the moon. The face that now stared down at her was dark, and it was cruel. Donald let his full weight drop onto her midsection. Her mouth expelled a great rush of air, but her mind was far beyond awareness of her body’s pain. He was straddling her chest, pinning her arms to her sides with his knees. Powerful hands closed around her throat. Beneath the rushing waves inside of her head she could hear him muttering to himself. Things about understanding, about patience finally running out. None of it mattered. She was in the whirlpool, her arms out, the water splashing against her body, washing her clean. Above her was a vast panorama of stars, still at first, and then beginning to whirl until they were a blinding carousel of light in the sky. It was the carnival, all the rides new and clean, just waiting for her to arrive with ticket in hand. She opened her mouth and tilted her head back; maybe for air, or maybe just to make it easier for him, so it would be over quickly and she could get her rest at last. From somewhere far away, she could hear Donald Byron murmuring, “Little cunt. Little whore. Wanna make a fool out of me, huh?”
	It didn’t matter. She was slipping away. It was all over now. 
	A loud thunderclap sliced through all other sounds. The weight on top of her tumbled away. The ocean went with it. It screamed as it disappeared, high-pitched cries of agony. She opened her eyes and saw Donald getting to his feet, a hand clapped to one side of his head. Only there was something wrong. The moonlight caught the black oil flowing from between his fingers. No. Not oil. Blood. And then he was turning and running for the road. 
	A spray of dirt, and then there was a motorcycle towering above her. At its top sat a savage god, his face bloody. In one hand he held a revolver. A thin tendril of smoke still trailed up from its barrel.
	“You okay?” Carlos asked. 
	Her reply was drowned out by the sound of a door slamming nearby, and then Wade was there. He was alive, and now his arms were around her, pulling her up, his face a mask of panic. Independent of her mind, her body shot into a sitting position, and she threw her arms around him.
	“P-please b-b-be you,” she begged. Tears streamed down her face. “Oh my g-god, please be you!”
	“It’s me,” he said. “Come on. We’re getting out of here.”
	“Yeah, it looks like he is too,” Carlos said. Wade looked up. Donald Byron had made it to his Ford. The road before it was illuminated like a pair of glowing yellow eyes, one much weaker than the other. Eyes that were slowly turning their gaze towards them. “Get her to the car,” ordered Carlos. “I’m gonna make sure that motherfucker doesn’t get away.” With that he rode off, on a roar of mechanical thunder.
	Wade lifted Tuesday into his arms and ran to the waiting Oldsmobile. She held on tight, fighting against a lingering dizziness that threatened to pull her back into darkness once more. He set her down in the passenger’s seat by way of the driver’s side door. After clasping her seat belt for her, he got into the Oldsmobile and slammed the door. A tangle of torn wires hung from the stripped ignition panel. The eyes of the Ford had turned to them. They were coming on fast. Not far behind them trailed the single golden eye of the Harley.
	“Guess he wasn’t trying to make a break for it after all,” Wade said. He brought his foot down on the accelerator. A day baking in the heat hadn’t done the Oldsmobile any favors. The engine now sounded like a coffee grinder on its last legs. Thankfully, the sound faded away quickly. A curtain had descended over the world, and the only things that existed there now were three roaring engines.
	Night had fallen.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
A few inches to the right, and Donald’s brains would be splattered all across the desert floor right now. The way he felt, he almost wished for that. The bullet had split his cheek wide open. The wind rushing through the window turned the wound into an air pocket that just kept getting bigger and bigger. He rolled the window up, his jaw set. He’d been shot. That fucking wetback had actually shot him. Twice in one day, he’d been shot by the very sons of bitches he’d spent day in and day out trying to put behind bars and keep there. Well that just wasn’t going to fly, was it sisters and brothers? Despite the blood streaming out of his cheek, there was still enough in his body to go south and make his cock as hard as the Mexican’s gun barrel while he thought about knocking that little prick off of his bike and crunching his bones into a fine powder beneath the wheels of his Ford. Gonna fuck you with this little beauty, my friend. You’re never gonna walk again after I’m through with you.
	The Harley’s one headlight raced towards him, bouncing in sporadic jerks as it rode across the desert landscape. The Ford bounced into the air as it left the highway and entered the desert proper. Donald had been hesitant to take his baby off road. He was afraid of hurting her. But now, to his great pleasure and surprise, he found that she was holding herself fine, just fine. Her roar was loud, and it was angry. She wanted this. She was all but straining at her leash. Let me at him, begged the Ford. Just one shot, lover. We’ll fuck him together. You and me.
	“Yeah baby,” he whispered, and turned the car stereo’s volume knob a few clicks to the right. “You and me.”

Carlos realized just in time what Donald was going to do. He changed course at the last second. The Ford raced past him. The wind from the near-miss sent his hair flying out behind him. There was no squeal as the Ford’s driver slammed on his brakes, only the roar of sand flying. Now the Ford turned back to him, steam rising from behind its hood. It looked like an enraged bull. Off road, it had a lot more freedom to move around. Not that it mattered much; the fact was, the Harley was a lot smaller and thus, much more maneuverable than the Ford. Carlos drove around the Ford’s passenger side and took off deeper into the desert, towards the single headlight that cut a path through the night for him. The uneven terrain made his ass hurt but he found that the faster he went, the less he noticed the pain. He came alongside the Oldsmobile. His one headlight illuminated Wade and Tuesday inside. She was awake, leaning forward.
	“You guys get the fuck outta here!” he shouted, waving one arm for emphasis. “If I can lead him towards that mountain down there, I can make his fuckin’ ass crash!”
	“You’re not going to make it!” Wade shouted back. He jerked the wheel to the right, barely missing a large rock. “Spread out! If we can box him in, we might be able to lead him to those rocks at the base.”
	“Box him in? You fuckin’ crazy?”
	“Just do it!” Wade shouted. He turned the Oldsmobile around, and sped towards the Ford.
	“What are you thinking?” Tuesday asked.
	Wade glanced at her. He wanted to grin. In the movies, action heroes always grin. But this was no movie, and he certainly found nothing funny about this situation. Too many people had died for this insanity. He reached out flicked off his headlights. His mouth remained a hard, thin line. “We’re going to kill him,” he replied.
	Tuesday nodded. “Good.”
	
Come on…come on…
	The Harley’s tail light glared back at Donald, a wary red slit of an eye. The Ford hit another bump, but its jump wasn’t as severe as he’d expected. His baby was just as focused on the mission at hand as he was. There would be time to nurse their respective wounds later. The speedometer hovered just above eighty miles per hour. A dangerous speed. One that the Harley was determined to test. Well, it could test all it wanted. At the end of the day, you can’t beat a classic. The gap between them was closing fast. Just a little more…a little more…and as soon as the wetback was goo stuck to his tires, he was going to go after the Oldsmobile and reclaim what was rightfully his. 
	Above the roar of his engine, he didn’t hear the Oldsmobile’s. With only a few yards lying between his car and the Harley, he licked his lips, already tasting the blood in the air. Just a little more…
	The Oldsmobile slammed into the passenger’s side of the Ford. Donald’s hands flew away from the wheel, his body saved from slamming into the door by the seatbelt holding him in place. That didn’t save his entire body from being thrown violently forward, however, nor did it save his nose from breaking when it made hard, merciless contact with the steering wheel. The music died without so much as a death rattle. He screamed, both hands coming up to trap the pain between them, stop it from spreading. It was no use. The pain fanned outward on a million spider legs until it covered his entire face. Through all of this, his foot remained pressed against the accelerator. The Oldsmobile disengaged, its headlight coming on as it did, and took off after 
the Harley.
	“Oh, you little shit. You little shit,” Donald sneered. His fingers found their grooves in the steering wheel and held tight. His master was going to get what he wanted. Soon, very soon, Wade Kanaan would be a lifeless crash test dummy trapped inside of a burning car, and the whore, if she was still alive by then, was going to watch him die. He’d duct tape her to her seat before he set the car on fire, and he’d make damn sure to duct tape those pretty blue eyes of hers wide open, so she could watch the entire show. Or as much as she could before the heat dis-integrated those eyes inside of her head. He hoped she would be alive for that. Oh, he most certainly did.
	
“I’m pretty sure you got his attention,” Tuesday said.
	Wade looked into the rearview mirror, at the pair of headlights coming after him. One, he noted, was dimmed considerably. It looked like it was staring at him from underneath a particularly nasty bruise.
	“Don’t suppose you have a gun somewhere back there, do you?”
	Wade shook his head. “I’m afraid of them.”
	The Ford slammed into the Oldsmobile’s driver’s side. A shower of broken glass rained down over Wade’s head and shoulders. Tuesday, who had been in the process of climbing into the back seat, was thrown backwards, right into the dashboard. The glue that held the pages of On the Road in place had melted away in some places, and the wind rushing through the broken window made them flap. Wade pulled away, putting some distance between the Oldsmobile and the Ford, while Tuesday carefully drew her legs underneath her body and crawled past him, into the back seat.
	“What are you doing?” he asked.
	“You’re driving a sardine can on wheels. He’s driving a tank. You’ve gotta have something back here we can…” Her voice trailed off.
	“What?”
	“How about this?” she asked.
	Wade glanced over his shoulder. In her hand was a bottle full of amber liquid. Glendronach, 1958, read the label.
	
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Each step left a black scorch mark upon the face of the earth. Aru’s heart, if what beat inside of his chest could be called a heart, thumped harder than he remembered it ever thumping before. Shadows swirled around him, a whirling cyclone of darkness.
	This was slipping out of control. Worse, he’d let it slip out of control. The rider had been an unforeseen development. Had he been run down at night, Aru would have personally made sure that he burned to death right there in the middle of the highway. The Oldsmobile, too. The girl, as far as he was concerned, was useless. Byron could have her if he wanted her.
	Byron…that was another problem. He believed that delivering the girl to him was going to make them square, would allow him to walk out of the desert, never to return, the balance between them even-steven. It was a nice little dream, but Byron was in for a rude awakening as soon as he arrived at his final destination with the girl in tow. Aru was a man who planned ahead, and he hadn’t delivered a life to Donald Byron, a life that the low-class little prick would never have had if not for him, intending it for his use alone. Aru was going to leave this place behind the wheel of a beautiful 1950 Ford Tudor, fully restored, with a brand new life waiting for him in Albuquerque. A wife, a child. They wouldn’t suspect for a moment that the man who walked through the door of that beautiful little suburban home was anyone but their own loving husband and father. Whether or not that lasted concerned him not in the least. So long as he could maintain that life long enough to gain his own foothold in this world, he would be home free, free at last. 
	The three vehicles were coming directly towards him. They were a ways off, yet. That was fine. The rider wasn’t long for this world, and Wade Kanaan’s Oldsmobile would never last against Byron’s Ford. It didn’t matter if Byron killed them both before they made it here. So long as Wade died in the desert, his desert, Aru would be able to capture his energy and use it to free himself.
	But for now, he thought, staring at the single headlight to the Ford’s right, what mattered was removing a couple of x-factors from the game.

Carlos rode with one hand wrapped around the throttle, the other balanced just atop it. The gun was a heavy rock in his hand that only grew heavier and heavier the longer he held it. He wasn’t a good shot; never had been. That’s why he wasn’t willing to risk twisting around in his seat and firing a shot over his shoulder at the approaching Ford. The sound might be enough to scare the driver, but that wouldn’t last very long, and in the two seconds it took for him to pull his own eyes from the road and aim there was a whole laundry list of bad things that could happen to his bike. Whatever Wade was planning, he needed to hurry the hell up with it.
	The ground vibrated in time with the Ford’s monstrous engine, growing more and more violent with every foot gained. Carlos glanced off to his right. The Oldsmobile was riding to the Ford’s right, almost but not quite matching the larger vehicle in speed. Come on, you mother…slam him, slam him. His wrist hurt like hell. The bones in his hand had become a network of interconnected tuning forks; strike one, and the rest would ring forever. It was hard to imagine there ever coming a day when he didn’t feel it. Even in his sleep, he would feel it.
	The desert beneath the Oldsmobile’s tires screamed in agony as the car made a sharp turn into the Ford. Carlos slowed a little, allowed his fingers to ease back on the throttle. Metal ground against metal, a violent, ugly sound that was like a giant tearing sheet metal apart with its teeth. Carlos opened the gap between Danny’s Harley and the Ford, then extended his arm. The Ford’s driver glanced at him, his lips pulled back in an angry sneer. The sight of him made Carlos drop his arm just a little. The driver’s face was covered in blood. The only part of it that wasn’t an ugly shade of crimson were his eyes, and those glowed with a violent, barely-contained rage. The Oldsmobile slammed into the Ford again, making its occupant jump in his seat. He turned his head from side to side, as if he were trying to decide which of his attackers was the more pressing concern.
	Byron twisted his wheel to the right, towards the Oldsmobile. 
	Only that isn’t where the Ford went.

	Carlos had just enough time to realize that there was something very wrong inside of the car before it slammed into the Harley’s back tire. The entire bike came alive beneath him, wriggling like a decapitated snake. He held tight to the throttle, turned into the skid. That returned to him some measure of control and he pulled away, hoping to gain back a little more. From here, he had a good view of the Ford. The whites of its driver’s eyes were still the only thing he could see of a human face, but now they were wide, and his hands were no longer wrapped around the steering wheel. They hovered just above, all ten fingers splayed out. As Carlos watched, the wheel twisted to the right. The impact was hard, the kind of hit that don’t-give-a-fucks are made out of. The entire left corner of the Oldsmobile crumpled in on itself like curdled milk, drowning and finally killing the headlight. Its occupants screamed in shock and terror. Carlos fell back a little, trying to get a look inside. Wade was holding his left arm with his free hand, his teeth grinding together in pain. But he couldn’t see the girl—had she fallen out? The thought made him grit his own teeth. No, not that. Not after all of this. 
	He raised his gun. Yeah, run him into the rocks. Good plan. But when it comes right down to it, you can’t beat a tiny ball of lead slicing through the air at six hundred feet a second, aimed right for the soft tissue beneath a thin layer of bone.
	He almost had a bead on the driver when he felt a pair of thin, bony arms creep around his back and wrap themselves around his waist. In his shock, he almost dropped the gun. Pure instinct and that alone made him hold on. All at once the air around him became unbearably toxic. It was like walking through the scene of some mass slaughter with only a thin handkerchief against his nose to protect from the smell. It wasn’t the sickly sweet smell of rotting meat; it was the smell of meat being left out to cure for far too long in the middle of summer. This smell was beyond stench. The hands around his waist tightened. A gentle, affectionate squeeze.
	“Go faster, Los,” whispered Aurimar into his ear. Her breath even felt rotten against his skin. “You know how I like to go fast.”
	The mooring lines that anchor our minds to the sane, to the rational, began to snap, one after the other. Yet Carlos retained enough presence of mind to remember the gun in his hand. Without thinking, he raised it over his shoulder and fired. The report was loud, and nearly deafened him.
	And still, the hands held on.

“What’s happening?” Wade shouted. Tuesday, crouched in the back seat behind him, jumped at the sound of the gunshot. Carlos was still on the bike, only he held the gun over his shoulder, not out towards the Ford. This wasn’t part of the plan. The Ford’s metal body ground against the Oldsmobile’s aluminum one, seemingly unaware of what was happening a few feet away from it.
	“Whatever you’re doing back there, do it faster!”
	“I’m almost done!” Tuesday shouted back.
	Another gunshot. And another. Over the rushing wind, Wade thought he could hear Carlos screaming. “Get the fuck offa me! Get the fuck off!” Wade looked. There was no one there. As he watched, Carlos squeezed the trigger once more. Instinctively, Wade ducked.
	The base of Sombrero Peak lay less than a football field’s length away now.

Inside of the Ford, Donald Byron was just getting his bearings back. Help. That’s what this was. And why not? The Man was protecting his investment, no different from when Donald sold off stocks early so as to avoid a potentially devastating loss. It was smart business.
	“Okay,” he said, bringing his voice back under control by degrees while his fingers found their holds in the finger grips. “I think I’ve got this now.”
McCracken/The Road Below/228
	As if hearing and understanding him, the wheel went slack. Beside him, the wetback’s screams were becoming hysterical. Choked and yet high-pitched, like the wind he was inhaling were helium instead of oxygen. Grinning now, Donald glanced into the Oldsmobile. The little shit had his body twisted around in his seat, looking right in his direction, but he wasn’t looking at Donald. No, his eyes were on the screaming Mexican beside him. 
	“Well now,” Donald said, “how about we really give ya something to look at?”

The gun was empty, yet Carlos kept on squeezing the trigger. Auri’s arms remained locked around his waist. Every squeeze brought another low, amused chuckle. Silly Los, she used to say. She didn’t say it now, but she didn’t have to. He threw the gun away and grabbed hold of her wrist, intending to throw her off. It crumbled like old parchment between his fingers. 
	“Itchy’s waiting, Los,” she whispered. “He can’t wait to see you.” And then, the most horrible thing of all: some wet, wriggling thing that could only be Aurimar’s tongue traced a slow, seductive path from his jawline to his earlobe.
	The last mooring line snapped. His mind left adrift, Carlos began to scream. He was still screaming when Donald Byron jerked the Ford’s wheel hard to the left, sending Carlos flying through the night. His last thought before his skull cracked open against a large, box-shaped rock was, She let go. Thank God, she let go.

“No!” Wade screamed.
	He watched, horrified, as Carlos flew, as the Harley fell like an exhausted racehorse and was promptly crushed to death beneath the Ford’s tires. The sound was like breaking bones, and was more felt than actually heard. The Ford’s horn blared, a roar of triumph. Free from distraction, the driver turned back to Wade, grinning. He pulled one hand away from the steering wheel and extended it towards Wade, the upraised middle finger an ugly exclamation point to the devastation behind them. Then he turned the wheel gently to the left, until the two cars were touching. Then he slowly, very slowly, began to steer the Oldsmobile towards a large outcropping of rocks at the base of Sombrero Peak. 
	“Tuesday…” he managed.
	“Your lighter!” she shouted back.
	It scared him to do so, but Wade pulled a hand away from the steering wheel and stuck it into his pocket. For a moment he was afraid that it was empty, but no, the lighter was simply trapped in a fold. He worked hard to free it, and when he did, tossed it over his shoulder and into the back seat. “That’s your brilliant idea? A lighter?”
	“No,” she replied, climbing into the passenger’s seat. In her hand was the bottle of Glendronach, a torn piece of one of his shirts stuffed into the bottle’s mouth. It was dripping wet. “This is.”
	She brought the lighter to the piece of shirt, took a breath, and flicked it.
	And nothing happened.

Donald Byron grinned in the darkness. Had there been someone sitting in the passenger’s seat beside him, that someone no doubt would have been clawing at the door handle, screaming for him to stop, to let them out. Though the night had fallen, and the cold in the air with it, the Ford’s interior remained at a nice, even temperature. Even on the hottest of days, when you were pulling your balls away from your thigh every three seconds, this car remained comfortable. This car… He’d known from the second he laid eyes on her that she was special. That she was his. It’s easy to view a car simply as a means of conveyance from point A to point B. Spend a couple thousand on it, and it’s damn easy to feel like you own it. Donald knew better. The best relationships aren’t master-slave, but equal partnerships. They last. And under the right conditions, both parties might even be willing to die for each other.
	Sombrero Peak thrust out of the earth not six hundred feet away. They were coming on it fast. Another forty seconds or so and the two cars, separated by a couple of decades and differing quality in materials and construction, would be equals in flame.
	To hell with it, he thought. Maybe this was the end. Maybe he’d been riding on this road his entire life, and now it was time to go out the way he’d always expected to. Hell, the way he’d always wanted to. His life insurance was paid up. There was no proof that anything had happened out here aside from some poor, innocent pillar of the community being terrorized by a couple of lunatics who got their rocks off causing murder and mayhem out on the highways of America. Occupy meets Easy Rider. When all was said and done, he’d come out of this looking like a hero. Money really does talk, and it always speaks loudest for whoever has the most of it. In the end, that wasn’t a horrible legacy to leave behind. Not at all.
	He rammed the Oldsmobile again. Bits and pieces of candy glass that had been holding on to its window frame for dear life now fell away. All at once, the interior of the Oldsmobile was awash in light. Donald turned to look, transfixed, just in time to see the Bitch twisting her way out of the passenger’s side window.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
“Got it!” she shouted.
	At almost the same moment that rag burst into flame, Tuesday was up, thrusting her body out of the car through the open passenger’s side window. The wind whipped furiously at her face, threatening to extinguish the burning torch held tight in her right hand. She could almost hear a voice embedded inside of it, like a subliminal message. Don’t you dare I’ll kill you slow little bitch don’t you even god damn think about it—
	“Dinner’s served, you fuck!” she screamed. Her arm was a bowstring drawn tight, and now she released its payload with everything she had. The Ford, as though sensing what was about to happen, suddenly swerved and then put on speed. For one brief, terror-filled moment, Tuesday was certain she’d missed, but then she saw the bottle smash into a thousand pieces against the broken rear window on the Ford’s passenger side. A tidal wave of flame flooded into the car. The upholstery caught immediately. Suddenly the entire car was one great big fireball.
	She felt Wade’s hand grabbing hold of her jeans at the same moment the Oldsmobile swerved. The momentum sent her tumbling back into the car. In a way, that was better. The night became filled with screams, some of them human, most of them something else. All of them coming from the car now hurtling towards the mountain at deadly speed. The Ford slammed into the base of Sombrero Peak at close to one hundred miles per hour. Wade brought his foot down on the brakes just as it exploded.
	Its mission accomplished, the Oldsmobile gave a final, sputtering gasp, and died. The car skidded along the dirt, carried by its own momentum, before coming to a stop thirty feet away from the burning Ford and facing in the other direction. 
	They got out of the car together. The screams had stopped. Now the only sound to be heard was the crackling of flames as they danced along the Ford’s remains. Deep inside of it could be seen a single shadow, its forehead resting against the steering wheel as though asleep.
	“He’s dead,” Tuesday sighed. “Thank God.” She looked at Wade with tears in her eyes, and then wrapped her arms around him. 
	Wade staggered, almost fell. He felt like he was standing on a pair of cheap stilts; at any moment, gravity could take over and send him plummeting to the ground. He held her close, feeling the war drum-rhythm of her heart against his chest. They stood like that for a long time, ignoring the smell of cooking meat that the wind had picked up and carried over to them. The air cracked and popped. Some little bits of brush had caught fire and now burned brightly in a perimeter around the Ford’s wreckage. Shadows twisted and clawed their way up the rock face. And at the center of it all was Donald Byron’s pride and joy. Ding dong, the witch is dead. 
	“Well done, boy.”
	They pulled away from one another slowly, their heads following the sound back to the burning Ford. The sleeping shadow raised its head from the steering wheel in a series of stop-motion jerks, and then swiveled on its broken neck until its face was turned directly towards them. Its skin was scorched black, but its grinning teeth shown as white and brilliant as the stars above. Wade’s stomach turned as the thing’s smile widened, and the flaming meat that had once been Donald Byron’s lips fell from its face in large, half-melted chunks.
	“Well done,” it repeated. Even above the roar of flames, its voice carried. “Not that it matters. The game is over, and you’ve lost. When the sun rises tomorrow—assuming you live to see it—you’ll find no shelter. No food. No water. I’m willing to kill every living thing in this desert if it means you’ll suffer. You’re going to die out here. And just before you die, you’ll see my face. You’ll see my face, and then I’ll take your mind. That,” it said, its voice cracking as piece of blackened bone chipped and fell away, “is as close to mercy as you’re going to get from me.” The thing’s smile faltered, and then its head collapsed and fell forward, hitting the steering wheel with a barely-heard plomp.
	Wade backed away from the wreckage, pulling Tuesday along with him. It took her a while to tear her eyes away from it. She coughed hard, almost vomited. “Jesus,” she gasped. “You can almost taste him…”
	“Yeah,” Wade said, not wanting her to finish the thought. “Yeah, I know.” They stepped carefully around a twisted branch of burning brush and kept walking until they were stopped by the rock face behind them, and it was then that they fell, together, and landed in a heap at the base of Sombrero Peak.
	There was no room for thought. Wade closed his eyes, barely aware of his arm coming up and falling around Tuesday’s shoulders, or of Tuesday pulling him close, of her own arms wrapping around his waist. Sparks flew and popped all around them. It would have been easy to forget where they were, to imagine that maybe this was a different life, and that in this other life they were sitting together in the middle of the woods with a cooler full of beer and a tent nearby, but by that point both of them were beyond caring. They were alive—for how much longer they didn’t know, but for right now, they were alive, and that was good. It was good, and it was enough. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
They were awakened by a sudden, blinding burst of light. Both cried out at once, their hands coming up to shield their eyes. Through the dots swirling before his vision, Wade could see that the Ford still burned, though the flames were much lower now. He staggered to his feet, peeking between his fingers at his Oldsmobile, his Old Faithful, its eyes wide and open and glowing with a queer, silvery light. One headlight had been shattered by the Oldsmobile’s race against Donald Byron’s Ford, yet still light shone through its broken socket. A low, hungry growl sounded from beneath the Oldsmobile’s hood. Supper time, it said.
	Wade reached out, found Tuesday’s arm and pulled just as the Oldsmobile’s engine roared and its tires sent the car hurtling forward. They hit the ground together just as the Oldsmobile hit rock, its aluminum hood crumpling in on itself like a cheap tin can. The car grunted once, an angry, bewildered kind of sound, and pulled back. Wade could see it trying to turn towards them and scrambled to his feet, again pulling Tuesday with him, and together they backed away, the heat of the still-burning Ford at their backs. They watched as the Oldsmobile rushed forward again, its face slamming into the rock hard enough to bend the wheel house, and again, and again. The sound of aluminum cracking and breaking came and went in a mechanized, thunderclap rhythm.
	“What is it doing?” Tuesday asked.
	“It’s him,” Wade replied. “Aru, making sure that lightning doesn’t strike twice.” He thought of the water in the back seat, of the extra clothes that might have made handy shields against the heat of a desert in the daytime. And he realized what was going to happen next. “Stand back,” he said.
	Right on cue, the engine ruptured and the car exploded. They had been lucky before; they had had the luxury of distance to shield them from the shockwave that resulted from the Ford’s impact with Sombrero Peak. This shockwave was smaller, but at close range no less impressive. It lifted them and dropped them again just as quickly, leaving them sprawled across the dirt. By the time they sat up again, the Oldsmobile’s frame was trapped inside of a living, fiery cage. Wade draped an arm across his knee and stared. There you have it, folks. Trapped. 
	“Wade…”
	Tuesday’s voice quivered. Her body shook as she got to her feet; he could feel her hand trembling when she grabbed his arm. He stared out into the darkness, not sure what she was looking at at first, but then he saw it: a pair of golden eyes, staring out of the darkness right back at them. The fires of either side of them created a wide perimeter of light, but whatever lay beyond remained just at its periphery. It growled, and this growl was joined by another.
	And another.
	“Get behind me,” he said. His eyes caught on a flaming piece of brush. He lunged forward with both hands outstretched. Just as his fingers curled around it, Wade heard something rattle somewhere off to his right. This rattling was followed by a low hiss. He struck out blindly. Whatever the flaming bit of brush hit, it was solid, and it gave a startled, high-pitched cry. Wade caught a glimpse of a long, thin shadow twisting and snapping at the air as it sailed through it, before landing in the remains of Donald Byron’s back seat. By some small mercy, the snake’s death cries were short-lived.
	“Come on!” he shouted. The flames were rapidly eating their way through the brush, right to his hands. He could feel them blistering but, strangely, there was no real pain to accompany it. He was beyond that now. He didn’t care about blisters, or about burns. All he cared about was causing as much pain as possible to the creatures that hovered at the edge of the light before they made their way inside. “Come on!”
	Tuesday had found her own piece of burning brush. Her eyes were narrowed and staring out into the night, almost daring what lay at its frontiers to come in and try to get a taste. She felt safer, holding this flaming weapon in her hands, but she knew that it was only a matter of time before the fire died, and the bulk in her hands would be reduced to ashes and dust. Even now, the flames licking across the Ford were growing tired, their violent yellow glow becoming a dark orange. The Oldsmobile had already completed its journey to blackened hulk. Small fires still burned here and there, but with less food of any substance to consume, the flames had grown tired and were dying far more quickly. Any second now, she thought, and they were going to be on their own.
	As if hearing this thought, the first coyote stepped into the circle, its head low and its teeth bared. It was joined by two others, one coming from Wade’s right, the other from Tuesday’s left. Their teeth too were bared. By the light of the dying fires, they appeared to be grinning. Gotcha now. Gotcha. Gotcha.
	Wade waved the flaming brush first towards the coyote to his right, then the one advancing on them from the front. “Any bright ideas?”
	Tuesday was backing away, her body angled downwards with the brush extended away from her. She hadn’t realized how close she was to the rock face until her back bumped into it. She turned, craned her neck up. The coyote to her left, sensing distraction, deciding to take the risk, leapt. She turned her attention back to it at just the right time: swinging blindly, she caught the coyote across the snout. The impact broke off a large section of branch, but it was enough to send the coyote flying back to the ground, whimpering and sneezing as it retreated back into the safety of the shadows. What she held in her hands now was barely longer than a child’s plastic baseball bat, and with about the same hurting power. She tossed the piece of brush to the ground, turned, and ran her fingers over the rock until she found a hold, and then pulled herself up.
	“What are you doing?” Wade shouted over his shoulder.
	“It’s flat up there,” she said, gritting her teeth as she pulled herself up another foot. “Come on!”
	The first coyote was only a few feet away. The light from the flames pulled its shadow taut behind it, stretching it right back into the darkness from whence it came like a tether. It lowered its head and growled. The third coyote had recovered and joined the others. Open blisters on its snout seeped a milky yellow fluid that caught the light from the flames, making it glow. 
	The fire was almost out. Suddenly Wade lunged forward, holding the brush over his head like a sword, and brought its flaming end down right on top of the first coyote’s head. The air was suddenly filled with the scent of searing hair. Though the impact extinguished the flames immediately, the brush was still hot enough to send the coyote yipping and screeching as it danced away, hopping up and down, pressing its head into the dirt in a vain attempt to smother the pain. The third coyote, remembering this sensation, backed off, but the second was made of bolder stuff, and it leapt.
	Wade turned at just the right moment. Instead of the coyote’s teeth into his jugular, they sank into the meat of his left arm. The coyote snarled and growled as it tore, its head moving violently back and forth. Wade could hear screaming, was aware that his mouth was wide open, but he felt curiously removed from what was happening to him. He could smell his blood in the air, could feel it seeping out of his body and into the coyote’s mouth. Was barely aware of the coyote’s weight on top of him, of being on his back. He was at the hub of some great wheel, with all the world spinning around him.
	You win, he thought crazily. You win, okay? Just please stop already. Please.
	The coyote’s head suddenly stopped moving. The wheel slowed, came to a jerky stop. He felt heavier than he had before. It was only when he sat up, and the coyote’s limp body rolled off of him, that he realized he wasn’t dead after all. Beside the coyote’s unconscious body lay a large rock. About fifteen feet above him, standing on a smell ledge and just barely visible in the dwindling light, was Tuesday. And above her head she held a second, slightly smaller rock, ready to throw.
	The ring of light was growing smaller. The last of the fires were burning themselves out. Wade slowly got to his feet, his hand wrapped tight around the torn flesh of his left forearm. Growling could be heard coming from the darkness again, accompanied by the sounds of rattles and hisses. Despite the expanse of desert around them, Wade realized, he was trapped.
	“Come on!” Tuesday shouted.
	The first coyote had returned. The hair on the top of its head had been burned away, leaving a great bald patch. And when it growled this time, Wade could hear the threat in its voice as clear as day: I brought a few friends over for dinner, buddy boy. 
	Shaking, Wade turned to the great rock face before him. He felt with his fingers until he found the first hold, and then, carefully, pulled himself up. To his surprise, not one of the assembled desert creatures made a move to stop him.

CHAPTER THIRTY
Blood was flowing down Wade’s arm freely by the time he made it to the first plateau. Tuesday lay on her stomach a few feet above, both arms outstretched and reaching for him. As soon as he was within range she grabbed hold of both wrists, and from there helped him up the rest of the way. The moment his body made contact with flat earth again he rolled onto his back, breathing hard, and gasped, “That…was nothing…like the gym…”
	She looked over at him and laughed. “You look like warmed over death.”
	“Yeah, well,” he groaned and sat up, “at least we match.” He leaned over the edge and looked down. Heights had always made him dizzy, and by the looks of it no less than forty feet separated him from the pack of coyotes congregated around the base of the mountain. Forming a tight perimeter around them was a cornucopia of snakes, scorpions, and beetles, their clicks and hisses a strange accompaniment to the pops and cracks of dying fires. The coyotes, seven of them by his count, remained perfectly silent and still. Their faces were upturned to his. Jump, buddy. We’ll catch you. Can’t you tell by our smiles?
	Wade lay down again, turning away from the edge as he did. Tuesday scooted closer, looking at his arm. “Does it hurt?” she asked.
	“Pretty badly.”
	He felt her fingers hook into a large tear on one of his shirt sleeves, and then pull. The fabric came away with a loud, night-rattling rip. He winced as she wrapped the torn piece of fabric around his forearm, and had to bite back a startled cry when she pulled hard on both ends, sealing his wound beneath a thin layer of cotton. “Jesus. Aren’t the bandages supposed to be coming from your shirt?”
	“Your wound, your shirt.” She got to her feet and held her hands out for him to take. A moment later they were both standing at the edge, looking down. The coyotes were still sitting pretty, none of them growling, though Wade was certain that he saw the bald one grin, its teeth white and strong.
	“They seem pretty calm now,” she said.
	Wade ran his tongue along his lips. It was like rubbing two pieces of sandpaper together. And somewhere down there, Wade noted, no doubt burned down to its basic elements by now, there once was a flat of bottled water. “That’s because we’re right where he wants us.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“All the energy in this place? All of the strange things that have been happening to us? This is where it all begins. We’re standing in his living room.”
	He heard a rustling behind him, and then the click of a lighter. He felt more than saw the fire that erupted across a large bit of brush. Tuesday held it with both hands, her arms extended in two perfectly straight lines away from her body. “So we’ve got light, at least.” She swept her torch across the landscape surrounding them. “And it looks like there’s a trail here. Up or down.” She turned back to him and asked, “We’re not getting down from here, are we?”
	“I don’t think so.”
	“Then up it is,” she said, and started walking.
	“Hey, wait,” he said, and limped over to her. He took the torch from her. “You don’t have to do this. It’s me he wants. You, you’re…”
	“What? A bonus?” She smiled. “Maybe I am. But he’s going to have to work if he wants me. If he wants either of us.” She looked around until she found another piece of brush, picked it up, and then held hers against the flaming torch. It took only a few seconds for a second beacon of light to join the first.
	They began to walk, not really caring where their feet were taking them. As the old saw goes, all roads eventually lead to your final destination. The air around them crackled and buzzed, filled with electricity. Wade listened to the night whisper, only for once none of it was directed at him. He hadn’t heard a single inhuman voice since being released from the trunk. That both soothed and worried him. He thought about the diner, about the radio inside and how, as soon as Itchy flicked it off, his entire world exploded in a burst of static. Two sound waves can’t carry on the same current. What the curious silence on his end meant for him, he didn’t know. For the first time, he wished for other voices. For guidance.
	To his left, he heard something rattle. It sounded curiously like a snicker.
	About fifty feet on he heard a growl, and this one too, sounded like laughter. Silly kids, it said, just look at you, walking into these dark, dark woods all by yourselves.
	They were pushing up against something, the two of them. He could feel it rushing against his chest like a hard, unrelenting wind. The air was thin here, hard to breathe. Like walking into another world. Yes, that must be it. We take our worlds with us wherever we go. Aru’s had had a long time to gain a foothold on this mountain, in this reality, and that’s where they were going. The higher they went the more the desert faded away, perhaps even the great state of New Mexico along with it.
	The ground changed beneath them. It cracked like dried beetle’s wings. An entire field of them.
	“Watch your step,” he said, as much to himself as to Tuesday.
	Just then, a hard wind came up, extinguishing both of their torches as one. Tuesday muttered a curse and threw the useless bit of brush back to the earth. “Well, that’s great.” She dug into her pocket a moment, frowning. “The lighter’s gone. Shit. I must have dropped it.”
	“No,” he replied, peering forward. “I don’t think you did.”
	“What does that…?”
	The darkness shifted, like a curtain rustling. A hand behind it. All his life, Wade had been particularly susceptible to smell. It was the first thing he noticed in any new apartment, meeting any new person. The desert had a stale, cooked smell, like a roast left too long in the oven. His apartment in Vermont had, by the end, taken on the smell of stale beer, vomit, and dirty clothes. And the library…
	“No,” he whispered. “No.”
	“What? Wade? What’s happening?”
	The moon seemed to…unfold, somehow. The light spread in stops and starts, illuminating by degrees a row of bookshelves, tables. As it did, it ceased to be a natural light and became the too-bright, too-sterile illumination of fluorescent bulbs. Beyond the plate glass windows, he could see out into the plaza. There was no memorial there…where was the mem-memorial? Not once in the year since the shooting had Wade set foot in the Maier Memorial Library, but he was quite sure that he was standing on the third floor, facing south, and from here he should have been able to see that monstrous burst of doves escaping into the sky.
	The light continued to spread. The smells changed. No longer were they confined to old books and mildew. Now he could smell blood, fresh blood, in the air. So much of it that it made him gag. He raised his hand to catch the flood of vomit he just knew was waiting to get out, and that’s when he realized that his hand was no longer empty.
	“I’m…I’m sorry…” he said.
	Tuesday looked at him, and her eyes widened in horror. This was the gun made famous by gang wars and nobodies with nothing left to lose. He could see it, could smell the smoke rising from the barrel, and yet he didn’t believe it. Not there. Not there not there. His hand gave an involuntary jerk, and he felt the slightest give just beneath his index finger. The trigger waited patiently, but he could tell by the tension rising off of it that it wouldn’t be patient for very much longer.
	Blood calls for blood, he thought, seemingly out of nowhere. And there was blood. Plenty of it. The entire library was a Pollock splatter of gore. Some puddles were larger than others. Arterial sprays all across the walls. Yet there were no bodies. There was nobody here at all.
	“Tuesday…” he gasped, swaying on his feet. She caught him before he fell to the ground. He desperately willed his fingers to open so he could drop the gun, but they held firm. He realized with stomach-churning horror that he didn’t want to let go. The silver dollar scar on his torso grew hot and became to throb.
	“Oh, god,” he heard her say. The police department had been clear on this one point: no crime scene photos from the Meier Library would ever see the light of day. “Those freaks behind their computers can bitch and whine about their first amendment rights until the cows come home,” said Don Ridgeway, chief of police, “but I’ll see Satan go ice skating before those pictures are ever released.” Not that it made any difference now. Who needs pictures, when memory is so much more vivid? That’s exactly where he was now, he realized. He was in the House of Memory, and he’d invited Tuesday inside with him.
	“You have to leave.”
	“No.”
	“Please,” he said. That warmth in his belly was spreading, traveling along his veins and arteries directly to his finger still on the trigger. “You have to go.”
	Blood calls for blood. Calls for…
	In one swift motion, he pushed Tuesday away from him as hard as he could. She went tumbling over a chair, onto the floor. They landed together with a loud crash. Don’t do it! Don’t! Don’t! his mind screamed with every fiber of its being as the hand holding Mark Swope’s Glock rose, and the barrel settled directly on Tuesday’s chest. It rose and fell as breath left and then returned to Wade’s body in panicked heaves. 
	One bullet, whispered a small, sinister-sounding voice inside of his mind. That’s all it’ll take, and then she’ll be free. You both will.
	“Wade…” she whispered. Her voice was small and fragile, the voice of a frightened little girl. Around him, the crimson puddles turned first brown, and then black. He was doing her a favor, really. She could walk for days, and she would never find her way back to civilization. She was going to die out here. After all she’d done for him, wouldn’t it be the very least he could do for her to end it quickly, painlessly? He could feel a presence just over his shoulder, this one made of pure darkness. It fed off of the shadows pooled around him. Black shapes rose out of them, first as formless vapor, and then slowly taking on definition and mass. Each one, Wade realized, a life. A life sacrificed in Aru’s name. Not her. The only way to save her, to keep Aru from getting her, was to end her life himself.
	 “Wade…put it down.” She got to her feet slowly, both hands up and extended towards him. “This isn’t you. Think hard. You don’t want to do this. Not after everything that’s already happened. You know just as well as I do that this isn’t what all of this has been leading up to. Not this.”
	The weapon at the end of his arm wavered. “I…” He gazed at her, eyes wide and con-fused. “What’s the alternative? Don’t you get it? He’s already won. We got the other guy. That’s enough, isn’t it? He won’t be able to hurt anyone ever again.” He was sweating. He could feel the beads running down his face. All around him now were shadows, watching and waiting. They’d spent the last year chewing his ear off and now, with nothing left to say, they only waited. A debt was owed. Blood for blood. “Don’t we deserve this? Don’t we deserve an easy way out?”
	“Deserve this? After everything we’ve been through out here? That isn’t salvation in your hands, Wade, it’s him. You’re doing exactly what he wants you to do.”
	The gun twitched in his hand. Come on, lemme at ‘er. His head was swimming. It was over, wasn’t it? All of it. There was no other way for this to end.
	Go on, Wade, whispered that sinister voice again. Do the little scarecrow a favor.
	That heat…it was burning his very soul alive.
	“Run,” he managed. “Run away quick.”
	“Wade, I—” She took a step towards him, and this time he did almost shoot. He jabbed the barrel at her accusingly, and she stopped in her tracks. 
	“Run! Before I…”
	Wade jerked his arm free of whatever force was controlling it. It bent at the elbow, and when the movement was complete, the Glock’s tip was pressing into the soft flesh beneath his jaw. “Tuesday…please…”
	“Wade—” she began. One hand extended towards him while she took a slow, hesitant step forward. This was his only chance.
	He didn’t bother with a prayer. He simply closed his eyes, and squeezed the trigger.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
The gunshot that echoed through the night tore it apart as it flew through the air, the sound as lethal to the desert silence as a bullet to bone.
	Wade opened his eyes, expecting to be greeted by the sight of flames and a great, ebony-black demon with misshapen lumps of burning coal for eyes. It was not to be. He was still in the library. The fluorescent lights above flickered and dimmed, flickered and dimmed, and with them, so went the world. The desks, the bookshelves, everything was going in and out of focus.
	Tuesday lay on top of him. He barely felt her weight; four days in the desert had rendered her nearly weightless. Dust in the wind. The gunshot rang in his ears. “A-am I…?”
	“No,” replied Tuesday. She wasn’t looking at him. And now Wade’s eyes rose, his body turned itself over. Tuesday crawled off to the side without a word, resting on her haunches, her legs tensed and ready to run. The man who stood with his arms wrapped around his stomach and spitting blood onto the floor was tall, his hair long and slicked back against his forehead. He wore a tan duster and was clad in jeans that were caked in decades, maybe even centuries of dust. His face was a map of cracks and lines that looked like the desert floor itself. The figure spat a few more crimson globs onto the ground, gasping and grunting with pain. As he straightened, Wade realized that Aru wasn’t grunting at all; he was laughing. A final glob fell from his lips. It clattered noisily to the ground, rolling right up to Wade’s elbow. It was the bullet.
	“Well,” he said, and casually wiped the back of his hand across his mouth. “Hello to you too, Wade. Good to see you again. Your friend, too..”
	 “You… You did this. All of this…”
	“Oh, no. No, that was all Mark. Free will, Wade. Nobody likes it. At least not when that’s all they have left.
	“Go on,” he said. Wisps of black smoke—or shadows—now floated around his face, obscuring some parts and revealing others. “Ask me a question. Anything you like. Ask me about the Portal Worlds.” One hand came up, and in it was clenched a pack of old, frayed Bicycle playing cards. As Wade and Tuesday watched, Aru split the deck, and then held a half in each hand. Smiling, he let them go, and there they floated, as though they had been set on a tall, clear table in front of him. “Isn’t that what your kind is best at? Asking questions? ‘Does he love me back?’ ‘Will I defeat mine enemies upon the fields of battle?’ Such small, pointless questions for small, pointless minds.” One card rose from the half of the deck to Aru’s left and turned over, revealing a king of hearts. From the right came a jack of clubs. Smoke rose from the negative space of each one, as though they were made not of cheap paper, but of another world entirely. 
	“You had questions, and we gave you answers. Once upon a time my kind could cross between the worlds easily. We contented ourselves to act as your cheap fortune tellers because it gave us a hold in this world. The doors were barely doors at all, but open windows.
	“As time went on, those windows started to close. The air that kept our rivers clear and blue, kept our forests lush and green, became toxic to every living thing, until we were forced to leave, to settle permanently on your side of the Harron Door. You laid claim to our magic, Wade, and you renamed it science.” More cards rose from the deck. A slow, careful dance began, with some of the cards turning in groups while others fluttered off to the sides. The smoke within their negative spaces dissipated, and became clear windows into another world that was washed in reds and oranges; a world perpetually aflame. “Yours was bastard magic, and it poisoned our air. Our worlds…all worlds, were in perfect balance for centuries, until you decided that, as humans, you had the natural right to them all.”
	The last of the cards rose from the deck. Together, they formed a frame around Aru’s body that, from where Wade was standing, looked like an impenetrable brick wall. The designs on these cards were not those of your standard deck: the king’s face was old and wizened, his scepter broken at the middle. The queen’s throat was cut, a nice, even Glasgow smile to match the one she wore on her face. The jack’s face, meanwhile, was contorted with laughter.
	“What is this?” Tuesday asked. Her voice was small and full of wonder.
	As though startled by her words, an entire section of the card-wall collapsed and fluttered away, into the night. The rest of them spread out, reconstructing the wall’s original shape. The holes created by the cards’ departure remained, however, and through it Wade could see that burning landscape, wind blowing across it at hurricane speeds. He could hear it rushing through the air. Choking it.
	“It’s funny,” Aru said, “how quickly your kind forgets. You measure your intelligence not by your knowledge, but how much of it you’ve disregarded.” Light from this other world played across his face. “I waited. As our world was choked to death I remained at my post, helping those who made it through the Harron Door to your world. They left me behind. I am the Gatekeeper, and I had to remain here, in this prison, while the skies turned around me, scrounging for whatever sustenance I could find. The Harron Door isn’t a door at all, you see…it’s energy, and it gets weaker the more it’s used. I got weaker.”
	“You can’t leave here,” Wade said. “Not without somebody to take you with them.”
	“I don’t need to be taken anywhere. Do you see these legs?” he asked, gesturing down. “These legs have carried me across this desert and back a million times. There isn’t a single inch of this land that has not felt the burn of my feet. Not a single species of animal that hasn’t felt my teeth tearing into them.” He smiled and looked at Tuesday. “I’ve always been partial to young women, myself. Your bodies are so much more tender. Not so tough and gamey, like the men’s.	
	“But your energy is not enough. Humans operate at minimal capacity at all times, so you give me only enough to keep from falling apart. As you can see,” he said, and plucked a card from the air between two fingers. He then slashed it violently across his face. An entire section of his right cheek crumbled away like old sand. “I’m not the man I used to be.” The card, a three of hearts, fluttered to the ground. He next took an ace, waved it across his face. When this one fell, his face was whole again.
	“I pushed too hard with Mark. I know that now. I got excited. Many of those who cross over forget about this place as soon as they leave, but some part of them remembers, and they stay away. That’s why I could never get Mark to come here—his blood remembered, and it wouldn’t let him go.”
	“You made him go into that library.” Wade said this with no emotion in his voice. Truth be told, he felt sick. Something was wrong here. The scar in his side felt like it was growing. Becoming bigger. As though a vortex were opening inside of him.
	“Made him?” Aru laughed. “Oh, that’s rich. You know what’s always tickled me pink about your kind? For a people who love to go on and on about free will, you’re always so fast to blame everything and everyone but yourselves when things go wrong. Two boys in Colorado gun down an entire cafeteria full of their classmates, and you blame a hack musician from Florida. Nineteen men hijack a couple of planes, and you blame a book. 
	“No, I did not make Mark do anything. I would have preferred that he come to me of his own free will. He was the first of his kind born on this side of the door. Had he any idea of the power he had, he could have made himself a god among your kind. I can see through any mirror, at any place. Even windows are a kind of mirror; the purest kind there is, perhaps. I watched him grow. I worked on him all his life. I watched him open fire in that library and I knew that my last hope for escape was about to have his brains splattered across the floor. You were a lucky bonus, Wade, and you resisted me for a long time. I had to be subtle with you.”
	“The voices. That was you?”
	“You’re an antenna, Wade. I simply redirected all signals your way. As for everything else…” He smiled. “Even mindless racism can serve a purpose, sometimes.”
	“But you can’t touch me. That’s the reason for all of this smoke and mirrors.” Aru’s face fell, and in response, Wade smiled. “That’s it, isn’t it? I have to die out here for you to be able to leave, but you can’t kill me yourself.”
	“No,” replied Aru. “No, Wade, I can’t kill you myself.” The cards began to smoke, blacken and curl. The window into this other world became cloudy, and as the last of the cards burned away it disappeared entirely. All that remained of the cards was ashes, and it was these ashes that swirled around Aru’s body like a self-contained cyclone. “But,” he said, as a small, cryptic smile spread across his face, “I can kill her.”
	The library disappeared. It was now the three of them, alone in the desert. Only it wasn’t just them. Wade was aware of shadows—an entire army of them—gathered close by, watching and waiting. The cyclone stopped, seemed to hover, and then suddenly shot forward. Tuesday might have screamed, but the dust from the cards was swirling into her nose, into her mouth, choking off all breath.
	And the shadows, as though acting on a signal that only they knew, attacked her as one.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
“Tuesday!”
	Wade rushed forward, his hands curled into fists and punching at anything that looked solid enough to feel the hit. If nothing else, he wanted to pull their attention away from her. And yet every time he hit something his hand passed right through it, and all the while that choking dust swirled around him. His mouth was wide. He breathed in hard, trying to draw some of it in for himself, but it was no use; every time the dust came too close to his mouth or nose, the cloud shifted away from him. Insubstantial hands grasped at him, but he felt only Tuesday’s, desperately clawing at the air. Even through the confusion of the swirling cloud, he could hear Tuesday’s muffled screams, could smell her blood in the air. And he could see her skin splitting as the shadows clawed and bit at her.
	Wade broke away from the cloud. “Stop this!” he shouted at Aru. “Let her go!”
	“That’s up to you, Wade,” Aru shouted back. “When I get what I want, you get what you want.”
	The sound of rushing wind grew louder, though whether that was the swirling cyclone that was rapidly choking the life out of Tuesday or that of his own blood rushing through his ears, Wade had no idea. The wind had taken on a strange rhythm of its own, a kind of chanting that spoke of jungles, of fires lost in nothingness. Mindless, primitive. 
	The only way out is through him.
	The voice wasn’t in his head, yet it wasn’t entirely out there, either. Wade knew it immediately. It was the voice of the cowboy. And he smiled.
	In response, Aru’s own smile faltered, and then died. Wade wasn’t sure, but he thought that the cyclone itself hushed for a moment, as though sensing a change in the air and wanting to see what was going to happen next. Aru’s lips became a hard, thin line. For the first time, he showed fear. And drawing power from that, Wade took a step towards him. 
	“Don’t you dare,” said Aru.
	Wade didn’t bother to respond. This wasn’t a negotiation. This…this monster had destroyed countless lives, not including his own. For centuries, everything he touched had curled and turned to ash. He’d fed indiscriminately on anything that came within his reach. He was a vulture. He couldn’t leave, and so he’d stuck his claws into Donald Byron’s soul and forced him to bring food to him. Those same claws had sunk deep into the soft flesh of Mark Swope’s fragile sanity and popped it like a balloon. How many people were dead because of this creature now backing away from him? Hundreds? Thousands?
	You don’t get her, Wade thought. Not her.
	“Stop now,” warned Aru. But his voice had taken on a new tone. One that sounded utterly alien to his imposing presence. 
	Fear.
	Wade began to run. The ground beneath him cracked and broke under his weight, as though trying to split open so it could swallow him whole before he closed the distance between himself and Aru. Even the shadows tearing and clawing at Tuesday’s still, lifeless body had stopped, and were now staring at him in silent horror. A hand tried to close around his arm, but that hand passed through his body like air.
	I am shadow. I am Shadow. 
	“Stop!” Aru screamed.
	I am Death, destroyer of worlds.
	As Wade’s body slammed into Aru’s, his entire being was flooded with a heat that seared every nerve, every thought, into something beyond agony. For a moment he had the impression of a blinding white light, and then they were falling together. A pair of hands with long, sharp nails clawed at his back, at his arms. Blood leaked from a hundred tiny cuts as they fell and yet still, Wade held on. Somewhere very, very far away, he heard somebody scream his name. It didn’t matter now. As he fell, that blinding white faded, began to dim, and then he was gone.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
“So, is there any kind of rational explanation for this?”
	“Nope. Do you need one?”
	“I guess not,” Wade replied, and poked the long stick he held into the fire. Its flames were confined by a circle of large stones. Sparks flew, crackling and sizzling the night air as the oxygen snuffed them out one by one. The burning wood was a pile of indistinct shadows trapped inside of the fire. A set of train tracks lay off somewhere to their left. Wade could just barely make them out, the cool steel of the tracks reflecting the orange flames right back at them. 
	 Stephanie Green smiled, ran her fingers through her hair. A marshmallow was burning at the end of the stick she held in her hand. It smelled like heaven.
	“I’ve always loved these things. Back in my apartment, I used to roast them over my oven burners. My roommate thought that I was going to burn the place down one day.”
	“Good thing you didn’t.”
	“There’s a trick to it. You let it sit a couple of seconds, let the fire catch it, and then you turn it a quarter of the way. You keep doing that until it’s all brown, and you’re set. There are a lot of people who like them burned to a crisp, but that just makes them taste like toasted shit, in my opinion. Marshmallows aren’t supposed to be crunchy. You want them just gooey enough to spill over the graham cracker, and that’s it.”
	A gentle breeze caressed the face of night. Wade had been cultivating a pretty good growth of facial hair over the last week, but when he ran one hand down his cheek he found it to be smooth. “So this is what the dead do with their time, huh? Swap marshmallow roasting tips?”
	“The dead can do whatever they want with their time. It’s unlimited. Like climbing your way up a really tall tree. You grab a branch when you can, shimmy up when you can’t, and once you’re up there, with the sky stretching out in a million directions all around you, that’s it. You’re a goner. It’s like love. You just want to spread your arms and let the wind carry you wherever it wants to take you. Not recommended if you have a pulse, though.”
	“Sounds nice.” Wade poked his stick into the fire once more and set it aside. “When’s the train coming?” he asked, nodding in the direction of the tracks.
	Stephanie glanced at the tracks, then turned her attention back to the marshmallow. “It comes when it comes, I guess. Gonna be delayed a while, though. There are a lot of people getting on this time. Aren’t you enjoying yourself?”
	He smiled. It felt easy. Natural. “Yeah, I guess I am. Where’s it going?”
	“Somewhere else.” She pulled her stick close to her. In her other hand, two halves of a Hershey bar were ready and waiting. She stuck the end of her stick between the two pieces, closed them, and pulled it back. Abra-cadabra. That done, she sandwiched the Hershey bars between two pieces of graham cracker and then, smiling, took a big bite. “Mmmm. Oh my god. You have to try this.”
	“Didn’t your mom ever tell you not to talk with your mouth full?”
	She gave him a sidelong glare and held the smore out to him. “Just shut up and take a bite. I’ll bet a million dollars that it’s the best you’ve had in your whole life.”
	“What would you do with a million dollars, anyway?” he asked, and sank his teeth into the graham cracker. It crunched just the right way between his teeth, and the gooey marshmallow invaded every crevice of his mouth, like some kind of expanding foam. She was right. It was the best smore he’d ever had.
	“My guidance counselor asked me that once. I gave her some smart ass answer about buying Colin Farrell for a night.”
	He laughed. The smile that preceded the laugh felt smoother, more natural, than any smile he’d had in… How long? Months? A year? Chunks of half-chewed cracker flew from his mouth and into the fire. He swallowed what he could, but rather than spit out the rest, he took another bite of the smore. “Nice.”
	“That’s what I said,” she replied. “No, I never really had a good answer for that. A million dollars is a lot of money. You could buy a whole lot of useless crap with that kind of cash.”
	She held out her hand for the smore and he passed it over to her. With a grin, she finished it off in a single bite. Somewhere very far away, a train’s whistle could be heard. They both looked up at the sound. “I think we still have a few minutes. Like I said, there are a lot of people getting on this time.”
	Wade looked back into the fire. This time he could see faces inside of it. Eyes, noses and mouths stretched into funhouse mirror shapes by the flames that rose and fell like ocean waves just after a hurricane. He wanted to reach out, to touch them, certain that here, flames would do him no harm. He started to do just that when Stephanie’s hands gave him a sudden, violent squeeze on the shoulders. “Boo!” she cried. He jumped, and she burst out laughing.
	“I am going to miss that so much! Jesus—you jumped a foot in the air!”
	“Classy,” he said, smiling, and brushed at both shoulders. He nodded towards the flames. “Who are they?”
	“People who got their light back,” she replied. Her elbows rested on her knees, her face so close to the fire that Wade’s first instinct was to tell her to sit back before she got her eyebrows scorched right off of her face. She didn’t seem to notice the heat. Her face was an almost-crystalline mask, the light from the flames not so much reflecting off of it as being absorbed. “Night can be beautiful, but you don’t wanna live there forever. That’s why you get the daytime. You appreciate it more, that way. What Aru took away from people was more than their lives…he took their light, too. It’s what he fed off of.”
	“Is that what Mark had? Light?”
	“Everybody has it. Sometimes it gets buried under a lot of other things—bad childhoods, break-ups, financial problems—but it’s always there. What Mark had was special. He just didn’t know what to do with it.” When she looked at him again, her face had become almost one with the fire. Aside from the basic geography of her face, there was nothing to suggest that a human being sat beside him. He looked down at his hands, wondering if the same thing was happening to him. They reflected, rather than absorbed, the flames. 
	“People are defined by our last impressions of them,” Stephanie continued. “Even the worst monsters in history had somebody who loved them once, and who carried happy memories of them through the rest of their lives. Mark, as terrible as him, you know, killing me was, left people behind too. The thing about darkness is that you can choose to go into it, or you can let your light push it away. Mark wasn’t strong enough to do that.”
	The whistle sounded again. Now he could hear the rumble of the train’s engine, coming closer. Bits of dirt and pebble bounced on the ground in anticipation of its arrival.
	“Almost here,” she said. “Are you ready?”
	“Yeah,” he replied, and stood up, brushed himself off. He looked around. For days, the desert had been a hostile, evil place. Now he took in the gentle slopes of the mountains around him, the outlines of cacti in the distance. A swarm of bats flew across the sky, screeching as they went. Their tiny bodies, flying so close together, formed a black quilt that stretched across the sky. “It’s weird. I think I might actually miss this place.”
	“I wasn’t talking about life, Wade. I was asking if you were ready to let me go.”
	“I’m not coming with you?”
	“The Ghost Train comes for the dead, not the living. You don’t have a ticket, so you’re not getting on. Not on this trip.”
	A faint outline in the distance. Plumes of black smoke rose into the air in its wake. The locomotive was huge, dwarfing even the mountains around them. “Tuesday?” he asked. “Is she on there?”
	She shook her head. “Couldn’t tell ya. But I do know that she’d tell you the same thing that I’m about to: go out and live, Wade. Not everybody gets the chance to come back from the dead. You did. Don’t waste it.”
	The train rolled to a stop. The conductor, a tall man who wore a military style coat with twin rows of gleaming gold buttons running down its entire length, looked at Wade. He was bald, and his face was an impossibly pale white; almost translucent. After a moment’s consideration, he shook his head, and then looked at Stephanie. She nodded, raised a single finger to him, and then turned back to Wade.
	“The voices,” he said. “What about them?”
	“What about them? You have something special inside of you, but you decide what you do with it. You’re only helpless if you decide to be.” She touched his face, smiled, and then, as if coming to a decision, stood on her toes and planted a soft, lingering kiss on his cheek. “Good-bye, Wade.”
	“Wadei,” he half-whispered. “My name, it’s Wadei.”
	Stephanie smiled. “Take it easy, Wadei.”
	She didn’t so much board the trade as fade into it. The conductor gave a long pull on the horn, nodded once at Wade, and then the train was moving. The locomotive’s pistons began a steady chop-chop as it started moving, and that sound only grew louder as it pulled forward, its great black mass obliterating everything—the desert, the mountains, the sky itself. Wade pressed his hands to his ears, feeling his head throbbing in time with the revolutions of the locomotive, and then the train was swallowed up by a great green light and was gone.

CODA
Wadei still walked with a limp, even a year later. Physical therapy helped with that, but on some days, cold days like this one especially, it was much more pronounced. What he wanted right now, more than anything, was a cigarette. Nine months without, and he still found himself starting every morning reaching to his left, searching for that phantom pack of Camels that was never there.
	The overcast sky was the perfect backdrop for the rows of headstones that spread off in all directions around him. In his hand he held a bunch of roses, an even dozen of them. The cheap plastic wrapping crinkled inside of his grip the closer he came, as though sensing his nervousness. It was just his luck, he thought. A year out west, and he comes back to Vermont on the chilliest day of the new spring.
	“Hey,” Caydence said, and squeezed his hand. “Are you sure you’re up for this?”
	“I’ll be okay.” 
	She pulled her jacket tight around her body with her free hand and shivered. “It feels like an icebox out here.”
	Wadei smiled and looked around. “Actually, this is just about normal. You should see this place in the winter. Our snowstorms are legendary.”
	“Think I’ll stick to my sixty-eight degree Januarys for now, thanks.” Her eyes scanned the rows of headstones. “I’m surprised there isn’t anybody here.”
	“Last year they had the memorial at the library. I heard rumblings that they were trying organize something here, since this is where most of the others ended up, but I don’t think anybody’s all that into the idea of spending a cold, windy day hanging out in a cemetery. It’s…”
	“Depressing?”
	He nodded. “Yeah.”
	They walked in silence for a few moments. Once or twice Caydence’s hand came up, and her thumb and the knuckle on her index finger caught on the golden cross she wore around her neck. The very same cross that the paramedics had found clutched in her hand as they lifted her onto a stretcher. She’d held onto it as she was lifting into the helicopter chopping at the air above, and when she awoke in the hospital two days later it was on the table beside her bed. Her nurse, a heavyset woman with a Mexican accent, kept telling her that it was a miracle, that she would carry the love of Christ through the rest of her days, that she had been saved, but a year on and this cross was simply a cross, and nothing more. The same cross that she thought had been lost in the backseat of Donald Byron’s car. The same cross that a kindly old man who’d called her Cayday had given to her a long time ago, and that she’d only taken off once since then. The cross went beyond faith. As a symbol, it was solely the reminder of a long-haired fanatic’s gruesome death two thousand years ago. For her, it was something else. Something more. Something she would never be able to describe to anyone, not if she lived a hundred years.
	Over the first couple of weeks after their rescue, Wadei and Caydence had managed to piece together the story of their survival, bit by bit. As it turned out, they had not been alone in the desert that night after all. A couple of hikers were just setting up camp about half a mile away from Sombrero Peak when Donald Byron’s Ford Tudor exploded into the mountain’s base. The resulting fireball had lit up the night sky, and despite the marijuana already dulling their senses, they’d struggled their way through an explanation on a satellite phone they’d brought along in case of emergency. Wadei was found first, his body lying at the base of the mountain, not far from the charred remains of the Ford. The final tally was two broken legs, a fractured skull, four broken ribs, a collapsed lung, a broken clavicle and numerous other small fractures. It was, according to Dr. Reddy, a miracle that he’d survived. This was shortly before midnight. Caydence was found less than an hour later, dehydrated and barely breathing but alive.
	The authorities did a little piecing together of their own. Donald Byron, as cautious as he could be, had left a messy paper trail behind in the form of long, paranoid ramblings secreted in a folder marked “Business” on his laptop. Crazy things about mirrors, about men with cracked faces. But worst of all was the revelation that he’d been picking up people for years, men and women, young and old, knocking them out, and then dropping them off in the desert to die. The media shied away from the term “serial killer,” but in the end that’s exactly what he was. Caydence had filled the police in on the rest. How he’d slipped something into her drink at a bar in Albuquerque. How he’d told her to walk. How she’d run across Wadei’s camp two days later and how Byron, while driving through the desert after having deposited another victim, a NMU freshman by the name of Katrina Forrest, had just happened to glance into Wadei’s Oldsmobile as he made an illegal pass and saw Caydence in the front seat. From there came the predictable barrage of armchair commentary from internet troll and nightly news talking head alike. Both Wadei and Caydence were blissfully unaware of the controversy brewing outside, though Wadei was certainly able to imagine it easily enough, especially after the media discovered that one of the survivors of Donald Byron’s night of terror had also survived the Chapman Massacre nearly a year to the day before. 
	Dana Byron had the good sense to stay away, though Wadei later discovered that it was she who covered the majority of both his and Caydence’s hospital bills. He tried hard to track her down after he was released from the hospital, to thank her, but Dana and her beautiful young daughter were long gone, disappeared without a trace. He still looked every now and again, certain that one day, sooner or later, she was going to resurface, and then he and Caydence would be able to tell her that none of what her husband did had anything to do with her. That sometimes even the people we know best can turn out to be complete strangers to us. 
	“Here,” Wadei said, stopping in front of a headstone. Its inscription read STEPHANIE ALYSSA GREEN, 1993-2016. FOREVER IN OUR HEARTS. He slipped the rubber band off of the plastic wrapping, then plucked out a pair of roses and set them down atop the cold stone. Somebody had been here already: there was a brand new bouquet of lilies lying on the ground in front of the headstone. Beside him, Caydence unfolded a sheet of notebook paper and began to read. Wadei found each name that she recited, and lay another rose atop each of their stones. There was only one name left, and her voice caught a little when she read it aloud.
	“Mark Swope.”
	That grave was unmarked, and for good reason. The mass media may have no qualms about displaying the names and faces of psychopaths on the internet and television, but cemetery caretakers prefer to avoid the notoriety of having a mass murderer in their midst whenever possible. Wadei had found the grave by accident a long time ago, while staggering drunk through the cemetery. A woman whose face he recognized but couldn’t place had knelt down on a bald patch of ground and kept digging her fingers into it, tears streaming down her face. Wadei didn’t realize until much later where he knew this woman from, and when he did he was disappointed that he hadn’t realized it in time to unzip his fly and release that night’s special blend all over the grave. 
	A thin layer of grass had grown over that patch of earth, but Wadei recognized it immediately. He swallowed hard, staring at it.  A single rose was clenched in one fist. Caydence took his other hand, gave it a quick squeeze, and then stepped away. When he’d told her what he was planning to do, she hadn’t argued. Years of kidnapping and murder were one thing, a single act of madness quite another. That didn’t mean she understood. Truth be told, Wadei wasn’t sure if he understood either. Not really. It was just something he had to do.
	He didn’t kneel, as he had with the others. There was no headstone for him to touch, and if there was he probably wouldn’t have done it anyway. He let the rose fall from his fingers and to the ground. It rolled once, stopped. Wadei took a step back, and then another. Finally he turned away.
	They passed a man on their way back to their car. He was tall, with thinning grey hair on top that he wore combed off to the side. The black suit he wore hung off of him, despite his face being full and well-fed. “Saw you up at the Swope grave,” he said.
	“Just paying our respects,” Wadei replied.
	The man gestured past the row of stones, to where Wadei knew the unmarked plot to be. “Thing about unmarked graves is, they’re supposed to be hard to find. So when somebody does find them, it tends to arouse suspicion.” He narrowed his eyes at them, his mouth a thin, im- patient line. “You’re not up to some kind of mischief, are you?”
	“No, sir. As I said, we were just paying our respects.” Nodding to Caydence, Wadei began to walk. The man remained where he was, watching them go. Just as Wadei’s fingers touched the handle of the waiting Nissan, parked on the road about thirty feet away, the man called out, in a voice choked with tears unwept, “Were you there? Were you one of the victims?”
	Wadei looked at the man, whose face betrayed a sorrow, a kind of hurt that seemed strangely inappropriate for a caretaker, and felt something inside of him vibrate. It was a small hum, barely there, but Wadei felt it. Blood calls to blood. And he realized that the man he was looking at was none other than Mark Swope’s father.
	“No,” he called back, and got into the car.
	A crack opened in the sky, and for a moment, as the Nissan reached the front gates of Auburn Hills Cemetery, the sun shone through. The Nissan turned at the next corner, and was gone. 


THE END






	

	
