The Devils Woman
Part Two

Copyright 2015 R.J. Adams - Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
​All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise)​ without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorised, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.













CHAPTER 1

It had been five days since Ben had been taken by Raven and Holly had no idea where he was or where she had taken him. 
The kids in school were all talking about him and praying for his safety and his return home, his parents were at home crying and devastated that their boy was missing and Holly felt guilty every time she looked at their faces.
The police had been questioning all the students, family and anyone in the village to try and get and understanding of Ben’s final moments before he went missing.
Holly knew exactly what Ben’s final moments were, she couldn’t exactly tell them that Ben had been swallowed into the ground with a demon child surrounded by fire, she would end up in a mental home just like her father. 
As much as the people in the town believed in the devil, to tell a story like that would definitely put her in the looney bin.
Holly told the police what the friends confirmed. 
They had all been sat outside the church on the steps when Ben must have walked off as they didn’t see him when the weather became extreme. They stated how they all ran for cover and didn’t actually see where Ben went. 
The police took the statements down but some people in the town were convinced something more sinister came that day, they saw the bolts of lightning hit the ground and the ash and trees swirling round everywhere. 
As normal though, police dismissed their comments as a local legend and silly story-telling, people in this town where legendary for their ghost stories.
As Max was seen by the villagers chasing Holly into the woods and the police were going to be speaking to both of them, they had both collaborated a story together to not make them look suspicious to the locals or the police, they had to live in that area and Max was not only trying to protect them but also trying to protect his daughter’s dark secret.
They had told police together that Holly noticed Ben had walked off and feeling the strong weather coming she chased after him because she wanted to get him to safety. 
Not long after, the weather became very violent, that’s when the local villagers noticed the fire, wind and lightening, they ran for cover but Max stated he was afraid for his daughter so she ran after her. Holly stated she ran into the woods to find Ben but she wasn’t able to find him and was scared the storm had swept him away. 
Max confirmed he ran into the woods looking for Holly, he found her searching for Ben and grabbed her to stop her getting hurt by lightning bolts shooting to the ground and then took her home for their own safety when they were not able to find him in the chaotic weather. 
It seemed like a plausible story that made sense, why wouldn’t they believe it?
The police continued their search for Ben in the destroyed woods. Trees and debris was lying all over the ground making it difficult to see anything underneath.
 Teams looked under what they could see but were not able to find Ben’s body, no remains of anything to do with him, it was possible he was under all the debris but when they looked they still found nothing. 
The police feared that the storm had swept him away however Ben’s parents thought and truly believed that the evil they had told their children about in the woods had taken him.
 The police didn’t go chasing ghost stories, they went chasing for evidence and so far in the woods it showed no signs of Ben, just fallen trees, debris and destruction.
Holly and Max had now returned home after being questioned and Holly went straight to her room. She sat in her bedroom crying remembering the night Ben went missing. It broke her heart.
 Flashbacks of the night he was taken replayed over and over in her mind and she kept thinking that she should have been able to stop Raven. With all the power she had inside her and the things she had done before, why did she let her father stop her when she could have saved Ben?
 And now he was gone and her heart felt broken and empty. Max tried to comfort Holly but she shunned him, although she knew that he was saving her and done it for the best intentions towards his daughter, a part of her hated him for the fact he had stopped her from saving Ben, the one guy she felt had imbedded in her soul, her heart and her mind. 
The guy she believed she truly loved.
Hating Max made Holly feel even more guilty, he was her father at the end of the day and he loved his daughter and he only done what he done because he didn’t want Raven taking her as well, she knew in her heart that what he done to save her he done as a loving father but the more guilty she felt, the more closed off to Max she became, and Max could feel this. 
Their normal nights in together had stopped and Holly spent most of the time in her room alone crying or reading books. Sometimes her crying would become a little uncontrollable and Max could feel her upset when the apartment began to shake from time to time. 
Max didn’t know what to do with her, he wanted to make her feel better but he didn’t know how.
 He didn’t know where Ben was and from what he saw with his own eyes, he knew he wasn’t in some place nice, he didn’t want Holly thinking about it too much and losing her mind, he had been there before when he saw Olivia and he wanted Holly to try and focus on something else. This made Holly feel a bit like Max didn’t care and she grew even colder with him.
Holly was in her room staring at the ceiling counting the tiles. Max knocked on the door and offered her some food but Holly declined it and continued to stare at the white tiles covered in little black dots. She wanted Ben back but she had no idea how to do this and she didn’t even know where he was.
 Then she thought, Raven came to her in a dream, or what she thought was a dream but she remembered when she woke up her feet was black and the bracelet was in her room. 
She looked down at her wrist and she was still wearing the bracelet she had brought back with her from her dream, she kept thinking, if she could go there and bring something back with her then the place must be real and if she saw Raven there then that must be where Raven took Ben.
She then had a bright idea that she would try and force herself to go back to that same place and when she was there she would grab Ben and bring him home, this would take some serious concentration so Holly lied on the floor and placed the bracelet in the palm of her hand. She clenched it tight and focused her mind on the fiery place, she thought of the things she had seen before and willed herself to go back there. Her eyes started to get heavy and the room started spinning. 
She dozed off into what felt like deep sleep.
She could smell slight burning and heard screams in the distance. She slowly opened her eyes, above her were the fiery burning flames and her back was warm, she was lying on the walk way of lava. 
Holly got up quickly, this time she felt in control of herself and nothing seemed hazy. 
Holly could see things more clearly and as she checked the palm of her hand, she was still holding the bracelet. She thought to herself for a moment ‘was it the bracelet that brought me here?' 
Looking around there was nothing, just fire above burning fiercely, the long lava walkway and the blackness below. She looked down trying not to fall over the edge and she could hear the screams of the damned souls beneath her, they seemed to be screaming in severe pain.
Holly felt a little scared at that point and she started to breathe more heavily but she was determined to not let that her make her lose focus on the reason she had gone there.
 She realised she didn’t want to be there, she moved away from the edge of the walkway and she wanted to tell herself to go home or wake up, but she didn’t want to leave without Ben. Holly then heard a voice calling her name, it echoed through the sounds of the burning flames all around her, the voice was low, like a whisper but she heard it. 
She looked around but saw nothing except fire, flames and darkness. 
She heard it again. Holly looked towards the end of the walkway where the sound appeared to originate from and there was a fiery entrance into something.
 Holly remembered Raven was there before, she remembered her dancing. Her mind wondered ‘what’s down there?'
Holly started to walk down and she noticed a figure stood in the distance in the fire. 
It definitely wasn’t Raven, Raven was small and child-size, this figure was big, this figure had what appeared to be horns and wings sprouting from its back, the figure seemed manly and muscly. 
Holly felt drawn to it, she had seen that figure before and her mind tried to find the memory as to where she had previously seen the figure, as she started to walk closer she could hear the sound of a malicious giggle and the figure seemed to move its arms onto its waist. 
Holly stopped on the walkway feeling too afraid to go any further, even though drawn to this thing she could see, inside she still felt a little scared.
Holly shouted ‘WHERE IS HE, I KNOW YOU TOOK HIM AND I WANT HIM BACK!’
The figure laughed, it didn’t need to shout; the voice could be heard all over the fiery pit “My dear girl, you don’t want him, he’s not worthy of you, soon you will be mine and a mere mortal will mean nothing…” the beastly voice rumbled all around.
Holly looked annoyed, angry as such; someone was telling her that she belonged to them; she felt it was rude that someone she didn’t know, couldn’t really see or make out was telling her that she belonged to them and then her mind was wondering off his words ‘mere mortal? What the fuck does it mean?’
 The figure started gliding towards her; it seemed to glide so calmly. As the figure got closer, Holly started to become slightly more terrified, her breathing became heavy and her heart started pumping, this thing, this figure was coming towards her, was it after her?
Max knocked on Holly’s door, he knocked and knocked but Holly didn’t respond to him “C’mon Holly, open the door please…” he begged but still nothing. 
He wanted to speak to her and sort out this issue, he wanted his daughter to feel safe and loved and know that he done what he done to protect her so he thought ‘fuck it’ and opened the door.
 To his horror, he saw Holly lying on the floor, worried he went over to her and noticed she was not breathing.
“No, no, no, Holly? Holly wake up…” he started shaking her but he got no response so he proceeded to give her CPR thinking the worst.
“Please bubba, please wake up, breathe for me please…” he appealed but still nothing. 
Tears began to stream from his eyes as he tried harder to get her to breathe in some air.
Holly started shaking with fear and although she was scared a part of her also felt drawn to this figure, she was starting to feel a tad confused by all the emotions circling inside her. 
She could feel a force or a voice calling her in another direction and as the beastly figure got closer and closer to her it reached his arms out to almost touch her but before it could, Holly woke up. 
Choking and gasping for air she opened her eyes to see Max crying next to her as he grabbed her and hugged her tight.
“What the hell happened? Do you know how much you scared me?” Max yelled as he was panic stricken.
“Dad, what are you doing?” Holly asked him all confused and annoyed she was now awake and she didn’t manage to bring Ben back with her.
“What do you mean what am I doing? You were lying there unconscious on the bloody floor, I thought the worst Holly, my fucking heart is beating through my chest…” he continued, his voice fearful.
Holly looked at him, she was still slightly coughing, what did he mean she wasn’t breathing? She chose to go somewhere she had been before; to her she was not in any danger. 
She looked at Max’s terrified face; “Dad, I’m fine, I just fell asleep that’s all…” she lied.
Max could see the look in her eyes, this time he could tell that she wasn’t being completely honest with him. He needed to know the truth.
“You fell asleep? I don’t believe that Holly and you know I don’t, tell me what you were doing…” he requested.
Holly looked down, she knew that she couldn’t lie to him, her face gave it away, she took a deep breath; “I’ll tell you, but you won’t like it…” she warned.
Max shrugged his shoulders, “I don’t care whether or not I like it, I want the truth…”
“Ok…” Holly sighed “A few weeks ago, uhh I think, not sure, I kind of passed out in my room…” Holly was being shady, she didn’t want to tell her dad about the strange box or the strange light, she got up and moved to look out the window as she continued to tell him but hiding the little details.
“I felt a bit dazed and confused, I woke up and I was in, well…” she paused; her mind ran for words ‘how would she explain this?’
Max looked at her, his attention wasn’t drifting “yes…you was in what?” he asked demandingly.
Holly rolled her eyes pursed her lips, “well, I woke in a fiery pit dad with screaming damned souls and a walkway that was made from lava…” she stopped and checked his reaction.
Max’s eyes opened wide and he sat up straight. Was he hearing this right? A fiery pit and damned screaming souls? Was his daughter losing her mind?
Holly shook her head and sighed “you don’t believe me do you?”
Max looked at Holly and gulped, there were no words he could say at this moment except tell Holly to continue.
Holly tutted, “I saw the child that took Ben but she wasn’t there for him when I went there, anyway dad long story short I woke up back in the room and today I thought that's where she had taken Ben as I was once there so I forced myself to go back but this time Ben wasn’t anywhere to be seen, this figure was, this beastly figure...he had horns and….”
Max was listening to Holly’s description, her voice started to fade in the background as Max had flashbacks of the same beastly figure he once saw in his apartment after having sex with Belladonna. He remembered seeing Belladonna and a beastly man having violent sex and the figure Holly was describing sounded exactly like what he once saw, actually he remembered that he saw this few times. 
He shuddered at the thought.
“Dad, are you even listening anymore?” Holly asked as Max as he snapped back into the room. 
“Holly…” Max said his voice quivering, “I believe you, because I have seen the same thing before.”
Holly took a deep breath; they looked at each other, who or what was this beastly figure they had both seen?

CHAPTER 2

Lucian was heading to the church to see his trusted priest. He had a cunning look on his face as he floated towards the fiery entrance, the crows were cawing above and the shadows were floating next to them.
“My lord…you seem…” the priest observed Lucian’s face, he wasn’t smiling as such but he did seem pleased.
“Complacent?” Lucian answered with his cheeky evil grin.
“Yes, that must be it my lord, how can I help you?” The priest asked.
Lucian walked over to alter where the sacred book was now whole; he opened the book and pointed to the script on the ritual, running his fingers over the book with lust, love and evil in his eyes as he turned to look at the priest.
“She came to me, well not to me but she went to pit herself, no light was needed to guide her, she came of her own accord…” he smiled.
“My lord that means she almost has all her power and do you know how she managed to do it?” the priest looked at the book.
“I know this, she must be close to having them all, she must have willed herself there I guess; she came looking for that…thing, that boy…” Lucian’s voice was low and seemingly annoyed.
The priest was not impressed. Holly had forced herself to that place to try and find Ben, not go to Lucian, the good side of Holly was showing, this worried him deeply as Ben's soul was that of what you could say a good boy. 
The priest was advising Lucian that Holly seemed to giving in to her good side passed to her from Olivia and that goodness was attached to Ben. He told Lucian that he needed to get back and taint Holly’s soul as the goodness within her was starting to take over, if this happened, it would have severe consequences on their plans.
“My lord, where is the boy now?” the priest questioned on Ben.
“In my chambers of course…” Lucian sniggered.
“You must she destroy his soul, whatever attachment he has to her will be deep within him, she must destroy it my lord…” the priest insisted.
But Lucian already knew that, he knew that if he could turn Ben’s soul and thoughts against Holly that when she would come face to face with him, he would be so evil and callous towards her that it would make is easier on her to destroy him. Lucian had already instructed Raven to torture Ben daily, only slightly; he wanted him weak, beaten and destroyed, but not dead, he told her to plant images of Lucian and Holly into Ben’s mind and to tell him of their love and sexual desire, Lucian couldn’t kill Ben, it had to be Holly.
Lucian left the church. On the way to his apartment he spotted a beautiful woman walking down the street. Glancing at her, his sexual own desire kicked in, he hadn’t had a session in a while and he needed it, his sex drive was extremely high. 
Out of all the others she stood out because she had a light glow above her head. She wasn’t a normal human, she was one of his up there, a girl with a glow above her head meant she was usually of the good side and tempting them was difficult as they were normally protected but it was always a very pleasuring challenge, it meant that this woman had been chosen to do good deeds, but Lucian was the god of lies, the manipulator, he could tempt almost anyone. He wanted her and one way or another he was going to have her. 
He looked up to the sky and smirked, “you watch what I’m going to do to her, that pussy is mine…” he said with vulgarity.
The woman looked up from her phone as she was texting and she could feel a person or presence in her way, there in front of her was Lucian smiling. His body language and look seemed to creep her out so she tried to walk passed him but he stopped her.
“Excuse me but can I help you?” she asked with an annoyed tone.
“Why yes my dear, please help me, my son ran off down there and I’m trying to call him but he won’t come back…” Lucian seemed sincere in his words and his actions showed he was scared for his son he thought he lost somewhere.
Being a woman, she looked concerned for the child who had apparently run off and she slowly walked down the side alley looking for a little boy. 
She turned to speak to the concerned man who she thought was behind her to say she couldn’t see anything but she couldn’t see the man who had seemed to be asking for help. 
Then a force threw her against the wall. She tried to scream but she felt something was covering her mouth, she couldn’t see anything, it was just her in the alley way. Panic and fear was all over her face and terror was in her eyes as something pushed her legs apart and ripped off her panties.
She looked down to see her skirt being lifted but there was no-one there.
 People could be seen walking passed the alley way but they paid no attention to the woman who was clearly in distress. 
They couldn’t see what was happening as where this woman was it was out of passer-by’s line of sight, she could see them slightly from where she was as they casually walked on by. 
Evil had a way of hiding its actions when it was doing something it didn’t want seen by others, only if they wanted a response would they reveal their evil doings.
She heard a voice “I’m going to take you, you dirty little whore and then we’ll see what your god has to say about that.”
She was up against the wall levitated off the ground, her legs were apart as if appeared to be wrapped around something or someone, her arms were forced above her head and her lips were pressed together as if tape or a hand were over them. 
But nothing could be seen. Her heart started pounding as she became terrified of what was happening to her.
Lucian was doing this, he wanted her and he wanted her now, his urges were getting strong and he knew that he would destroy her soul if he took her against her will and that way when the time came she would be useless for whatever it was that he up there needed her for.
 Knowing she couldn’t see anything or him added to Lucian’s lustful thrill. He forced himself inside her so hard the woman jolted upwards which caused her to scratch her back against the wall and produce cuts on her skin. She could feel something inside her.
 It was pushing in and out. In her mind she knew something was having sex with her but she couldn’t do anything to scream out for help or stop it. Lucian watched her expression as he thrusted his hard dick in and out of her as the look of pain overcame her face. 
The woman looked down and could see her breasts moving and could feel the wetness as if they were being sucked or grabbed.
 She cried and tears ran down her face but no sounds were heard from her. Lucian tightened his grasp of her mouth and sucked her nipples so hard that he bit them making them bleed.
 He loved the pain and roughness; he pushed his dick in and out of her faster and faster. 
His horns extended out and his wings expanded.  His thrust became so hard he began to bruise her and as he pushed deep inside he cum so intensely that he squeezed the woman’s face to the point he almost broke her jaw. Lucian let go of the woman and she dropped to the floor. 
Feeling disgusted and beaten the woman let out a scream that eventually passers-by suddenly heard. People started to come running down the alley way to see a woman covered in bruises, cuts and blood all over her body. 
She was crying uncontrollably, they tried to help her but she just screamed at them as she was gathering her things that were scattered all over the floor and pulling her skirt down. 
She got up and ran down the alley way not knowing what or who had just seemingly raped her, but she didn’t want to stay around to find out. Lucian watched nearby with pleasure, he looked up with a cruel smile, mocking him above and walked away.
When he arrived back at his apartment, he cleaned himself up, whistling as he was happy with his obscene and evil act. 
He knew that the women he had done that to in the past normally went on to become sinners, and once they were sinners, their souls were his, so he revelled in the thought that she would be added to his collection. 
When he was all cleaned up he went to look over in the mirror, still admiring the body he had chosen to hide his true identity. He knew that Holly would see his true form and that was the form she was in love with centuries ago.
 His desire for Holly was eating him up inside, she was only fifteen and he couldn’t have her yet. 
Looking in the mirror he started speaking to himself “you have waited this long, you can wait a few more years, get a grip you pussy…” 
Yes, this man talked to himself, as he was looking at the reflection of another man to who Lucian was he kind of felt like someone else was giving him the man talk. He loved Holly, he desired her, worshipped her but he wasn’t soft of loving, he was still rough and evil and he was this way even when she was around, a trait she seemed to love and revel in as they began their evil ways many centuries ago.
Lucian decided to go visit his chambers; he wanted to find out a bit more about the boy he hated so much, literally hated him and wanted him dead but he couldn’t do this, well actually he could but he could not guarantee the ties between Ben and Holly would be broken so Holly needed to do this herself. 
Arriving in his fiery chambers, Raven was sat in-front of Ben taunting him with her creepy and weird horror child-like voice.
 It would send shivers down anyone’s spine or cause anyone to feel a tad freaked out but listening to it over and over again was starting to drive Ben a little insane. 
Lucian, in his own form, approached Raven and tapped her on the shoulder signalling her to go away. Lucian stood in-front of Ben looking at him up and down in disgust; Lucian, in his true form, spat on Ben and then whipped him with his long spikey tail. Ben bled from the cuts but no-one came to help him. 
“You, you disgusting mortal, look at me!” Lucian demanded.
But Ben was so weak he could barely move his head; his head was lowered as his body just hung from the shackles he was restrained with. Lucian placed his pointy finger under Ben’s chin and lifted his forehead forcefully.
“You think this is bad? Wait until you see what I’m going to let Holly do to you…” Lucian grinned.
Tears ran down Ben’s face, his mouth was dry but he managed to force together some energy to speak back, “you won’t make her do anything, she loves me…”
Lucian burst into laughter, “loves you? You fool….nothing or no-one could love you, look at you you’re a pathetic excuse for a human, is she here trying to save you now?”
Ben just hung there, he had no energy to fight back the beast and even if he did, he was chained and restrained, he couldn’t move.
Lucian left Ben hanging with the thoughts of Holly possibly hurting him. Ben denied this in his own mind but after what he saw, the things that had happened to him, a part of his mind thought it possible for Holly to hurt him under the beast’s control, but in his heart he had hope that she wouldn’t do this, that she would be stronger.
 In his mind he prayed that Holly would never hurt him, but he also wondered himself why she had not saved him.
Lucian returned to his apartment, looking around he saw the shadows all gathered in the corner of his apartment. 
“What is going on here?” he demanded to know.
The shadows dispersed and the behind them was a dress on some sort of manikin. 
It was a beautiful red dress, long with a corset top and a netted bottom. 
It sparkled in the dark with the jewels that were incrusted on it and the straps were made from pure diamonds.
 This was Holly’s dress that they had stolen from a designer store. This dress was the one she had worn the day she married him and someone had managed to recreate it.
Lucian was bursting; he felt he could almost see the future with Holly by his side wearing this beautiful dress on the day they joined together in the special ritual being planned. 
He envisioned her wearing it walking by his side and ruling with him. He had faith that his future with Holly would be exactly how it was meant to be.














CHAPTER 3

It had been a few weeks since Ben’s disappearance and Holly was only now returning to school. 
Friends believed it was because she took it the hardest being his girlfriend that she needed the most time off, little did they know what the real reasons were and they didn’t pressure her for details either, they genuinely really liked Holly and wanted to be there for her as friends would be.
After sharing stuff with Max about the place she went to, twice, and the figure they had both seen, Holly wanted to go back there to find out who the figure was and why he seemed so interested in her, her mind seemed focused on this, she wanted to know and she was also searching for answers as to why she seemed to have this dark gift. 
Right now though she needed to catch up on her school work, as usual, this was not an issue, she was still very clever and advanced in her school work, she seemed to have the power to suck up knowledge from books by touching them and it took her no time at all to pick up on the things she had missed.
During history class, which was Holly’s favourite class as she loved learning about history, especially dark history, the teacher announced that they were going to be taking a school trip to Rome to see the ancient buildings as they were currently learning about the Roman Empire. 
This was a costly trip for the class and the villagers had little money as we know the village was poor, this is why it was so appealing to Holly and Max originally. 
The school announced how they had been doing a charity fund raiser in Mexico City and had raised the money for the entire history class to go. The students were ecstatic and over-joyed; it was a free trip to Rome.
Holly wanted to join in with the rest of them but she couldn’t find any happiness within herself to jump up and show some joy. Her friend Sofia grabbed her arms and pulled her up to join in the fun.
“C’mon Holly, it’s a trip to Rome for free, aren’t you happy…” she looked at Holly smiling.
“Yeah, I guess…” Holly was disinterested.
Noticing her friends’ gloomy expression she hugged her “Hols, I know you’re upset about Ben but the police didn’t find him, we have to move on, he would want that for you, Ben wouldn’t want you sat here with a face like your mama slapped you…”
Holly smirked a little at Sofia’s silly comment, she always had a way of coming out with some stupid expression, however as she sat listening to Sofia, her mind was racing, Holly knew exactly why the police didn’t find him, she wanted to tell Sofia but of course she couldn’t, she would sound like a mental person, anyone would sound like a mental person if they started saying a demon child took Ben into the pits of fiery hell, even if they were her friends, there was some things that Holly simply could not share.
 She sighed and decided to herself she needed to act normal before someone started asking questions, so she joined in the rest of group cheering about the trip.
Holly did distance herself a bit from her friends and tried to avoid them at lunch time. It wasn’t because she didn’t like them, Holly was afraid of losing someone else. 
She knew that Ben was taken because of her, she wasn’t sure why as of yet but she knew that it was connected to her and she didn’t want to lose anyone else in such a horrible way.
The end of the day bell went and Holly left quickly. Sofia ran up behind her “Hols…” she called out as she chased her.
Holly turned around and saw Sofia reaching her out of breath. She tried to look pleased as Sofia approached her but deep down she just wanted to go home and be alone.
“Hols, couple of us are meeting up later, there's a party, you fancy it?” Sofia looked enthusiastic.
Holly shrugged; she wasn’t really in the mood to hang around partying but Sofia was persistent and continued to nag Holly until Holly caved in, eventually Holly agreed to go to the party, however; she didn’t think her dad would like the idea of her going to a party.
When she arrived home, Max was cooking dinner already, this was a bit early but Max seemed to be keeping himself busy either at work or at home. He had a deep sense of guilt inside him he couldn’t shift. 
Ben’s parents had been seen crying and praying for weeks for their son’s safe return home and he knew that Ben would never be coming back.
 They spoke to Max in the street as they passed by as they knew how close Ben and Holly were and asked Max to pray with them, he saw the sadness in their eyes but could do nothing about it and it was beginning to eat away at him inside. 
Holly could see how much her father was affected by all this but she felt there was nothing she could do. She tried to go back to the fiery place and find him but found nothing except a man both her and her father had now seen.
“Daddy…you ok?” Holly asked as she approached Max slowly.
Max sighed “Yes, I’m fine bubba…” but he wasn’t to convincing.
“Holly…” he started but then he stopped, he could see the look on his daughters face, her concern for him and the pain in her eyes, he couldn’t be honest with her right now, he needed to support her and be by her side like dads should be when their daughters are hurting plus he didn't want her backing away even more.
“Never mind bubba, I’m just feeling a little tired, so…you had a good day?” he asked as he forced himself to sound positive.
Holly told her dad about the party and as she had predicted in her mind he was not impressed, a fifteen year old girl going to a High School party when technically she was 10th grader but had been moved up to junior year because she was so advance, he did not like this at all. Max agreed to let Holly go though, he didn’t want her being singled out from her classmates and actually thought it would be good for her to get out and get her mind off of things.
“Oh wait…” Holly turned as she was leaving the room, “I need you to sign this…” she handed Max the permission slip for the trip to Rome. 
Max signed it without question, money wasn’t an issue after all they had quite a bit tucked away and they didn’t live a lavish lifestyle as to not draw any unwanted attention to themselves. 
Holly was shocked, she expected her father to say she couldn’t go but he didn’t seem to mind. Taking the signed slip from him, Holly went and sat in her room as Max continued to finished cooking.
Lying there on the bed Holly stared at the ceiling, images of her life started rushing through her mind.
 She had lost her mother, been abused and witnessed abuse, she had killed someone without touching them and now someone she loved was taken away from her.
 She didn’t know how she was going to make this all better but she was starting to feel like no matter what she done she was never going to see Ben again. 
This made her heart go numb, she didn’t want to feel anymore, it hurt every time she lost someone or remembered that she had lost so many people in her life and she wasn’t willing to get close enough to someone else to lose them too. 
Holly walked over to the mirror to look at herself, she was still beautiful, no matter what a bad day it was, it never affected her beautiful looks, she started to comb her hair and she noticed that she felt a tingly sensation in her fingers. 
A warm tingly sensation as if her finger tips were near heat or a fire. She looked down and saw the tips of her fingers glowing red.
She shook her hand quickly trying to make it go away but it made no difference. 
Holly began to feel frustrated so she shook her hand more and more, rubbing her hands to make the glow disappear thinking it was something she could just remove but then in a quick second her hand was a flame and fire shot from her hand straight into her mirror and smashed it into pieces.
 Max came running into the room after hearing a loud smash. He saw Holly whose face was filled with horror and he saw the smashed mirror pieces on the floor.
“What the hell happened?” Max asked as his voice rose in slight concern and worry.
“Ummm…” Holly was stuck for words. She didn’t want to tell him that fire had shot from her hand and broke the mirror.
“I accidently fell and it just smashed…” she lied.
“I’ll go get the vacuum cleaner, don’t touch anything…” Max left as he tutted in annoyance, when he came back he started to vacuum up the pieces.
“You should be more careful, you could have hurt yourself,” Max seemed slightly concerned and pissed off at the same time.
Holly tried to help but Max insisted he would do it himself. Holly could feel the wedge between her and Max, she knew deep down he was afraid of her and that he was feeling guilty over Ben. 
She felt that if she could distance herself from it all then everyone would be safe and better off without her.
After they had eaten, Holly went and showered and gave Max a kiss goodnight, he hugged her but she could sense him holding back, deep down this hurt her but she did nothing to show it.
 Holly went and sat in her room collecting things together, she was getting ready to sneak away. 
She wrote Max a note and when she heard him to go bed, Holly snuck out of the apartment and headed down to the woods.
She sat there for a while, no longer afraid but trying to gain control of her powers. It would take time but she thought she would start here, where she caused the most destruction. 
Holly sat where the clearing used to be and where Ben disappeared. She sat quietly and calmly talking to herself. 
She remembered all the bad things that had happened to her and as she opened her eyes she could see her hand again glowing red; that was it; that was her trigger, anger and pain! 
Focusing on her anger and all the pain caused from her past, Holly started to levitate off the ground, giggling to herself she found this amusing, such power inside her, it felt amazing in a way.
 She managed to engulf herself in flames but she did not feel the burn. A dog barked in the distance causing to be distracted and she fell to the floor. Holly laughed, somehow she enjoyed it, before when this sort of thing happened she had been terrified but something about this gave her a bit of joy, she didn’t really understand what it was but she wanted to continue using whatever it was inside her.
At that moment the ground opened up, fire and flames were beneath her in a whirl, like a tornado below her that went deep down into the ground and a small figure started rising, it was Raven. 
Holly stood and rose to her feet, this time she wasn’t afraid of the child like demon staring at down at her as she floated above Holly.
“Ahh my queen, it appears you have learnt to control your power…” Raven stated as she appeared.
“You… why are you here? Where is Ben?” Holly demanded to know.
“Oh the worthless mortal, he is being dealt with my queen…” Raven smiled at the thought of Ben’s torture.
“BEING DEALT WITH!” Holly was furious and as such she levitated to the same height as Raven as flames surrounded her.
“I WANT HIM BACK!” she shouted.
Raven laughed “BACK? YOU WILL NEVER HAVE HIM BACK AND IF YOU DO WELL…YOU’RE NOT WORTHY OF HIM.”
Him? Who was she on about? Holly’s mind was racing, was she on about Ben? Holly didn’t care about anyone else, she wanted Ben and she knew that Raven knew where he was, but Raven would not give him up or any of details of where he was.
“His life was nothing…” Raven sniggered to Holly.
Hearing this, Holly believed Ben to be dead and she was enraged, the flames around her grew angry and her eyes turned solid black. Holly and Raven got into a fight, throwing fire at each-other. 
As they fought, shadows appeared from the ground, although they did not join in the fiery fight, they gathered around to observe it or were there for some other reason.
 Holly had, had enough, with all the power in her she threw the biggest flame her body could conjure and along with it, darkness. It all flew towards Raven with such violence that Raven exploded from the inside out. 
Panting and breathing heavily Holly lowered herself to the floor as she watched the bits of Raven fall into the swirling fiery vortex which was still below them.
 The shadows scarpered quickly and Holly looked down, there in the fire were the souls of the damned black like figures reaching out and screaming in pain, Holly took a step back and closed her eyes.
 In her head she was telling it to disappear. Hearing a thunder beneath her, she opened her eyes, the vortex and shadows had gone, the flames that surround her had disappeared and her eyes returned to normal.
Holly realised she was very powerful, she didn’t know its true strength yet but she knew she could kill people and she knew she could will things away. 
However, she had not learnt how to will the one thing to her that she wanted and when she tried to will Ben to her it didn’t work, she didn’t understand how she could will this fiery vortex shut, she could will herself to go to a strange fiery place but she couldn’t will the one person she wanted to be by her side. 
Holly needed to find out more about herself and the power that she carried within her, with that thought in her mind, Holly disappeared into the night.



























CHAPTER 4

Max awoke the next morning. No-one had heard the ruckus from the woods the night before. Maybe it was because the shadows helped protect the fight between Holly and Raven, who knows? 
But Max woke thinking it was just a normal day. He went and knocked on Holly’s bedroom door to wake her for school and then went to the bathroom to carry on with his normal everyday routine.
When he came out of the bathroom, he realised Holly had not yet come out of her room, he went to knock again but he got no answer. Max opened the door as he called out her name but still he nothing back, he looked over to her bed and noticed the bed was empty and made, as he observed the surroundings he could see the bedroom had been tidied and a note on the dresser which read on the envelope: “Dad.”
His heart started pounding, he was a little afraid to open it but he needed to know what it said, he ripped it open to reveal a note from Holly inside which he began to read:
‘Daddy, by the time you read this note I will be long gone, after seeing the destruction I have caused and the people I have hurt, I can’t stick around to see anyone suffer because of me, I need to find out who I am and what this thing is inside of me. Know that I love you daddy with every inch of my heart and as I write this note I cannot help but cry, the last thing I want to do is be without you but I don’t want you to get hurt in all of this, take care my dear daddy and I hope one day I can return and you can love me again, I’m so sorry daddy, please, never forget me and please forgive me for this, I love you, always your baby-girl…..Holly xoxoxo’
Tears fell from Max’s eyes as his heart sunk. Holly had left when he was asleep, he wished he could have stopped her, knowing by now he would have no way to trace her and he wouldn’t even know where to start. 
He felt he had pushed her away by being so distant with her. In anger, Max went and smashed the apartment up, breaking furniture and destroying anything he saw.
 Neighbours heard the banging and crashing and went running to Max’s apartment. They kicked open the door afraid for his safety to see Max in floods of tears and angry. One of the neighbours ran towards Max and got him to stop.
Max fell to the floor as his neighbours looked on. They were trying to comfort him as Max kept telling them that Holly had runaway. 
 His neighbours thought she had done so because of Ben and that she was too devastated by his disappearance. Max was inconsolable at this point. 
He ran off into the streets and kept running until he was far away from the village. Concerned neighbours alerted the police but there was little they could do for a runaway and that went for both Max and Holly. The neighbours prayed for their safe return home, and Ben’s.
Back in New York, Lucian had returned from a day in the office, shadows were hovering around his apartment as usual but the atmosphere between them was more positive. Sensing this Lucian questioned them “What’s going on here?”
“My lord…” the shadows voice optimistic, “the queen used her powers, they have grown, she has learnt to control part of it, but however my lord… she killed Raven.”
Lucian’s eyes burned red and a smile beamed across his face even though anger showed in his eyes. Raven was one of his most trusted followers and she had now been destroyed by Holly, which in a way pleased him as it showed she still had evil within her but now Raven was destroyed completely and by Holly’s hand, Lucian knew her black soul would return to him and she would be reborn but for now he was without her assistance.
 Now that Holly had gained some control of her power it wouldn’t be long before she had mastered all of it and would come to him forever.
Lucian turned to the shadows, they seemed to be hiding something, he could sense the positive atmosphere but he could also sense the secrets, “what are you not telling me?” he demanded to know.
“My lord, the queen fled, we were not able to follow her…” the one shadow responded.
Lucian flew into rage, “WHAT! AGAIN?” he was not too pleased. 
Holly had gone again and Lucian’s plans were again thrown into disarray. 
Lucian demanded that the shadows find her, which was now going to be difficult as Holly was gaining control of her power.
 The shadows were ordered to go to Holly’s school and gather any information that they could from the minds of her friends, no matter the cost to their sanity, Lucian needed to know where Holly might be heading or what her plans were.
 Lucian was unsure of Holly’s soul now and whether or not she had swayed the other way, which she had done so in her previous life, this slightly worried him, he needed her, he wanted her and he was willing to do all within his power to make sure this time, it would go right.
It had been months since Holly had ran away. Max had stopped going to work and again dove into a life of crime and prostitution. He had moved away from the village he had grown to love and moved to a place called Monterrey in Mexico, a town that was rife with crime. 
Holly’s sixteenth birthday had been and gone and Max was beginning to lose himself again. Sleeping rough on the streets, he had become homeless through his own choice, even though he had money in his account, he refused to touch it or use it for Holly’s sake. 
She had access to the same bank account and he didn’t want her struggling or being homeless, so he had started to live rough on the streets and was basically a bum mugging people to get by and robbing stores for food and alcohol.
His appearance became unrecognisable, he was dirty as he had not showered or washed in a very long time, he hadn’t shaved so his facial hair had grown really long and he was still wearing the same clothes he had worn the day Holly ran away. 
He felt his life was meaningless now. Every night he would engage in sexual activity with street prostitutes and then flee to avoid paying for the services they gave him, he would go into stores and rob food or he would mug a defenceless person for their money. 
He knew what he was doing was wrong but he felt like he had no choice anymore. The one person he solely lived for had disappeared and he didn’t want to live the life he was living before without her.
Max had tried killing himself but had failed at each attempt. He didn’t seem to have the courage to go through with it. One night, whilst lying on the street in his usual hidden spot, he saw a prostitute working the corner nearby, this was slightly unusual as they never tended to come down this area, it was considered too dangerous, gangs lived in the houses that surrounded the areas, some of the buildings were burnt out and not in use and a lot of people tended to go missing.
 This girl must have been new, or dropped there by a client she had just been with.
Max stumbled to his feet, he had been drinking most of the day so was not exactly sober and he could barely walk straight. 
He approached the woman, she definitely was a hooker with her tight, short and revealing skirt, a top that showed all her midriff and only covered her boobs, no jacket to keep warm, the nights were not as cold but sometimes there was a chill in the air, she had needle marks up and down her arms so she was clearly an addict and she herself seemed out of it and high.
“Excuse me love…” Max spoke in his mumbled drunk voice.
The woman looked at him “you want me baby?” she rubbed her breasts as if to offer her services to him.
Max was slightly turned on, why did he want this woman? She was a drug addict, a prostitute and she could barely even walk straight. But this made him feel better; this made him forget about Holly, this life that was leading that was seemingly falling apart.
 The woman enticed him even though you could clearly see she was in no fit state to make any sort of decisions. Something inside Max said yes even though in his heart he knew this was wrong.
He took the prostitute back to his secluded spot where he slept. It was out of the way and well-hidden meaning those who walked or drove by would not be able to see anything.
They kissed a little but didn’t bother with the nice romantic stuff; he ripped her pants off, lifted her skirt and took her there on the floor. She seemed a little numb, but that was because she was clearly doped up on heroin, however Max carried on. 
She mumbled a slight moan but that was because Max was going at her really hard. 
He pushed his dick in and out of her, pounding her with every thrust he could force out of himself in his drunken state, for some reason though this felt good to him. 
Faster and faster he fucked her until he couldn’t contain himself any longer and he released inside her, it felt like it lasted a while but really only lasted a few minutes. 
He pulled out immediately but the prostitute just lied there not moving. Was she dead?
 He checked and she was still breathing, he could feel her heart beating, she had just passed out from what was probably the amount of drugs in her system. 
Max let her lie beside him all night and he then lied down and went off to sleep.
The next morning when he woke, the prostitute had fled, he didn’t know when or what time she had left; he had been drinking so he didn’t even feel her leave. 
He got up and went out and about in the local area where he was living it rough. 
The streets were not at all safe, gangs hung around on corners, even prostitutes worked there during the day with their pimps keeping a close eye on them.
 In some instances, bodies were even hung from telephone wires in the street as a symbol to others to beware not to mess with these gangs, or you’d end up dead.
 Not really nice area to be in, even for Max but he had gone passed the point of caring anymore. 
After spending all day wandering round, stealing and drinking, Max went to make his way back to his spot when he was stopped by a gang. 
They were very intimidating and were carrying guns with them, they approached Max and offered him some heroin.
 Max had a little bit money on him from a robbery he had committed earlier on that day, but with nothing left to lose and partially drunk, he accepted their offer and bought a small dose of heroin to take with him. 
He sat there in his small made up corner and injected the heroin into his body. 
This was a new low and with Max sinking further into the dark side, he was making it so much easier for Lucian to claim his soul when the time came.

CHAPTER 5

Holly had been moving around for months now not being able to feel settled, she had actually been using the money in the account she had access to, she had noticed the money only changed when she used the card so she knew that Max had left the money there for her to use and after moving around a lot, Holly was now staying in a hostel in New York which was cheap and people kept themselves to themselves. 
She returned here where it all began as being there, in New York, felt right to her.
Something inside her said something wasn’t right with something; she had butterflies and not the nice gooey ones, the ones that told you someone you loved was hurt or something was wrong with them. 
She knew something was wrong with Max as she could feel the connection being lost, but she couldn’t go back there, not now, in the last few months she had come so far within herself discovering the power within her and the things she could do, she felt like she had so much more to learn and find out before she could return and know that those around her would be safe.
She had gained control of her powers, her look had changed, her hair was now long and thick, a lovely shade of dark brown, her eyes were no longer orange and yellow but a shade of black with a yellow outline, the mark on the palm of her hand was no longer a burnt image but a scar where the mark used to be, the stain on the side of her eye had disappeared completely and her body was that of a supermodel. She was beautiful and in control.
Holly had learned that she could engulf herself in flames, when she was angry her eyes would burn red like a fire was burning in them, she could manipulate the minds of others and control them, she could shoot fire from her hands, she could kill people using her mind, she could move without being seen and will herself to go anywhere she thought of. She possessed the same powers as Lucian but she was a lot stronger.
Holly was now back in Boston where she was born. She didn’t remember much of her home having left when she was so little but every now and then flashbacks would appear of her home, her family and her life. 
She went to the street where they used to live and was staring at the house that was once her home. The house was empty, Holly remembered it had been sold but it seemed now that no-one lived there. She snuck into the house, the house was empty, no furniture no nothing around. She wondered to herself, had anyone actually lived there since it was sold? Who bought the house?
Holly wandered upstairs; she looked over the whole house, slightly remembering little things from a happy time. 
She heard a sound coming from what was her parent’s room. There was no-one in the house but her, so what was that noise? 
Knowing she had the power to defend herself, she slowly walked into the bedroom, there by the window was a woman, and she was looking out of the bedroom window onto the street. The woman was still, silent even. 
“Hello?” Holly called out to the woman but she didn’t get a response. 
The womanly figure slowly turned to look at Holly, her face was covered in blood, and her clothes were ripped revealing stab wounds all over. 
The woman looked familiar so being curious, Holly edged towards her but the woman stood still, just staring straight at Holly. 
As Holly got closer, the woman let out a terrifying scream and shot towards Holly passing right through her, it took Holly’s breath away but as she went through Holly, gruesome images of what happened to this womanly ghostly figure ran through Holly’s mind and then Holly realised, it was her mother.
Olivia’s ghostly apparition was in the room with Holly showing her exactly what happened to her. Holly became slightly afraid and felt sick at what she was being shown.
“STOP!” Holly shouted.
With such power in her voice, Olivia’s ghostly figure disappeared. Holly learnt exactly how her mother died, and it was more terrible than what she remembered reading in the newspaper. At that moment she heard a knock on the front door.
 Things seemed a little strange, the house was clearly haunted but no-one lived there, so in her head she thought ‘who the hell is knocking on the door’. Had someone heard her screaming?
She went to answer and upon opening the front door Holly saw nothing but darkness, no street lighting, no other houses, just pitch black darkness outside the door. 
Holly left the house and walked into the darkness, she looked around but could see nothing, everything around her was pitch black, was she still on the same street? 
She didn’t know; she couldn’t see anything at all. She walked through the darkness, then, in the distance, she could see a red and orange light, she walked towards it hoping it would bring her out of wherever she was. 
Normally she would demand to wake up or go home and she would be back to where she was but this time it wasn’t working. Something else was causing her mind to focus on something else; it was as if she needed to go towards this light burning so brightly in-front of her.
Her heart was pounding and the air was warm, but the darkness seemed liked a cold ghostly place.
 Walking towards the light she heard mumbled voices chanting. There in the distance was an open door where the light was shining through.
She walked through the unlocked open door where the chanting and mumbling voices started to sound closer. There in front was spiralling staircases that lead down to what could only be seen as a fire pit with human figures in black robes surrounding a book and a dress on some sort of manikin.
 Holly followed the staircase down to the bottom, the chanting stopped and all these human figures in black roes stood up and looked forward. She couldn’t see their faces; it was just blackness under their hoods.
 As she stepped off the staircase, she was drawn to the beautiful gown that they had surrounded themselves around.
‘It’s yours my queen, take it…” the echoing voices around her stated.
In her head she thought ‘queen? Who the fuck is the queen?’ but temptation over took her and reached out to take the dress, as she did, the figures started swirling around her so fast she could barely see passed them, but there, in the distance or swirls and messed up vision, the horned and winged black figure was stood there watching her. 
“Me and you” this thing said and Holly quickly closed her eyes and breathed deeply.
Holly opened her eyes; there she was stood at the front door looking out onto the street from her old house. Everything seemed like it was back to normal, she could see the houses and people were walking passed going into their homes, was it just a vision?
“Holly…” a voice whispered behind her and as she turned around, there in-front of her eyes was the dress; it was still on the manikin. 
No, it wasn’t a vision, again something had pulled her into another place where she had no control and again she had come back with something from the place she had just been to. 
Holly took the dress and quickly left the house, feeling eyes watching her as she walked down the street, she turned around to see Olivia’s ghostly apparition staring and watching her walk away. Holly left quickly and tried not to look back all the way to the hostel.
Back at the hostel, Holly tried the dress on, but it didn’t quite fit, it was a bit too long in length and a bit baggy on the breast area. She knew this was for her, she couldn’t explain to herself how she knew but she did and she knew that one day this dress would fit her and she would wear it for something special.
The night went on and Holly was chilling alone in her room at the hostel.
 She could hear the noises of the busy New York street outside which always seemed busy night and day and she could hear the people in the hallway. 
She tried not to drift to sleep too early, Holly was now always having dreams of a man, a man who would make love to her in an unusual way and they would be married, this freaked her out a bit.
She had been dreaming of a man coming for her since she was a child and now the man was making love to her. Was it the same guy?
She also dreamt of white light and beautiful large golden gates where people behind them were in long flowing white gowns and had beautiful gold wings. So confused by all her dreams she tried to sleep for only short periods of time as to not see what she was seeing but unable to fight it any longer, Holly fell asleep.
‘She saw him there, standing around, he was chatting, it was a party, and people are laughing. He approached her and asked her dance, she took his hand and he led her to the dance floor, a quick glance in a mirror showed the beautiful gown she was wearing, but she was taller, she was much older. The man led her across the dance floor, he was mesmerising, and he had captivated her. He kissed her softly, his lips take her breath away, the room fades, the people fade, they were now alone, he was on top of her, he was inside her, and he was taking her. She was enjoying it...’
 Holly awoke suddenly. Well that was new! Normally she just dreamt of him making love to her but this time she was wearing that dress, she was much older and she was drawn to him in a way she had never been drawn to anyone before. 
She looked at her wrist and she was still wearing the bracelet she had once found in that place, was this meant for her by the guy in her dreams? 
She didn’t know and she still didn’t know who this man was that plagued her dreams. She needed to know more but how was she going to find out about this? Should she go and see someone who could hypnotise her? 
No! She thought people would think she was insane and she didn’t want to end up like Max locked away in the loony bin tied up in a straightjacket.
Surely if someone could hear the thoughts going around in her head or know about the power she had within her, she would be sectioned and experimented on. 
The thought of that made her shudder; she knew she was never going to tell anyone about this. 
She would just have to ‘go with the flow’ on things and see what happens in the future. 
 Yes she was different and yes she knew that something or someone would eventually come for her, but what could she do to stop it? 
She had no idea who this person or thing was or how to find them. She had visited the fiery place but saw nothing except a horned and winged man, which visited her again, it showed no clues as to where this place was and provided no answers. 
Holly knew she had to act as normal as possible in everyday life, so she was going to go out to work, she wasn’t going to return to school, her mind was so advanced she didn’t really need to, the knowledge of whatever she wanted to know could be gained by her touching a book an injecting all that knowledge into her mind. 
































CHAPTER 6

Holly left the hostel and went into the main part of the city. She found herself in the library looking at all the wonderful books she had yet to discover. 
She decided this was where she needed to be. She could earn money, it was quiet and she wouldn’t be bothered by anything, well, what or who would try and see her in a library? 
This way though she could keep herself to herself, earn some money whilst she was at it, because the money in the account wouldn’t last forever, she would get a taste of work life and being a grown up and would wait and see what happens in her future.
You wouldn’t think Holly was a sixteen year old girl, her mind and ethic was more that of a thirty year old, but, the librarians would never know, Holly used her mind powers to make them agree into giving her a job and within a few weeks, she had shown them she was so sufficient and good at what she done that they usually allowed her to get on with things.
Holly had started to read through the books in the library, fiction, non-fiction, facts, crimes, world, food and anything she could find, her mind was full of so much knowledge so when people asked her things she knew everything to say about the topic they were discussing.
One lunch, Holly decided she need a break from all the reading, she had sucked up so much knowledge lately she began to get headaches, she had been suffering from these in the past year and put it down to stress. 
Walking around the city she observed the people going on about their day to day lives, did they know of the evil things in the world? Her mind flashed to the woods and Raven and the evil that was clearly following her, yet these other humans went on about their lives as if all was normal. 
Holly started to feel detached from it all. She knew she wasn’t one of them and she knew she was different.
On her way home that evening Holly heard a strange sound of mumbling voices. She had heard that sound before, walking passed the graveyard she could hear the sounds of the mumbling voices getting closer. It was the same mumbling voices that had drawn her to the dress when she was in the darkness. 
She needed to know what it was. There in the graveyard was the church. Flashbacks in her mind made her remember going there with Belladonna and Lucian; she remembered going there after she had been abused by Mr Peters. 
She hadn’t thought about this place since that night she left, she couldn’t believe it was still there.
Wanting to know what the mumbling was all about she headed towards the church. 
The crows were flying above the tower and the grand fiery entrance was burning fiercely. 
She approached it and let out her hand to touch the fire. As the fire infused with her hand, it turned a shade of dark red instead of the orange/red it was burning at; she knew she could walk through it without getting harmed. 
There in the church sat people in rows and rows filling up the entire pews. There was a priest stood on a perch giving a sermon on some sort of lord they should all worship. She stood in the back; she observed the people and what the priest was saying.
“Give yourself to the one true lord, the one who gives you your every desire, do not listen to those who believe in the other, the other takes things away from you, things you want, things you love, he gives you nothing but pain and misery. The one true lord will be your saviour, when the final battle commences, those who are loyal will be deeply rewarded, speak now and show your loyalty….” The priest powerfully spoke to the congregation and had them engrossed into every word he spoke.
“We follow thee, the one true lord, we pledge our allegiance to thee…” the congregation spoke with such devotion all in unison as they responded to the priests words.
Holly was intrigued, who were they talking about? Was it God? But then why would Christian followers come to such a weird church? No, it couldn’t be God? 
Surely! Her mind was racing; she felt the pain in the top of her forehead again so she snuck into a side room away from all the noise she was convinced that it was that giving her a headache, too much clatter and chatting. The room was black, black walls, black carpet and small windows with red tint. She could barely see but there in front of her was a table, some candles and a book.
Holly approached the table and there on the book was the symbol, the symbol that was now a scar on the palm of her hand, and flashbacks made her remember that Lucian once gave her part of a book that looked just like that one.
“May I help you young lady?” a voice questioned behind her.
Holly turned to see the priest looking at her with piercing eyes. He was so old, his face was so wrinkly and it looked rotten almost, his skin was grey in appearance, and in all honesty….to Holly he looked….well….dead!
“Umm sorry, I was in the congregation and I got a headache so I came in here away from the noise, I didn’t mean to pry…” said Holly.
The priest was still staring at Holly, she felt uneasy, and the way he was looking at her; did he want something? 
He started to slowly drift towards her, he didn’t know who she was at this point, he hadn’t seen her since she was a child and she had changed so much since then. 
As the priest got closer he could see the colour of her eyes, the only one woman in the entire world would who would grow up to have eyes like that was the queen once she had all her power, he grabbed her hand and turned it over revealing the symbol that was now a scar on her palm. He breathed in quickly like someone had just stolen the air out of his lungs and he clenched hold of Holly’s hand tightly. 
She tried to pull it free but he was holding on too tight for her to pull away.
“It’s you…” the priest whispered.
Holly struggled to free her hand due to the priest’s tight grip, in fear and worry, she triggered the fire in her hand slightly enough for him to react and let go but not to set his hand on fire and at that moment she fled in the blink of an eye as she had learnt to do. 
The priest chanted out to call Lucian who came to the church immediately. 
“My lord, the queen…” the priest stumbled in his words, “she was here, here in this room, and I know it was her, her eyes were black with a yellow rim and the mark on her palm, and it was her.”
Lucian quickly looked up as if to instruct the crows to scowl the area but they could not see her and did not know which direction she had fled into.
“What happened?” Lucian demanded to know roughly grabbing the priest by his arm.
“I found her in here, I did not know who she was my lord, until I got closer and then I realised….it was her.” The priest was clearly in pain by Lucian’s tight grip.
“She’s here, in New York…” Lucian spoke to himself and then let go of the priest.
Holly was only sixteen and the ritual could not be performed until she was eighteen. This wasn’t through his choice, this was so that the ritual was binding, if he could have her now then he would but he simply was not able to.  
Lucian was about to leave when he stopped and turned to look at the priest, he had a confused look on his face.
“Her eyes, they were black you said?” Lucian repeated the priests’ words.
“Yes my lord, with a yellow outline as if the eyes were to see all…” the priest confirmed.
“But, that’s not possible, she is but only sixteen, her eyes should only change once she has fully come into her power, unless….” Lucian paused. 
“My lord?” The priest prompted, “Her power, it has come early…”
They both knew that by the change in Holly from her red eyes to the now black eyes meant she had full use of her power and that by the slightly burnt reddish mark left on the priests hand she had learnt how to control them also.
This was a change in the way the book had been written about the queen. The tale was told that the queen was bestowed great power at the age of eighteen when she was able to control and use them wisely and it was also bestowed upon her as her birth right. 
When the great battle happened and Lucian was forced out, her power became that of pure darkness. Lucian could not understand how the prophecy of the queen had now changed. She had come into her powers too early and yet was able to master and control them as if she was born with them; surely such thing was not possible but then again Holly was born with them, from the time she was a toddler she was able to do strange things that Lucian realised he had not bothered to notice with her the people he had put in her life to ruin it, he knew of her dark gift as a child but assumed this came from the demon father, not that it was her true power. 
Lucian began to wonder, could it be the life she was born into? Had her time in this realm affected her and changed her destiny?
He did not have the answers, he opened the book, there under the title ‘THE QUEEN’ was all the legendary information that had been written by the fathers and by followers. 
Lucian had read the bit about her power and the bit about her killing someone she loved, he knew all of that. So what could possible change this? What could possibly give her so much power too early? He read the book:
‘The power that was bestowed upon the queen was her right at birth being who she was born to be and her family ties, the queens power may come early if something triggers the evil within her, as the queen was originally born of goodness and light, such events can trigger the power within the queen to surface more quickly, should this happen, the queen may be stronger than the lord himself…..’
“That’s it…” Lucian stated slamming the book shut as he turned to the priest.
“The influences here in this realm have triggered the power within her. Her mother was technically raped creating a damned soul for Holly already before she was born, her innocence as a child was stripped at an early age and then the fight with Raven and it’s all here…” Lucian babbles on as he waves the book in the face of the priest.
He was completely naive, Holly didn't get these powers because of Lucian, she was indeed born with them which effectively made her stronger than him, the book did not predict that Holly or whoever she would be when she was born was able to be born with such power, it predicted that something horrible would cause her to gain power early. 
Even though he was oblivious to all that, he knew the ritual would still not be effective until she was eighteen, however, he could place himself in her life and guide her making sure she didn’t sway to other side. Lucian left the church to seek out Holly with the help of his devoted and loyal shadows.
Holly was at the library trying to calm herself down. Her boss approached her checking she was ok and she reassured him that she was fine; she just wasn’t feeling too well. She perked herself up and carried on with her working day.
Lucian was at his apartment staring out the window over the city of New York. 
He could smell Holly’s powerful scent from where she had been in the church and it seemed to loom over the city. His shadows would find her, he knew it, and he would go to her and impose on her life as much as he could. 
He wanted Holly to come to the real him, not this form he had taken on, so he decided to remain in the body he had chosen until the time was right to reveal his true identity to her. 
He returned to his fiery chambers, there in the pit of fire and evil was Ben, still chained up. 
His body was severely weak and he was covered it cuts, scars and bruises. Yet something was keeping him holding on, he fought for his life and endured the pain of the torture as much as he could.
Lucian started talking to him about Holly and how she had returned to New York. Lucian made out to Ben that she had sought out Lucian because she wanted him and they were meant to be, but listening to the information Ben didn’t seem to care about Holly anymore. 
He was fighting for his life but his heart no longer clung to any other soul apart from his own. 
He wanted to be free of this hell one day and he hoped that by fighting the evil he would one day have the strength to free himself, Holly was just a distant memory now.
 Sensing Ben’s lack of care for Holly gave Lucian great pleasure. He believed that when Holly saw him and saw he had no care for her that she would believe he used her just like Mr Peters and she would then destroy him and claim his soul leaving her free to rule by his side for all eternity. 
Lucian was happy believing that this was how the events would turn out.



































CHAPTER 7

Months had passed and in those months Max had been taking heroin provided to him by the local gangs in the area and he was now hooked. 
Because he was regularly getting high and having unprotected sex with prostitutes his health was now seriously beginning to deteriorate.
Max knew he needed medical help. Late one evening, he pulled off another robbery stealing thousands from safe in a local store. He managed to flee before being caught, not that he would have been caught anyway, due to the rise in crime and violent gangs, police rarely ventured down that particular area leaving the gangs to constantly terrorise the residents and businesses that were left open to the public.
Hiding in his corner with the stolen money hidden down his ripped and dirty trousers, he doped himself up with more heroin and lied down as he began to feel spaced out. 
In a daze, he heard rustling coming from nearby, he lifted up his blanket that he was using as a door from wall to wall of the corner to reveal a partially naked woman stood there. She looked familiar. It was the same woman he had rough sex with previously. 
Her body was beaten and she still had needle marks up and down her arms. 
She had clearly just been abused but she was still clearly looking for her next client and her next fix. Max pulled her into his corner; she enticed him and told him to take her, so he did.
He pulled her clothes off as fast as he could and pushed her legs open, with one forceful push his dick was inside her and he was fucking her roughly. It felt good. 
He needed this. He kept thrusting in and out as she moaned beneath him; he wanted it rough, he had lost the kindness in his soul, he thrusted hard as he wrapped his hands around her neck. 
Harder and deeper, gripping her tighter he fucked her until he exploded all inside her. Feeling relieved and still high, he fell down beside her and fell asleep.
The next morning when Max awoke, the prostitute was still lying there beside him. He leant over and shook her but she was not responsive and she looked pale and when he touched her she was cold. Feeling worried he got up and leant over her, he couldn’t see that she was breathing, he checked for a pulse but there was nothing. In a panic he tried to perform CPR but it was not working. 
He noticed the bruising around her neck and he realised that he had grabbed her so hard that he had actually killed her with his own hands. He quickly moved away from her, how had he done this and not known what he was doing?
He covered her over and walked to the doctor’s office which was an hour’s walk. 
On his walk he wondered how he was going to move the body without being seen.
 No-one ever went to his corner so he knew she would not be found whilst he was gone, but that didn’t stop him worrying about the fact he had a dead body lying there and it was his entire fault. 
Arriving at the doctor’s office it was very crowded. It was the only surgery in the area and lots of people needed help.
 It wasn’t the cleanest of doctor’s offices and you could tell that some people in there were in severe need of some sort of medical help. Max waited three hours before his name was finally called.
Walking in the doctor’s office, the doctor was smoking, not your normal doctor you would say but in this area people tended to do whatever the fuck they liked and didn’t give a fuck about how it impacted on others.
 The doctor was fully qualified for sure but he didn’t have the basic care and compassion that you would find in other doctors, he was really only interested in the money he could get out of these people. 
“What is it you need?” the doctor asked Lucian his tone not even slightly sincere.
“I…” Max mumbled in his words, “I need help…”
The doctor looked him up and down and began to examine Max. Looking over him, the doctor noticed sores on his mouth and genitals, he also noticed the needle marks in his arms where he had been injecting heroin, but this was nothing new as the doctor saw this in 99% of his patients.
 The doctor finished examining him and took some blood for further tests. Max sat down and looked at the doctor looking extremely concerned.
“Well, sorry to have to tell you this but it appears you have contracted, well, quite a few things actually, the sores around your genitals and mouth area are consistent with that of herpes and genital warts.
 The sores on the palms of your hands show that it could be syphilis, we will run a blood test to be one hundred percent sure but I’m ninety nine percent certain that you have these STD’s Mr Gage…” the doctor explained.
Max was in shock, he couldn’t believe this was happening to him. He hadn’t exactly been safe or clean in his ways recently or in the past when he had sex with Belladonna or prostitutes previously. 
“What happens now?” Max asked nervously. 
The doctor explained that he could prescribe anti-biotics for the symptoms but it wouldn’t actually cure the diseases.
 Max couldn’t afford this though, he had enough money to pay for the appointment and now the blood test that was needed to be done but that was it, he had no medical insurance and he had lost his bank card over the months he had been living rough. 
Max ran out of the office before the doctor could finish explaining things to him. 
He was disgusted with himself and how he had become nothing but a diseased human riddled with STD’s, no home, no money, no wife and no daughter by his side.
 His life had become a ruin; he felt he had nothing else to live for. It wouldn’t matter what other diseases he had, he couldn’t care less anymore, and he just wanted to die.
That night, he was sat in his corner with the lifeless body of the prostitute lying next to him.
 He had already picked up more heroin on the way back from the doctor’s office so he decided he was going to sit there and put this nasty stuff in his body and he was hoping he would never wake up.
 Lying there in a daze Max realised it was not going to be that easy for him. He picked up the body of the prostitute and carried it over his shoulder to a bridge. The bridge was a bit of a distance away as it was above a freeway but not one person stopped to question why he was carrying the body of a lifeless woman over his shoulder.
 He passed a few gangs on their corners but not one said anything, not even one seemed to care.
Approaching the bridge he felt like his heart left his body and that he could no longer feel for another human being, he tossed the body over the bridge and allowed to fall onto the oncoming traffic below.
 Max leant over the railings watching the traffic speeding by below him on one side of the freeway and the traffic that had come to a halt where he had just thrown over the dead body which had hit some oncoming cars. 
He started to remember his life with Olivia and Holly but he started to feel resentment towards Holly at this point because all the bad things seemed to happen when she came into his life. 
He began to feel hate towards her but then realised he was hating his own daughter, he thought to himself how could be so cold and heartless to have hateful feelings towards his own child?
“Thinking of jumping are you Maxy boy?” a stern and familiar voice spoke behind him. 
Max turned to look and there looking smug behind him was no other than Lucian.
“You know it has taken years to track you down….” Lucian stated as he slowly started walking towards Max. 
Max looked at him in horror. How had Lucian found him? Max was off the radar and done nothing to draw attention to himself or so he thought so anyway.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Max angrily questioned Lucian with slight fear.
Lucian’s smile was smug and callous “Well Maxy boy, I’ve come for you, thought I wouldn’t find you aye? Well that’s where you’re wrong, didn’t you kill someone last night?” his look stated he already knew the answer to that question.
Max looked at Lucian who was edging closer towards him, it was extremely intimidating but Max didn’t have the energy to fight him off.
“It was an accident…” Max mumbled answering Lucian’s sarcastic question.
Lucian laughed with delight “ahhh well as that maybe that’s what led me to you, you see I can sense a murder and well….” Lucian leaned over the bridge looking at the dead body that had stopped traffic as onlookers from the freeway looked in horror, “she wasn’t exactly perfect, so when she came to me I could sense it was you who led her my way, that’s how I found you…” Lucian looked at Max and grinned.
Max was confused, what did he mean ‘led to him’ what was he the mafia? Did he have watching gangs nearby who saw what he had done and reported to him?
“What the fuck Lucian, I led nobody to you, you crazy son of a bitch….” Max replied.
“Oooo wooo little bit of feistiness in you I see Max….” Lucian was taking the piss out of Max. 
Max looked at him as Lucian continued to explain, “You ever wonder why all this happened to you? Why Holly has her gift? Why your precious Olivia was taken…”
“You couldn’t possibly have done any of that, I only met you when we moved to New York…” Max interrupted as he could see what Lucian was saying.
“Ahh Maxy boy, you have no fucking idea who I am or what I have done, you see, your daughter is not even your fucking daughter….” Lucian stated cruelly.
Max was horrified, “don’t fucking lie to me you heartless bastard…” he answered.
Lucian laughed; Max could hear the evil in his voice, it was so cruel and cold. Lucian grabbed Max by the throat and leaned him backwards over the railings.
“Don’t you fucking tell me I’m a liar, Holly was never yours, she never belonged to you, she is the product of Dr Matthews and the demon that was within him and Olivia having a good old fucking session in his office, what? You honestly thought she was yours, it never fucking occurred to you that she wasn’t, with all the power she possesses you thought that come from you? You foolish prick….” Lucian tightened his grip over Max’s throat as Max struggled to breathe. 
“Tell me then…” Max let out struggling for air.
Lucian let him go and Max fell to the ground trying to regain some air in his lungs. Lucian walked backwards and seemed to do a sarcastic dance. 
“I’ll tell you then Mr Gage” he said sarcastically. “Holly was the product of centuries planning. She is the queen of hell where she was born to rule, with me….you see she was born centuries ago and sadly she was taken from me, we had to wait for the right woman to come along to impregnate, Holly wasn’t a normal foetus and it would require a particular person, that’s where Olivia came in, but we couldn’t have just anyone father her now could we, that’s where Dr Matthews came in, he was the vessel for the demon we needed to impregnate her, he was meant to produce her with your Liv, and now, Holly has grown and has fully come into her powers and soon she will come to me…”
Max jumped up face full of tears and anger to punch him but he missed. Lucian quickly moved and was much faster than Max. Max looked behind him.
“YOU LYING BASTARD….” Max screamed.
“Why would I lie, haven’t you seen the things that have come for her or the disturbing things she has done? When doctor’s touched her as a child they became sick did they not?" Lucian lent over Max as he lied crying on the floor.
Max was distraught. Lucian went on to tell him about how Holly was the creation of something evil and that he was born to be by Lucian’s side. Lucian told it all, how Dr Matthews had raped, tortured and murdered Olivia, with a demon guide, how Belladonna had murdered his parents, how Mr Peters had stolen Holly’s innocence and the evil that she unleashed that night as a child killing him instantly.
Max couldn’t take it anymore, not only had he learnt how his loving wife died, but he was now told the one daughter he had was not actually his, he now felt he had every right to hate her but he also loved her, he was torn inside and broken. 
That was it, Max needed a way out, and he didn’t want to hear any more of what Lucian had to say about Olivia or Holly.
 He walked over to the edge of the bridge as Lucian’s back was turned. Lucian was still talking but his voice faded out. Max heard nothing but the voices from Olivia and Holly laughing from memories in his past in his mind. 
Max climbed over the bridge and leaped to his death killing himself on impact as he smashed into the cars below.
Lucian heard the crash, he walked and looked over seeing that Max had jumped off and his blood spattered body was below with the dead prostitute.
“Oh well, no loss there…” he stated as he shrugged his shoulders and left. 
All of Holly’s family was now dead, she was totally alone.




























CHAPTER 8

Holly awoke suddenly, she felt like something had torn out her heart, it was painful; she curled up and put her hands on her chest to try and ease the pain. What the fuck was it? 
She didn’t know, she was asleep having her normal dream but the dreams would never inflict pain on her, this was something different, something tugged on her heart and she felt it.
Holly got up out of bed after a while to try and shrug whatever it was off. 
Walking around she accidently stood on the remote. Looking at the TV she thought she would chill and watch TV for a bit until she was able to nod back off. 
Flicking through the channels there was a live news broadcast of two bodies that were on the freeway blocking cars after throwing themselves off the bridge above. It definitely caught Holly’s attention for reasons she didn’t even know, she just continued to watch intrigued as to who would kill themselves and put the lives of others in danger. 
The bodies could not be identified by the police due to having no ID so instead the reporting cameras just hovered above describing the shocking scene.
‘….As you can see below here two bodies are lying on the freeway after throwing themselves off the bridge, you can see the traffic as a complete standstill whilst rescue teams try and move the bodies and the damaged cars, police have yet to identify the bodies, that of a man and a woman, all we know at this point is the woman is a possible prostitute and the man has identifiable tattoo on his left arm that read ‘Olivia’ if anyone knows anything…..’
The reporter’s voice zoned out as the room began to spin, Holly knew that Max had gone and gotten a tattoo like that after he came out of the mental hospital to always remind him of her mother. She needed to see this for herself to see if it was actually him. 
In the blink of an eye Holly was at the scene, police, ambulance and fire crews were everywhere with their flashing blue lights, onlookers gathered round to get a glimpse of the people who had quite clearly committed suicide, who would guess anything else?
There in amongst all the palaver Holly could see the body of a man lying on the floor. She moved through the crowds like a snake without being seen until she was right up next to the man on the floor.
 His head was smashed on the one side and his body seemed broken, she turned him over and looked at his arm, it was him, it was her father. This is what had woken her so abruptly, this was the pain she felt, her father, and the one person she had left in the world was now dead. Holly broke down in tears as the policeman tried to pull her away.
“Miss….I’m sorry you cannot be here…” he stated as he grabbed her to pull her away from the dead man’s body.
Holly pushed him away and screamed “THIS IS MY FATHER!”
The ground started shaking due to Holly’s anger and sadness; she felt so much pain as she leant over Max to cuddle him.
 People around could feel the ground shaking and started to back off thinking an earthquake was about to happen.
“Daddy, please come back to me please, I never meant to leave or hurt you, I just want you back, Daddy please open your eyes I need you, I love you Daddy please, please open your eyes…” Holly begged and sobbed as she cuddled into Max’s blood soaked broken body. 
Holly had a lot of power, she had more than she even realised at times, but one thing she was not able to do was bring someone back from the dead. 
As she calmed down, the ground stopped shaking and onlookers returned to look at the scene.
 Holly was lying over Max crying and the onlookers shed tears for her also, what they saw broke their hearts.
“Miss….” a voice said gently, “We need to move the body….”
Holly looked up to see a policeman giving her a sympathetic look. She moved away, she didn’t want to let go but she knew she couldn’t bring him back. The rescue teams had moved the other body and the damaged vehicles and now they were moving Max. 
They took Max back to the morgue where they laid him on an ice cold slab ready for an autopsy, although it was apparent suicide, all things had to be ruled out, and the body of the female prostitute lied next to him on another slab. 
They allowed Holly into the room where her father was lying, firstly to formally identify him and then as she requested, to say her final goodbyes.
It was a touching moment, she went to hold his hand but she noticed the apparent sores of some kind, she didn't want to catch anything so she put on some gloves and held his hand tightly in hers.
 Tears streamed down her face, her heart was broken but she just wanted to spend some time with her dad saying goodbye. 
She saw how abused his body was, the needle marks in his arms, the sores on his mouth which she was really hesitant to go anywhere near, the bruises which could have been from before or after the fall, her father was a mess and he looked nothing like the man he used to be. 
She started talking to him saying her final words even though he would never ever hear them or her voice ever again.
“Daddy, you and I have been through so much together haven’t we, and now we’re like this, you’ve gone and left me here all alone, I know you would never hurt me and I guess you done what you done because you felt like you had no way out, but know that I will never forget you, I love you, remember when I was little and you used to sit there and do puzzles with me? I never remembered much but every now and then things come back to me, whatever was troubling you has now gone Daddy, go be with mum and look after her until the time comes when I can join you both, may heaven welcome you with open arms….”
“He wouldn’t go to heaven….” A deep voice interrupted.
“Excuse me…” Holly turned to see a janitor mopping the floor behind her. 
“I said he wouldn’t go to heaven, he killed himself, he’ll go to limbo, where all the damned souls go….” The man told her.
Holly looked back at Max and then turned to speak to the man but he had vanished. 
She looked around but couldn’t see him anywhere.
‘Limbo?' She thought to herself, she had heard of that place before, her mind raced as she tried to remember where she had seen or heard about it, but she couldn’t think straight. S
he kissed her father on the forehead and stroked his cheek, she gave him a soft smile and left. She made arrangements for his body to be flown back to Boston after the autopsy so he could be buried at home next to her mother.
Holly wandered back to the bridge where it was claimed her father had leaped to his death. 
She leaned over the bridge staring down at the traffic that was going by as if nothing happened. 
She tried to imagine what drove him to jump off of the bridge; she could tell by what she saw in the morgue that he had defiantly been living rough but when she left him he had an apartment, a job and money. 
Why did he now have nothing? There were a million things racing through her mind as she tried to understand how all this had happened.
“You want to be careful you don’t fall…” a voice sounded behind her.
She looked to just see a man stood behind her, it was quite dark so she couldn’t make him out completely but he seemed small in shape but very tall, he was wearing all black and stood in the shadows.
“I was just thinking to myself but don’t worry I won’t fall…” Holly replied as she tried to see who the man was.
“Are you sure? Two people already went off there earlier you know…”
“Yes I know, what do you know about it?”
“Just what I saw miss that’s all, it’s a shame really!”
“Oh….” Holly was intrigued by this man “How so?”
The man didn’t move, he just spoke “Just is I guess, when one takes their own life and they feel they have no way out, don’t you think?” he asked Holly.
“Ummm, yeah I guess so…” Holly looks back over the bridge “But why do this? Why did he leave me?”
“All answers will come in good time by queen….”
Holly heard those words and turned quickly but the man had vanished. ‘Queen’ she thought to herself. 
Was it the same man or someone else calling her that, she couldn’t answer her own questions because she never saw the man’s face!
 It seemed to be a long night and the sun was coming up. She clicked her fingers and with a gush of wind Holly was now home.
 She was due in work in a few hours and needed to clean herself up. She was still in the clothes she had worn to bed as she left in such a hurry during the night to see the body of Max.
 She had a shower and images of the night haunted her, but so did that man she had a conversation with on the bridge. Who was he? And why did she keep getting referred to as a queen?
Nothing made sense anymore, she could feel her heart broken and she felt totally alone, no-one to turn to at all anymore. 
A part of her felt guilty for leaving but then the other believed she done it for a good reason so that her power or the darkness that followed her wouldn’t hurt him or anyone else around her.
She finished getting ready for work and she checked herself in the mirror, again she was beautiful, but she noticed the top of her had two red lumps just below her hairline. 
This was where she had been getting headaches recently. She moved her hair about to cover them so that no-one would notice; she was worried as to what they could be. 
She continued with her day in work as normal, reading books as well as doing the administration work for the library. 
Holly mostly kept herself to herself these days and only spoke to someone when they spoke to her. 
She glanced at the calendar on the wall; her seventeenth birthday was approaching in a few weeks.
‘Wow, had it been a year already since I’ve been here’ she thought to herself. In the time she had moved back to New York, gained control of her power and moved around sorting herself out, it had indeed been a whole year.
 She hadn’t noticed how long she had been gone for; she hadn’t noticed the months go by at all. She wondered if that was the reason 
Max had killed himself, or that he had seemingly lost everything, because he believed she would never be coming back and that she had totally abandoned him. 
She held back her tears as she tried to show no emotion anymore, she had no-one to lean on and no-one to save her and she wasn’t going to be viewed as weak in anyone’s eyes.
Holly was continuing with her working day when she heard a voice from one of the aisles that was arguing with a member of staff and sounded rather rude. 
She moved closer to hear the voice that sounded strangely familiar. Peering through the books she could see a man having a discussion with a library worker who had handed him a children’s book and he was telling her that only religious books where acceptable in his house-hold and no other books were allowed as they were deemed evil and would pollute the children’s minds.
Holly looked and she realised, it was her foster father. He had moved to the area recently as he got more money for children than he did where he was before and it was closer to a new religious group he had become a part of. 
There he was in the library demanding stupid books because others were ‘evil.’ 
He would regularly go get religious books for the children and make them read until they memorised the book off by heart, she remembered being forced to learn countless books which never seemed too much trouble for her but she watched her foster siblings struggle and then be punished when they could not recite the book back to him.
She moved towards the aisle he was in and looked down the aisle straight at him and the woman who was seemingly nervous by his aggressive attitude. 
The woman was a library worker who was trying to help him but he was an awkward fucker and everything the assistant tried to do was not good enough. Typical customers who think that the aggressive manner is the best way to get what they want.
“Maybe I can help you sir….” Holly said in background.
He turned to look at the beautiful girl stood at the end of the aisle scowling at him. Holly moved closer.
“I know which books you would like if you would follow me please….” Holly led him to the aisle with religious Christian books that praised the lord and his life.
“Here….” She pushed a book into him.
The book hit his chest and he looked at her in disgust sort of with a bit of pain as she pushed it really hard into him.
“You don’t recognise me do you?” she asked.
Her foster father looked at her “No miss, should I?” he replied looking her up and down trying to figure out who she was.
“I’m Holly….” She replied.
He looked in shock; she was nothing like he remembered her and had grown to be so beautiful she kind of took his breath away.
“Oh my god, Holly? You look so different, where have you bloody been all these years…” He went from surprised to kind of angry.
“I ran away from you and that shit hole you called home” she replied angrily.
“I. Beg. Your. Pardon.” he was disgusted with her tone and her wording.
Holly got up close to him and in a hushed tone told him straight, “Listen here you scumbag, I know what you’re doing to those kids, they don’t deserve that treatment, and neither does my colleague who was trying to help you, you no good lying son of a bitch, soon you’ll have what’s coming to you, you utter dickhead now I suggest to take that book and get out of here before I shove it so far up your fucking ass you’ll be spitting out religious shit for months.” She was very threatening.
He looked scared and disgusted; he took the book and quickly left. Holly felt a sense of pride in herself, she was never able to stand up to him before and she knew how horrible he was. 
She happily sighed to herself and carried on with her working day, but her foster father wasn’t going to let what she said to him slide. 
He waited outside of work for her ready to teach her a lesson and at 5:30pm, Holly left the library and started heading home. 
He watched her leave and followed her until they had reached a park off the main road that was empty and no-one was around. You couldn’t really see the park from the main street and no-one tended to look in that direction as people went about their normal business.
“Oi, bitch…” he called out behind her.
She turned to see her foster father there, his face was angry; she knew this was not going to end well.
“I suggest you fuck off before you get hurt scumbag…” she told him, her voice sounding certain and confident.
“What the fuck are you going to do to me you slut, I housed you and looked after you and this is how you repay me?” 
He started walking towards her with his fists clenched so tight his knuckles were turning white, but Holly didn’t back off and this time she showed him no fear like she used to as a child.
“I’m going to teach you a fucking lesson you little whore, that’s what you are, fucking boys at the age of fourteen, you’re disgusting, you should have died when they took your father away.” He spat at her.
That was the last straw. Holly laughed wickedly and then looked him right in the eye, her eyes turned red with flames burning through them, her hands lit up and she looked at him with a cunning look on her face.
“You have no fucking idea who you are messing with,” she replied with an evil smile.
“What the fuck…” he took a step back as he saw the fire in her eyes “I knew you were an evil bitch the moment you came into my house.”
Holly smiled from ear to ear, the look of evil overcome her face. Her foster father then seemed to turn and walk towards the main street with Holly watching behind him still smiling. 
She was doing this, she was forcing him to walk into the main street, and he couldn’t speak or stop her as he had no control over what he was doing but he had fear in his eyes as she seemingly had control of his actions. 
He walked into the middle of the road and an oncoming car smashed straight into him knocking him flying and killing him instantly.
This made Holly happy, she actually enjoyed it, she never thought she would, she left the park as people ran to see the man that had just been flown across the road and killed. 
She didn’t give a fuck about him, but it gave her an idea, she was going to sort out her foster mother next.
 She made her way to their house, she took the address from her foster fathers mind, she forgot many things in her life but she was never able to forget how badly they treated her, and for what? Because they thought ‘God’ told them to? 
She arrived at the house within seconds, yes, her powers came in handy when she wanted them to, and she looked up observing the house outside. 
The house was plain and even though it housed many children of different ages, there were no toys or swings or anything in the garden that suggested any children lived there at all. 
She went and knocked on the door. Her foster mother answered, still wearing that bloody key around her neck.
“Can I help you?” she asked, she didn’t recognise Holly either.
“I’m here to sort you out bitch, don’t you fucking recognise me?” Holly was full of rage at this point but she still seemed calm and happy.
“Excuse me who are….” She was cut short as she was forced backwards into the house.
She looked genuinely terrified for her life but Holly didn’t give a shit about how she was feeling, she felt she had no right to feel that way after the abuse her and her husband inflicted on Holly and her foster siblings.
The children came running down the stairs after hearing the crashing and banging. 
Holly saw them and sent them out of the house, she told them they were free and to go back to the foster home.
 She gave them some money and sent them on their way. They looked at Holly relieved and fled as quickly as they could. 
They didn’t even attempt to save their foster mother; they too wanted to see her suffer just as much as they had suffered.
















CHAPTER 9

Holly and her foster mother were now completely alone. Holly blew a cloud of smoke around the room which seemed to seep into the walls.
“Now no-one will hear you scream….” Holly said as she looked at her foster mother cowering in the corner.
“Who are you?” she asked, her voice trembling with fear.
“You don’t recognise me?” Holly laughed then got right up to her face, “I’m Holly you silly bitch….” Holly grabbed her by the throat and threw her across the room.
She hit the wall hard and fell to the floor. She looked up at Holly, whose face was pure evil, her eyes were red with flames and her hands seemed to red as if they were burning.
“I’m not going to do this fast, I’m going to make you feel every inch of pain as you did with us for so many years.” Holly explained to her as her foster mother levitated into the air at Holly’s will and was forced down onto a chair. 
Ties seemed to appear from nowhere and wrap themselves around her forcing her to be tied down to the chair. Her mouth was forced closed so she couldn’t scream or say anything, not that anyone outside the house could hear her, Holly just didn't want to listen to her whining.
“You’re probably wondering where dear old dad is….” Holly’s voice was sarcastic, “Dad my fucking ass, anyway, he won’t be coming back to save you, unfortunately he was hit by a car today, so sad….” She tried to sound sincere but she was being sarcastic and just laughed.
“Woah tried to hold that in then but hey, scumbag deserved to die. You remember when we were little and how you’d lock us in our room for days, how you would force us to pray, how you beat us if we disobeyed you, oh and let’s not forget, how you fucking forced someone who was there for me out of my life” Holly said angrily as she made knives surround her foster mother.
“I never forgot what you did to me or them, and now, I’m going to make you pay and I will make god damn sure your soul rots in hell” with Holly’s cruel words her foster mother lifted off the ground still tied to the chair as each knife around her penetrated her one by one. 
It was gruesome and evil, although Holly did not stab her physically; she used her mind to do it for her. 
Blood dripped all over the carpet as her foster mother bled to death with a total of fifteen knives in her body. 
When Holly was done she let the chair crash down onto the floor. She looked over the body feeling a sense of achievement; she had made her pay for what she did and how miserable she had made her life. Holly left and returned to her apartment, it was now dark outside. 
Looking in the mirror, the sudden realisation of what she done had just hit her. Her hands were shaking. ‘
What the fuck have I done?’ She couldn’t believe she had just intentionally killed two people.
 Although a part of her felt disgusted with herself, she could also feel a sense of happiness knowing that she had done it to people she believed deserved it.
“What has become of me?” she asked her reflection in the mirror.
She didn’t cry; she didn’t feel sad or upset by the two lives she had just taken, she felt like her actions were justified but couldn't believe she had done that all on her own. 
Still staring in the mirror she noticed the two red lumps had become more prominent on her head. 
They weren’t sore and she certainly didn’t remember bumping her head, she had no idea how they were there or what they were, trying to clear her mind, Holly showered herself and went straight to bed.
‘She saw him there, standing around, he was chatting, it was a party, and people are laughing. He approached her and asked her dance, she took his hand and he led her to the dance floor, a quick glance in a mirror showed the beautiful gown she was wearing, but she was taller, she was much older. The man led her across the dance floor, he was mesmerising, and he had captivated her. He kissed her softly, his lips take her breath away, the room fades, the people fade, they were now alone, he was on top of her, he was inside her, and he was taking her. She was enjoying it...horns sprout from her head and his head and the two lock together, light shines between them like electric as their horns connect in such passion…..’
Holly awoke up from her dream. It was the same dream as before but this time there was an added extra, the horns coming out of her head! 
She ran to the bathroom to look at her head and noticed the lumps were bigger. She closed her eyes an envisioned horns sprouting from her head. 
As she did her skin broke on her head which caused pain. Holly collapsed the floor screaming as she felt something come out of her forehead; it was as if a knife was poking through the skin. It took a full five minutes before the pain died down. 
Holly got up to look in the mirror and there on her head were sparkling black horns. She looked on in horror at these beastly horns coming from her head and then she passed out.
In daze she felt someone pick her up off the floor and carry her. There were lights above that shone red and bright and the smell of ash was all around. 
She couldn’t bring herself to wake up completely, who was this person who seemed to be helping her? 
The person laid her down on a soft mattress, it felt spongy and her body sunk into it, it seemed to sooth her. She could hear a voice; it was subtle, quiet, calm and soft.
“My queen, you are safe here with me, it is not time yet, but soon it will be…” with those words she felt someone kiss her forehead and she drifted back off to sleep.
Lucian was the one who went to get her. He sensed her kill two people and he sensed her horns coming from her body, both his and hers shared a connection and hers had finally come through, early, however this was expected as she had received her powers so early and had just committed two evil acts in a very short time.
 The reason for her pain and fainting was because the first time the horns would cut through was a painful time, cutting the skin to be able to come through and go back in when needed. 
Lucian once felt this pain when he first got his horns but Holly was not yet ready to endure this pain as hers had come early.
She was in his bed in his chambers; Ben was hanging from the wall and could see her lying there.
 He didn’t recognise her like all the others, Holly’s appearance had changed so much, all he saw was a beautiful girl lying there on Lucian’s bed that Lucian seemed to be very loving with and considerate to. He wiggled as much as he could with little energy making his shackles make a sound against the wall which seemed to disturb her, but before she could wake Lucian appeared.
“Don’t you even fucking think about it” then Lucian bit him which caused Ben to pass out.
Holly woke up in her room. She dashed to the bathroom quickly as she remembered the black sparkly horns coming from her head, but there was nothing there, no lumps, no cuts and no marks. 
She decided to call in sick that day in work and stay home, she wanted time to herself, after seeing her dead father and losing everyone, not to mention killing two people, she wanted to distance herself and remain in her home where she couldn’t hurt anyone, she thought she was going a bit insane, dreaming of horns coming out of her head, who has dreams like that? 
Everything that had happened was just a little too much to cope with all at once.
Lucian was at the church talking to the priest. He explained about Holly and her horns and the fact that she had killed two people. This seemed to please them both. 
They both stood there smiling with glee as they both believed that the destiny of him and Holly would take place and remain that way for eternity.
“You saw the horns my lord?” the priest asked Lucian.
“Yes, although you can tell she was not ready, in her slumber they retracted and I sprinkled dust from mine over hers so they won’t come back just yet” Lucian explained.
“Yes, it appears much is happening too soon, however, we are prepared, the alter has been decorated and I believe she now has her dress?”
“Yes my dear priest, make sure the minions do their work.” Lucian demanded.
“My lord, they have been doing everything you have requested of them, they know they will be deeply rewarded.”
They gave each other an approving look and Lucian left. He sent his shadows off again to find him a woman. 
As the time drew near to Holly becoming eighteen, his sexual urges became stronger. 
The shadows returned with a prostitute they had swept from the streets. Prostitutes in New York regularly went missing so no-one was going to report this one missing and even if they did, the police tended not to act on it. 
Lucian forced her down on the bed in his apartment, she couldn’t move, he wasn’t even touching her but then for her to bend to his will he didn’t need to touch her, he was the most powerful evil thing in all the realms, or so he believed, he could do as he pleased and didn’t give a fuck about the consequences of his actions.
 This time he wasn’t going to waste time, his horns came out from his head and his tail came out from behind, his true form appeared and his huge wings sprouted from his back. 
He grabbed her and pulled her forward and took her. His dick was enormous for a normal human so it made her scream out in pain, as it did the other women he fucked before.
 He fucked her hard and fast as he roared with pleasure. The woman was begging him to stop but he just laughed and continued as he needed to satisfy his urge. These women would never truly satisfy him but they would do for now. 
In and out he thrusted deep inside her, as he was ripping her open with his gigantic stiff erection. The shadows watched with pleasure as Lucian fucked this poor girl. 
Eventually, he cum and killed her by strangling her with his tail. He ordered the shadows to remove the lifeless corpse from his apartment whilst he cleaned himself up. 
He was slightly satisfied but he needed his queen who was the only one who could fulfil all of his needs.
A few weeks later he headed into town to do a bit of shopping, updating his wardrobe, he may have been evil but Lucian loved to look good and go to stores to try on goods whilst he was in human form. It was late afternoon and Holly was also out shopping after spending a few weeks at home by herself trying to come to terms with what had happened and she had recently been back to Boston to bury her father. 
Lucian spotted her across the road looking in a shop window, his breath left him for a second, her beauty was more captivating than he realised, he hadn’t noticed before as there always seem to be something going on. This was the first time he got a good look at the woman who he loved so dearly, the woman who was his queen. 
‘Look, see me now' words spoken in his mind and at that moment Holly turned and locked eyes with him. She crossed over and walked right up to him.
“Lucian….Is that you?” she smiled softly.
“Yes, Holly, it’s been a long time….” His voice gave away his happiness.
“Yes it has….” She paused….. “Wait, you recognise me?” she seemed shocked.
“Of course I do, I would never forget you, and you have grown to be so beautiful, why? Am I not supposed to recognise you?” He asked with a smile.
“Well everyone I have been around didn’t recognise me when I saw them again; I guess I’m a little surprised that you do.” She smiled at him softly. 
It was nice for her to see someone she knew and someone she had once felt she had a connection with.
“What are you doing here?” Lucian pretended to know nothing.
“I moved back about a year or so ago….” She replied clearly hiding her reasons,
“Oh…wow….look at you, you’ve grown…” He acted like this was the first time they saw each other since she was put into foster care.
“Yeah it really has been a long time, I’m seventeen now.” She said smiling.
“Well you’re practically a woman, so you’re at school still?” he didn’t know everything.
“No I uhh, I left school when I was fifteen, I had to…..” she paused “uhh personal reasons anyway I came here and got a job, I have an apartment, its small but it will do just for me….”
“All on your own?” as if Lucian didn’t already know the answer to that.
Sadness filled Holly’s face, “well uhhh my dad died a few months back, he’s buried now next to my mother in Boston so yeah, I guess I am alone.”
“I’d like you to come and work at my company….” Lucian suggested out of the blue.
“Wow, ok, that was a bit sudden; ummm I don’t think I’m qualified to work at your firm Lucian….” Holly was hesitant.
“You’re good with numbers aren’t you?” he persisted.
“Yes, I am very good at maths…” she sounded proud.
“Then come work for me, I need a new accountant and I want someone reliable and that I trust, plus you and I have a bit of history…..” he seemed slightly pushy.
Holly remembered he was the one that was there that day in the church grounds when she killed that bird, she felt he had always been there to help her. 
She accepted his job offer and Lucian made arrangements for Holly to be moved into the swanky and expensive apartment below his penthouse.
 This was exactly what he wanted, her to be close where he could follow her every move and manipulate situations that would be beneficial to him. 
Holly seemed delighted; she was earning loads of money in her new job and living in an uptown swanky apartment that she didn’t need to pay for.
Life seemed to be going well for her and within a few months she was settled into her new job and bonding closely with Lucian.
 Outside of work however, Holly would regularly kill people using her power, not just random people, those she though deserved like if she caught a rapist or someone she could sense was not a good person. 
She felt guilty every time but she also felt a sense of pleasure out of it, her mind always thought what was becoming of her? 
But she couldn’t stop, she had great power and she could do practically anything she wanted without getting caught.

CHAPTER 10

Months had gone by and in those months Holly had killed so many people she had actually begun to lose count, it was as if a different part of her took over when she killed them and she believed she was doing the right thing killing people who were bad, well, she perceived them as bad.
She decided she needed a holiday and she needed to get away from it all, it was just all a bit much and she felt like she was losing control of who she was and after-all, she had never actually had a holiday ever before in her life. 
She booked a few days off work with Lucian’s permission and she took off to the Romanian capital of Bucharest.
 It wasn’t the normal of places to visit when you go on holiday but Holly wanted to sight see and she had read about Romania in books which fuelled her desire to go there, she loved its history and legends of Dracula and his castle, although this was myth it still encouraged her to want to visit.
Upon arriving at the airport she immediately made her way to the Old Princely Court and Church. 
It was said to be a beautiful building built in the fifteenth century by the infamous Vlad the Impaler, or Dracula. She was drawn this darkness and this type of history.
It fascinated her. According to local lore that Holly had read, Vlad kept his prisoners in dungeons which commenced beneath the Princely Court and extended under the city. 
All that remained there today were a few walls, arches, tombstones and a Corinthian column which Holly wanted to go and see.
On the journey, Holly was reading local legend about the history of the Old Court. The Old Court Museum was established in 1972 when an archaeological dig revealed the remains of the fortress, along with Dacian pottery and Roman coins, evidence of Bucharest's earliest inhabitants. 
The oldest document attesting to the city's origin under the name of Bucharest was discovered there. It was issued on September 20, 1459 and signed by Prince Vlad Tepes. 
Next to the palace stood the Old Court Church dating from 1559 and was considered the oldest in Bucharest. 
For two centuries, the church served as coronation ground for Romanian princes. Some of the original 16th century frescoes had been preserved.
Holly was so excited. Upon arrival her car pulled over in a safe zone that allowed the drop off of passengers. She could see the beautiful building from across the way. 
She started drifting slowly towards it in a trance at how beautiful it looked and how familiar it all seemed to her. 
She had never been to Romania before so she didn’t understand why when she was looking at the building she was experience a bit of déjà vu.
She stood outside the building admiring it when an old woman passed by her. She felt the old woman’s eyes on her so Holly turned to see the woman staring clearly straight at her. 
The old woman was in tatty clothes and was quite clearly a beggar, or at least she looked like one. Her clothes were dirty, her face looked like it hadn’t been washed in a long time and she was missing most of her teeth. Not the most attractive woman in the world. T
he woman approached Holly and grabbed her by her arm.
“You, you must leave before he finds you, your power is strong but do not give in, there is light within you, you’re the one he wants, he will destroy your light, quick, leave, don’t give in to the darkness.” The woman pleaded as she tugged on Holly’s arm.
“Excuse me, let go…” Holly tried to free herself but this little old woman seemed very strong.
“You’re the one he will come for, this is where he will take you, and I see good in your heart, leave, don’t let him sway you…” The woman continued.
Noticing Holly struggle people came rushing to pull the seemingly mad woman off of her. 
The people pulled her away as the woman fought to keep hold of Holly ranting about how the dark one was coming for her. 
Holly could feel her eyes burning but controlled herself in the crowd of people. 
She had only been there less than a day and already a scene was being caused with Holly in the middle as per usual.
“My dear I’m so sorry about that are you alright?” a handsome man asked concerned.
“Uhhh yes I’m fine thank you…” Holly looked at him as he assisted her.
“Please accept my apology, that’s not how I like tourists to be treated.” He was very well spoken, clean and well dressed.
“Huh….” Holly let out as she couldn’t find any words to speak; this man was incredibly hot and sexy.
“I’m sorry, how rude of me, I’m the mayor, my name is Lucas” he extended his hand to shake hers.
She shook his back, “Oh, nice to meet you, I’m Holly.”
“Holly, lovely name, look I’m sorry about her, one of the local residents, sometimes she tends to go off on one, I’m having a party, I’d be honoured if you could attend….” He pulled out his business card.
“Oh no there’s really no need for that I’m fine honestly…” Holly protested as this man she had just met less than two minutes ago was inviting her to a party.
“I insist…” he clicked his fingers and what appeared to be an assistant came running to him.
“Please make sure this lovely lady is on the guest list for this evening” he ordered.
“But sir, it’s a 39090.50 leu a head,” the woman then looked at Holly as if she didn’t know, “That’s….”
Holly cut her off “ten thousand dollars a head, yes I know, I’m good with numbers thank you.” Holly then turned her attention to Lucas.
“I appreciate your generous invite but it’s a bit steep just for a party plus you've only just met me, feels a bit strange you inviting me to such an event” Holly said to him.
But Lucas was persistent “Haha very true but I insist, no expense to you, this is on me.” He turned to his assistant “Now arrange it….” He demanded. 
He gave her a stern look; she knew not to question him and left to make arrangements. 
He got another assistant to take Holly shopping for a dress and to have her hair and make-up done ready for the lavish party.
 He arranged her stuff to be taken to a more expensive hotel which he paid for and then he left for the day leaving Holly was completely dumbfounded by what the fuck just happened.
During the shopping trip Holly was taken to the most extravagant of stores. The dresses were beautiful and the prices were through the roof. Who would think that Romania would have these types of stores? 
But only the wealthy shopped here. The assistant led her into a shop that had the most expensive dresses and shoes.
“Pick one…” he said.
“Excuse me?” Holly looked shocked.
“Pick one, anyone you like, Lucas insists…”
Holly looked around “What? Any dress?” 
“Any dress my lady….” He smiled at her.
Holly looked around the entire shop. She was stuck for choice, they were all so beautiful. 
One dress caught her eye. It was long and flowing in the colour red. The dress was made from chiffon which flowed freely and the bust was a half corset to give it some grip to hold it up. 
It had a slight train on the back and was plain and simple.
“You like?” the assistant asked as he popped up behind her.
“Yes, it’s beautiful….” She replied as she stroked the beautiful gown that had caught her eye.
“Go….try it on….” He insisted.
Holly took the dress along with some shop assistants to try the dress on, they all seemed to be giving her their undivided attention, was probably because this dress was the most expensive in the store and one of a kind. 
There were no other dresses made like it and only one was made by a mysterious designer who made one beautiful dress every ten years and women would flock the store to see the latest creation. 
He was like the dress fairy. No-one knew what this designer looked like, only that his dresses were the priciest in the world and would only be released in this particular store. 
Wealthy women from all over the world would come here when the new dress was released to try and buy the dress that was one of a kind, but this newest creation was the most expensive one yet.
 Lots of women came and looked at the dress, admired and desired it but could never afford the ridiculous price tag it came with, it even put of the wealthiest of people spending that amount of money on one bloody dress.
The dress was a staggering 8609150.00 leu, meaning the dress was $2.2 million dollars. Holly lost her breath when she saw the price tag. She could easily convert the currency in her brain without any issues.
She turned to the assistant who had brought her here “I can’t take this dress, look how much it is….” She showed him the enormous price.
“It’s fine my lady, if this is the dress you want then this is the dress you shall have….” He gave her a smile and a nod of approval as the store clerks helped her slip into the dress.
The dress was only ever made in one size and it fitted her perfectly, what were the chances of that?
“Ahh my dear, it was as if the dress was made for you….” The store clerk beamed.
“You would say that…. You’re working on commission…” Holly replied to her.
But then Lucas’s assistant stepped in, “no my dear, she is right, the dress is perfect and was quite clearly made for you,” he turned to the store clerk “We’ll take the dress and the shoes please, also could you arrange a beautician to come over here and please hurry, we have a party to get to.” He demanded. 
The store clerk was happy to help and made calls to call in a beautician to the store.
 Holly was in the store for most of the afternoon and by the time they were finished with her it was 6pm. 
The party she was invited to started at 7pm and she was an hour and half drive away from the place that was described to her as a palace. Holly went and looked in the mirror. 
She looked beautiful beyond words. The dress sat on her body perfectly, her hair was half up and half down where they had placed a small tiara on her head, the waves in her hair were thick and they had placed sparkling diamantes throughout her waves. Her make-up was stunning; she had dark eyes like a supermodel and a light pink shade lipstick which was more natural.
She couldn’t believe what she was seeing, was this really her? She didn’t look seventeen; she looked like a grown beautiful woman. Lucas’s assistant led her out of the store into a private car and they made their way to the party. On arrival, Holly was stunned, the building was beautiful and it did indeed look like a grand palace. Men and women were being escorted in their fancy evening wear into the building by butlers and staff. All the women were wearing tiara’s and fine gowns and all the men were in their best dressed.
Holly was led into a grand hall that had very tall ceilings decorated with angels and demons, it was weird but beautiful, it appeared to show evil conquering good, not your normal ceiling décor, the floor was marble, the tables were covered with black cloths and had candle centrepieces. The sides were covered in backdrops that had what appeared to be sparkling stars through them and they lit up the room in a beautiful white light. It was most extravagant.
Lucas was there in his tux, he looked extremely handsome. Looking closely, Holly thought he looked a little bit like Lucian. They had very similar features and similar names but then she realised she was being silly as they were two different people.
“My lady, you are looking absolutely stunning beyond words” Lucas complimented Holly as he approached her.
“Oh thank you, listen you didn’t have to do this” Holly again stated to Lucas.
But he didn’t care, for some strange reason he wanted her there, he was very touchy feely with her, going round the party guests with her on his arm like a proud boyfriend. As young as she was, this didn’t feel weird to her. It felt right, like she was supposed to be on the arm of one of the richest men in the country, but then again all girls would love that wouldn't they, being treated like a princess.
“I’m curious….” She started, “you’re the mayor, how do you afford such finery, not that I’m complaining, the dress is beautiful and I’m grateful but seems above your salary.”
Lucas laughed politely, “Oh my sweet girl, I have money I have inherited through the years through family and title, becoming the mayor was more of a hobby, care to dance?” 
Holly nodded with a girlie smile on her face. They danced slowly staring into each-other’s eyes. It was as if no-one was there in the room with them, like all the guests had disappeared. 
Holly was totally bewitched by this man. He had her undivided attention. After a while of dancing and drinking, Lucas made a speech about the party. Holly was completely taken by him, he had completely captivated her. Was she just a young girl with a crush? 
She didn’t know.
They sat down for a meal, a fine three course meal and Holly was seated as guest of honour next to the host, Lucas.
 As they ate, they chatted and laughed, Holly had told Lucas about her job and life in New York and Lucas seemed to listen intensively. 
He was like no other man she had ever met and yet a part of him seemed familiar to her, he seemed to be like Lucian. 
His look, his smell, the way he moved and spoke, it all seemed too familiar, was he the one she had been dreaming about?
Everything seemed familiar, the place, him. Her mind started to wander a bit as she had never been here before in her life.
















CHAPTER 11

Holly was feeling a tad full from the meals and the fine wine so she decided to go for a walk in the gardens. The gardens had tall trees, flowers, roses, bushes, fountains, it was beautiful. 
Holly followed the footpath to the end of the garden. She had strayed quite far from the house. 
She looked back, everyone was in the house enjoying the fancy party, and the garden was quiet, dark with garden lights to shine on the footpath. She carried on walking further and further until she was not able to see the house anymore. 
She had wandered into the garden maze.
“Holly” a voice whispered in the darkness. Holly turned but she could see no-one
“Hello?” she called out but she got no reply.
“Holly…..” the whispering voice cried out again.
She went further into the maze and she came across a gate. The gate was shut and behind it were steps that led down somewhere that was completely pitch black.
“Holly…” she heard the whisper loud and clear coming from behind the gate.
Holly was curious, she could hear beautiful music being played, was like someone playing a love song on the piano, it seemed to call out to her, the beautiful sound, she ventured behind the closed gate and plus she knew she could defend herself should she need to. S
he took her shoes off and followed the steep climb down the steps following the whisper of her name and the sensational piano music. Holly couldn’t see very well so she used her hand as a glow torch, fire lit the palm of her hand she followed the stairs all the way to the bottom.
At the bottom was a long black, dark corridor with a door at the bottom. 
The door itself was red but behind shone a bright light. This looked familiar, she had dreamt about this before, but in her dreams a man was waiting for her, to make love to her. 
Did she really want to go down there? In her mind she had to, it was all to coincidence to be here when she was here, that her dream just happened to be at this house she so happened to be invited to? The music was too enticing and seemed to call at her and the whispering voice kept calling out to her. 
She followed the long corridor; all the way down she could hear the whispers of her name being and they seemed to be clearer the closer she approached the door. 
She put the flame on her hand away, she didn’t know what to expect behind that door and could very well have been nothing and she didn’t want to scare anyone. Approaching the door the voice went from a whisper to a deep musky voice.
“Come and see who you really are…” the whispering voice said to her.
Holly pushed open the door slowly; there behind the door was a lamp on shining brightly, what seemed like a pool in the middle of the room, one red chair you would give to your grandad to sit in, a large black piano that seemed to be playing on its own and a man standing at the fire place.
“I knew you’d hear all of this, a little soon that planned but you heard it all, I gave it a go and it worked….” The man said softly as he stared into the burning flames.
His voice seemed familiar, Holly frowned trying to figure it all out but she could only see the back of him.
“Where am I and uhh, who are you?” she asked nervously.
“I’m the other half of you” he replied and turned to face her.
“Oh my god....Lucian?” she was shocked.
Lucian smiled at her, “Yes…well sort of….”
“What do you mean sort of, I know who you are Lucian, I can see you…” she pointed at his face.
“Well, my name is Lucian yes, but this isn’t the real me….” He tried to explain.
“Have you had a bit too much to drink, wait, what are you doing here?” Holly asked as she was trying to make out the cryptic words he was telling her.
Lucian laughed as he approached her with confidence and sexiness “haha no Holly and I’m here because it’s time to show you the truth and answer all those questions in your mind….”
Holly was fixated on him. How did he know she was searching for answers? She had never told anyone about her power or her gift, the only people who knew were now all dead.
“Come….” Lucian held out his hand and she willingly accepted.
He led her to what looked like a pool in the middle of the room and the kneeled before it, the piano music seemed to fade quieter in the background.
“Look….” He pointed at the black water, “what do you see?”
Holly looked down “darkness.”
Lucian touched the water with his finger, it rippled and turned into burning flames in front of their eyes and Holly saw an image of herself, but it wasn’t her reflection, it was a different her. Lucian was showing her, her past life.
‘She walked across the clouds behind the golden gates; she had just turned eighteen and was married to one of the other angels, Lucifer. Lucifer was above every other angel in heaven. His appearance was beautiful and dazzling. He radiated light and glory. He was covered with gold and shimmering jewels. 
Lucifer was the Chief Covering angel and he worked in the throne room of God. Her name here was Ada, the daughter of God in heaven. As her birth right, God bestowed great power on Ada for being his daughter in the heavens. She would remain by Lucifer’s side and live a happy, blissful life together. A rumour heard amongst the heavens was that their child would be as powerful as God.
Ada was in her room when she overheard God discussing a secret meeting he had with Jesus to one of his angels.
Ada told Lucifer about this being Lucifer was the chief angel and he had not known about such meeting.
Lucifer believed God feared him and Ada’s power as a couple and the rumours of their baby being born in the heavens having more power than God himself and believed he had cut off his daughter and Lucifer for a reason.
Lucifer became jealous of the meetings being held between God and Jesus on a regular basis and he often confided in Ada, she held his heart and he felt nothing was complete without her. He set out on a campaign to prove that he was above Jesus. Lucifer began to be proud of his own glory and wisdom.
Over time one third of the angels in heaven chose to side with Lucifer and to worship him instead of God. Ada looked on at her angel husband and stood by his side totally devoted to him believing he was in the right. God made tireless efforts to persuade Lucifer to repent and return to him and Lucifer almost relented, but he would not give up his pride and humble himself. 
He refused to admit that he was wrong. And had persuaded Ada and that God, her father was dishonest.
Eventually Lucifer became entrenched in his pride and God could no longer influence him. God reluctantly removed Lucifer from his position of Chief Covering angel. Lucifer was thrown out of heaven, along with the angels who had chosen to follow him and Ada at which point Ada felt betrayed and hurt so much by her father that her heart turned cold.
Ada and Lucifer ruled hell together taking things to a new level of evil which God was not too pleased about but Ada was too in love with Lucifer to leave him.
Lucifer wanted to rule all the realms, he had persuaded Ada to join forces with him and combine their power to start a war with God and with their wishes, an almighty war erupted.
The battle between angels from both heaven and hell was brutal; angels lost their wings, sides changed.
God looked upon Ada who he had always seen as pure and good and the daughter that was not known the world who he had loved so dearly. He believed that her love for Lucifer over-clouded her judgement which had swayed her to his dark magic that they had since gained after leaving the heavens.
Ada would not bow down to her father and she would not leave Lucifer as she believed that Lucifer was a victim of her father’s cruel treatment of him.
God’s angel warriors tricked Ada into believing they had surrendered and Ada went to meet them away from Lucifer as the battle commenced between above and below. Her father was unaware of the angel’s trickery and believed they had gone to meet her to bring her home.
Ada walked into a trap and with a swing of their swords the warriors of God took Ada’s life.
An angry Lucifer retreated into his realm of hell and there a new prophecy was born, written by the fathers of Ada’s rebirth into the world.’
Holly jumped back. She had just witnessed something that could not possibly be true. 
“What the fuck was that Lucian? Some stupid home movie?” Holly was furious and confused.
“No, it is you and I, you were the queen, you were and are my queen.” He grabbed hold of Holly.
“Lucian, that’s ridiculous, how could that be real? I’ve seen some things in my life but Jesus Christ and anyway if that’s who you are….how can I be a queen? I’m seventeen years old” her voice now turned shaky and high pitched as she rambled on. 
Lucian stood to face Holly and Holly looked back at him, fear and confusion filled her face.
“Who are you?” her voice whispered out.
“I? I am many things, I am the devil, Lucifer, Lucas, Satan and many more, but to you, I am the one your heart beats for, the one you dream of and the one with whom you share your power.” Lucian took Holly’s hand and placed it in his.
“Wait, you’re Lucas? This….This is all because of you?” she shouted out pointing around the place.
“Yes, to show you who you really are and why you have that power inside of you.” He said encouragingly.”
“If I’m all that, then who is the real you?” Holly questioned.
Lucian smiled at Holly; fire surrounded him completely as his true form came out, the horned, winged huge beast of a man.
Holly looked on in shock “Oh my god, I know you….” Her heart started beating fast as images in her head flashed to the beastly man she had seen before.
Lucian came back down to Holly’s level but kept himself in his original form.
“So all those people, they were just a lie? A cover up? But how can two men look the same?” she asked.
“Magic made me alter the appearance of the body I am using so they seemed similar, and yes, you needed to see the real you before you could see the real me, do you accept me as I am?” Lucian asked her as he gazed into her black eyes.
Holly looked around, strangely inside of her this all felt normal, this felt like where she belonged. 
She had always been strangely drawn to Lucian and when she arrived here and at this party she was also strangely drawn to Lucas, now they were the same person all along and all for her.
She turned to Lucian, she looked lovingly into his eyes stroking his face “Yes…..I do, I don’t know why but I feel like I need you, like I want you” she replied.
Her eyes turned fiery red as did his, her horns extended from her body and as they did, her wings grew from her back, she snuggled herself into Lucian’s arms and he embraced her.
“My love, my queen….” he said breathlessly as he ran his hands through her hair.
“My love, my Lucian….” Holly replied.
As they entwined, the heaven, the earth and hell all shook. Holly had willingly gone to him, his queen was by side at the early age of seventeen, finally after centuries, and they were reunited.
All that was needed now was for the priest to perform the ritual that would combine them and make them one, but this ritual could not be done until she was eighteen otherwise the binding ceremony would have no effect.












CHAPTER 12

Holly and Lucian returned to New York where Holly moved into Lucian’s penthouse apartment. Holly stood in the room, her mind still a bit in overdrive as she walked to look out of the tall windows.
“I never thought that my power came from there, that my destiny was not to enjoy life on earth but to destroy it, that I was destined to be with you, that I was born for you. From the time I was very little I always knew that I was different than all the other children, although I just thought that most children thought that at some point…” she spoke to Lucian as she stared out the window. 
He went and comforted her realising all this was a lot to take in. Sensing something Holly looked around to see shadows everywhere on the walls.
“What the fuck are those?” she questioned pointing at the moving shadows.
“Oh, they are our servants, our shadows; they will do our bidding for us when we are not able my love.” Lucian replied.
Holly didn’t seem impressed, she didn’t like the thought of lurking shadows, but rather than make a scene she carried on making herself at home. 
They had to remain in the apartment until the ritual had been completed, once this was done, he would take her to their true home where he would show her Ben and force her to kill him to prove her love to him. Lucian was a little selfish and tended to want things his own way, even with Holly it had always been this way.
“So, my name was Ada?” Holly asked as she approached Lucian in the bedroom.
“Yes, you can change it back if you like?” Lucian replied.
“Nah, I like Holly, besides I’m used to it now, would be weird to change it” Holly shrugged.
Lucian agreed; he didn’t really care what name she had as long as she was with him. 
He walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her waist from behind her. He was still in his true form; he didn’t feel the need to hide from her any longer. Holly felt his warm embrace; she leant backwards so her head was resting on his chest.
“I feel so at home” she sighed.
Lucian turned her around to face him; he had waited centuries for this moment, to have his queen back by his side.
 Yes he was the king and ruler of all that was evil but he too could love and love very deeply. 
But was he being completely honest with Holly? Had he really shown her the truth? He kissed her on the lips, the connection was electrifying, their horns were out and their wings were expanded. 
Holly felt ready to feel the true power and embrace Lucian. She knew his real name but she felt she would always refer to him as Lucian, this felt right to her.
Something inside her told her that this was where she was meant to be, although she wanted it, part of her felt something else, something she couldn’t explain yet.
 He pushed her backwards on the bed, technically Lucian was centuries old and Holly was only seventeen, but this didn’t matter. It was true love. It was their destiny to be together. 
They engaged in foreplay which was considered rough by the other women he had been with but to Holly it felt normal, she enjoyed it.
When he entered her, her body shuddered, his body shook with excitement. 
Fire surrounded their bodies as they made love for the first time. He thrusted in and out of her, he thrusted hard, she moaned with delight as his beastly dick moved in and out of her.
 Holly moaned and moaned until Lucian came inside her. The fire died down around them and Lucian lied on top of Holly as she cradled him in her arms. A part of her really loved this man but a part of her felt like something was missing, she just wasn’t sure what.
The next day, Lucian took Holly to the church to see the priest. The priest, upon Holly’s arrival, bowed to his queen and his lord. He had never bowed to Lucian before but done so this time as the rulers of hell were united. 
Lucian was now back in the form of the body he had been using for years when he was trying to hide himself from Holly as they were seen in public he felt the need to hide his true self as not to scare passers-by, not that he really gave a shit however, it wasn’t the right time to reveal himself on earth. 
Things were being prepared ready for the ritual which would take place in a few weeks after Holly’s eighteenth birthday. 
The priest and Lucian walked on alone as Holly took a look around at the items she had once seen as a child and only now understood why she was brought here.
“Everything ok my lord?” the priest asked concerned.
“Oh yes, she came to me willingly early but yet she’s here with me” Lucian said beaming.
“Your plan worked?” the priest seemed surprised.
“Yes, it worked better than I had hoped for, now we will dominate as we were always meant to and soon, all realms will be ours” he held his hands up and smiled.
“My lord, you must consummate the ritual as soon as it is done, the queen will be at her most fertile at this time, and you must impregnate her then if you hope to conceive your son” The priest was very forceful with his words. 
The queen was very powerful being the daughter of god born in the heavens only this time; she was born on earth, conceived with a man demon that was pure evil. 
But with Olivia’s blood flowing inside her, this worried the priest that she would still have a tendency to sway to the other side. God could attempt to claim her back, she may have not been conceived by him this time round but her soul was still the same, her soul was still that of Ada. 
Holly was nosing around the church when she came across an old book. It was a bit dusty; it hadn’t been open in some time. 
Opening the book it read ‘From us to you, born in the fire we pledge to serve you always.’
Holly always was a curious one, she carried on reading, it had been signed by those who were demons born in hell and those who had pledged their evil born souls to serve Lucian always.
 It had a paragraph of the demon or person under each of their names. Then Holly noticed a name that was familiar, it was Belladonna, next to it her nickname, Belle. 
It read: Belladonna, daughter of Thorn and Regan. Belladonna has been promised a human to mate with and conceive a baby for purposes of fulfilling evil deeds. Belladonna possesses the power to foresee events and change them should she wish. She also has the power of sexual manipulation. Should Belladonna fail her lord after promising to fulfil her quest, Belladonna will be condemned to the darkness.’
Holly had a flashback, she remembered as a child wandering into the living room and seeing Belladonna having sex with a beastly man as her father lay on the floor. And what was her quest? 
Holly wondered as she had flashbacks of that night. Holly knew that it was Lucian and he had been there having sex with Belladonna when she was meant to be with her father.
She stormed over to Lucian “I want to talk to you now!” her voice serious and angry.
Lucian turned “not now we are talking about our plans Holly” he dismissed her.
“NOW LUCIAN!” and with an almighty scream the church shook as did many places when Holly became angry, the glass in the windows shattered and the crows came flying in surrounding her.
Lucian could see Holly’s anger and with only a small amount of her power being used through her rage, both the priest and Lucian could see how powerful she was.
“Holly enough, we will leave…..” Lucian’s voice echoed through the church.
Holly calmed and vanished from the church, Lucian sensed her and managed to follow suit. They ended up in Holly’s old apartment where she had lived when she was a child with Max.
“You fucked her didn’t you?” Holly spat at Max, “Right here, right there” she pointed.
Lucian knew who she was referring to “Yes, I did, Belladonna was rewarded with me fucking her, I have fucked many girls Holly to try and satisfy my needs whilst I waited for you.”
Holly looked at him in disgust “You fucked her in-front of my father, and for what?” she demanded.
“For a reward after she gained control of your father.” Lucian replied.
“You let that demon whore fuck you and my father as a reward for control, you son of a bitch!” and Holly threw fire from her hands to him. It smacked Lucian in the face sending him flying across the room.
“I had to let her fuck your father, I had to make sure your destiny was fulfilled WITH ME” Lucian shouted back at he pulled himself to his feet.
“You’re telling me you ruined my father for me?” Holly snapped back.
“Yes, everything I did I did for you, and us, he wasn’t your father anyway” he blurted out.
“I. Beg. Your. Fucking. Pardon?” Holly turned and looked Lucian in the eye. 
“You remember Dr Matthews?” Lucian asked her.
Holly had a flashback in that moment of Dr Matthews, how he was always there, how she could sense him when he wasn’t around, how he was the only one she would go near as a child.
Lucian looked at Holly “He was your father technically!”
Holly was stunned. The man she had loved and mourned over was not her father. She felt the tie to him in her heart had suddenly been broken. 
Holly lashed at Lucian sending him through the window of the apartment and down onto the streets of New York whilst then setting the apartment on fire before fleeing. Holly returned to Lucian’s apartment where the shadows were hovering, feeling angry she ordered them to leave. Cowering at her commands, the shadows fled just as Lucian barged through the door.
“Well my dear, I believe you are more powerful than you realise…” Lucian sniggered, his clothes a mess and the body he was using covered in blood and bruises where it had smacked onto the concrete sidewalk.
“You fucked that demon whore in-front of me, and now you’re here with me” Holly angrily stated at him.
“Holly, I fucked many girls as I said but none compare to you, you are what I want, what I have been waiting for…” He grabbed her and turned her to face him, “It’s you I love, and it’s you that I need….” He sexually rubbed her vagina and pressed his lips against hers.
“I only want you, I never wanted them, but I had urges, urges that were never fully satisfied” he breathlessly whispered dirty to her.
Holly was becoming taken by him, she was breathless too as he turned her on more and more. 
She wanted him now! Because Lucian’s human body was battered and bruised from being chucked out of the window, Lucian changed into his real form. 
Holly pushed him against the wall forcefully as she bit him on the neck; he grabbed her hair and pulled it back as he then bit her neck back. Their bodies were rubbing against each other. 
They became quite rough, biting and scramming each other as they engaged in angry make-up sex. Lucian lifted Holly up so her legs were wrapped around his waist. 
With one hard thrust he was inside her pounding her so hard that their evil roars came out instead of soft subtle moans like before. Holly’s eyes burned with fire which spurred Lucian on to go so much harder than he had ever been before. 
This sex was pure evil and intense. Holly cum hard around his beastly dick as Lucian came so hard inside Holly she felt it go into her.
Lucian held Holly in that position as he kissed her roughly and she kissed him. They looked at each other deeply.
 Their love was strong. But was it strong enough to conquer all?















CHAPTER 13

The day of Holly’s eighteenth birthday finally arrived and Lucian had possessed a new male human due to Holly destroying the other when she pushed him out of the window and he needed a human appearance to wander the streets with. 
Preparations were being made for a lavish birthday ceremony to celebrate the queen turning eighteen. She would be crowned the official queen the following day but for now Lucian wanted to celebrate her special birthday.
The apartment was transformed into a beautiful and sophisticated venue with backdrops, ceiling drops, candles, fancy food and expensive champagne.
 The apartment didn’t look like Lucian’s normal apartment. Although his penthouse was grand this made it look even better. 
Holly was being pampered by Lucian’s loyal followers who would also serve her when she was crowned queen. 
They lavished her with expensive gifts chosen by Lucian and she was being beautified ready for the party.
Holly was having her hair done and was looking at herself in the mirror. She noticed a change in her appearance. 
Her eyes were pure black but in the middle were what appeared to be a red dot, the yellow circle had disappeared. 
Her hair was extremely thick, long, wavy and luxurious, her skin was slightly tanned, her boobs were plastic surgery perfect and her body was perfectly toned, even more so than before. 
Holly had become the perfect woman. She had become woman that both men and women would desire to be or to have at their sides.
She looked around at the people arranging the apartment for the party and the people fussing over her. Everything around her seemed to slow down as she observed them, she wanted Lucian, she felt connected to him in some way but as she looked she still felt like something in her life was missing. 
Maybe it’s because she had found out the truth and felt lost that her whole life had been a lie? She wasn’t sure what it was. Holly carried on with them fussing over her and finally she was ready.
She went into the bedroom to slip on the elegant gown she had chosen with Lucian, again it was of dark colour, black, long and made of silk that was figure hugging and made her perfect.
She was looking in the mirror at herself when she felt a cold shiver run down her spine. 
This was unusual as Lucian’s apartment was always of a medium heat and the cold was never ever felt there. She looked at her reflection and there behind her through the mirror she saw Oliva.
 Still the same image as Holly had seen her before in her old house. The ghostly appearance of Olivia was then suddenly stood right behind Holly looking at her reflection. 
Holly didn’t want to turn around; she just stared at the ghostly appearance through the mirror image. Olivia’s ghostly apparition gave Holly a smile and with a knock on the bedroom door she disappeared.
“My lady, the guests are arriving” a butler advised.
Holly nodded politely and the butler left. Holly was confused, she had seen her mother again but this time she seemed warm, was she just saying Happy Birthday? Holly didn’t know, she decided to put it to the back of her mind and go and enjoy the party.
The people at the party were no-one she had ever seen before, except maybe a few she had seen working in Lucian’s office, but then again no-one she knew would be there as she technically had no friends to invite herself anyway. 
Mingling through the crowds Holly was being fussed over by everyone who complimented her on turning eighteen and being incredibly beautiful. 
Holly noticed that the guests were not guests you would normally invite to a party, they were either human followers of Lucian that had power and wealth in this realm, a normal human with no magical power just power in their business and were completely devoted to Lucian, or they were demons from the place that would become her home realm, Hell.
Lucian watched from a distance as he too was mingling and chatting with guests. He looked at Holly who seemed to revel in her new found wealth, power and status and he beamed with pride knowing she was by his side. 
After mingling round the room, Lucian and Holly joined each other on the dance floor to have her first dance on her birthday. They gazed into each other’s eyes as they lost themselves in one another and the music. 
When the dance was over, guests cheered and clapped as they embraced in a kiss. Between them they felt something in the room that was not pleasant, like a traitor or a non-follower, that smell was very prominent and Lucian could always sense someone who was not true to him, to his surprise, so could Holly.
They continued throughout the evening with the party feeling this vibe of something that was not quite right, this disgusting smell of a traitor. 
Lucian and Holly could feel the devotion in the room but something or someone was throwing it off. Towards the end of the party guests were leaving and grand reception room began to empty. 
Holly felt nervous as she turned and saw one of the butlers who was staring at her. He had a crucifix around his neck which made her lose her temper and she ripped it from his neck without touching him, just using her mind.
The butler realised he had been seen pulled out another cross from behind that he had tucked away in his back pocket and held it up high with a bottle of water.
 The other demons and guests moved and surrounded Lucian and Holly in a sort of semi-circle to protect them and show their loyalty. However they had an enormous amount of power they didn’t really need protecting.
“STAY BACK ALL OF YOU” the butler shouted.
“Who. Are. You?” Holly demanded with her voice deep and angry behind her protecting followers.
The butler looked nervous and terrified, sweat dripped from his forehead and his hands were shaking, “I have been sent here by our church in the name of God to stop you….” He told them with his voice shaky with nerves and fear.
Holly moved forward and pushed through the people surrounding her, Lucian tried to follow but she forced him to stay back.
“Who do you think you are coming here trying to stop us? What power do you possess?” she hissed at him.
His voice trembled with fear as he spoke, “I possess no power….I am simple human sent by God to make sure your ceremony does not proceed, it is a quest given to me by my church.”
Holly laughed evilly, “You’re telling me they sent you, a scrawny little butler boy to try and destroy me? Well I’ll tell you something….” 
Holly moved closer to him to grab the cross, as she did, flashes took over her mind of a life she didn’t know; it was her in the heavens with God by his side being a loving daughter. The cross burned her and she screamed in pain and dropped to the floor.
Lucian became angry “I’M GOING TO KILL YOU” he shouted as he turned into his true form, his wings and horns grew and the apartment filled with fire. 
The guests, as loyal as they may be, were terrified of Lucian’s wrath and true form and moved out of the way to the other side of the room. The butler held up the cross to protect himself but Lucian was too powerful and grabbed it lifting the butler into the air.
“I can withstand the pain of a puny cross boy, it’ll take a lot more than this to bring me down and now I’ll destroy you….” And with those words Lucian stripped the butler of his skin showing only the muscle underneath and set his body on fire.
 It was incredibly violent and an extremely horrible way to die. The butler’s dusty ashes from his burnt bones fell to a pile on the floor. Lucian bent down and picked up Holly in his arms.
He turned to his guests “leave all of you now….” He demanded and with fear running through them they fled the apartment quickly.
Lucian placed Holly on the sofa and started stroking her head as she started to come around. 
“What happened?” her voice sounding croaky.
“You’re not strong enough to go grabbing crosses until the ritual has been performed tomorrow and we are properly united, what the hell were you thinking?” Lucian was upset and concerned.
“I don’t know, it was as if something came over me….” Holly paused, she realised the evil within her had completely consumed her and she was ready to destroy someone else without a second thought as she had done so many lives before.
“I saw….” She paused and looked at Lucian’s face which was very intrigued by what she was about to say.
“You saw what?” he seemed worried.
Holly thought for a second as she saw the intense look on Lucian’s face, “nothing, I saw anger and went for him that’s all” she lied.
“Lucian, explain something to me, if he was sent by the church to act on behalf of God, have they always known about me or only found out now” she questioned remembering the butlers words.
Lucian moved the hair from her face “They have always known of legendary prophecy but they dismissed it as they did not believe that God had conceived a female child in the heavens, they are so blinding by their own bullshit…”
Holly looked slightly confused…. “What? “Wait a minute; they believed the legend was a lie? Then why send someone now? What’s changed?”
Lucian looked at her, he knew that she would keep questioning him “Well yes, have you never read the bible, the bible tells of God’s son Jesus, the bible tells no other stories of another child, you, you were simply a myth, a story that was told through the centuries and those muppets in their precious church dismissed it because they refused to believe that God had another child, as if angels don't have sex, all of us who have lived beside him knew the truth, and the reason they have come for you now is because they have witnessed it to be true, when the heavens shook and some silly god woman revealed you to them, now they know you are real and they will try and destroy you and us before the ritual can be completed which will be sooner than they think…”
“Lucian….” Holly was even more confused “a woman told them about me and they believe that yet they didn’t believe a legend they once heard about? This is all a pile of bullshit if you ask me, something else must have triggered them and if I am the daughter of god shouldn’t they show some fucking respect….assholes”
Lucian laughed “My love, they will not show respect to you as you have chosen my side, not his and my dear, you are or were the daughter of God and you need to believe that…”
“Were? Lucian….” Holly repeated and questioned his words.
“Well you weren’t exactly born there this time, your soul is that of Ada but your body came from here, not there…. Look Holly, the ceremony is tomorrow and the church will feel its power, until then, don’t go grabbing bloody crosses and stay out of their way as they will try and destroy you, as much as you can defend yourself I don’t want to take any risks…” he ordered at her.
Holly smiled, she could see he was very protective of her; she then grabbed Lucian and pulled him down to kiss her. 
He ripped off her dress and took her on the sofa roughly. She felt every inch of him inside her; it pleasured her so much she released early. 
Lucian felt her cum all over him and with that he let go and cum deep inside her. He took her to bed and they rested for the remainder of the night.
The next morning, the sun shone through the window waking Holly first. She went to the window and looked out over the city of New York. She noticed the sun’s strange colour; it was a shade of light red, not the normal colour you would expect to see the sun, ‘this is how the church would know the ceremony was taking place’ she thought as she stared at its unusual colour although she didn’t know why it appeared that way.
Lucian awoke from his sleep to see Holly staring out of the window.
“What you looking at over there?” he prompted as he watched her staring.
“The sun, it looks….strange” she replied making a gesture to call him over.
Lucian got up to look at the sun. He knew this was to show the evil that was upon the world today as the ritual was to be performed. 
He explained to Holly that the sun was to shine a colour of red when the king and queen of hell were to be united as it reflected their home and the terror that would overcome the heavens.
 They got dressed and headed to their church. That day, no crows were flying above but quietly sat on the ledges around the building. 
The fiery gates burned more fiercely than usual and the sky above them had turned black with the red sun shining through.
 Entering the church Holly was led into a separate room to be prepared for the ritual.
Lucian was taken by the priest to be dressed in the appropriate robes. 
The women helping Holly get ready were clearly demons, they were not beautiful, their skin was red where they had lived in hell for so long and seemed to have been burnt, and they had what appeared to be pig noses and green eyes.
 Not attractive and quite minging if you must say.
They brought out the dress that Holly had retrieved when she went she went into the darkness after visiting her old house, the dress the shadows collected from that store so long ago.
 It was on a manikin waiting to be worn with a beautiful red and black cape hanging on the back of it.
 Holly was transformed again into a beautiful queen. 
She was led then into another room where she would then be walked down the aisle to Lucian.























CHAPTER 14

The doors opened and weird organ music began playing, it was like music of death, dark and disturbing.
The grossly looking demon women walked down before Holly, when they reached the priest the priest nodded and signalled at Holly who then began to walk towards Lucian. 
For this he was in his true form but Holly strangely found him very attractive as his real self and not the human he chose to possess and she felt in love with this evil man more than she had ever felt love before.
 It was strange to feel this way being that she had not been in a normal relationship with him to fall in love; it was as if she was always meant to love him. 
She reached the end of the alter and stood by Lucian’s side smiling as they held hands to face the priest, the priest started speaking in Latin, which Holly understood every word of. 
His Latin words were:
“Hodie nobis et nostris Reginae amores coniunctis vinculum fortis ....”
Holly listened to every word. The priest was speaking about how the king and queen were now united, about their love, their bond and their power.
They then drank from a sacred cup which was filled with a potion to help Holly get pregnant, which she was completely unaware of.
The followers who were observing the ritual were chanting behind them and at the end of the ceremony they shared a kiss.
 The kiss made fire appear through the church, the ground shook and the crows swarmed the building. 
Their evil bond was now complete and they were now more powerful than ever before, but Lucian didn’t know that they were this powerful because of Holly; he assumed it was the both of them.
 Lucian took his bride to his realm to a special suite next to his chambers which had statues all-around of women appearing to be embracing and encouraging sexual activity.
 Lucian took off Holly’s dress and kissed down her body as she lied there feeling the pleasure.
He kissed across hip to hip, biting a little bit. Holly was moaning. He moved down and wiggled his tongue around her clitoris and then deep in her vagina. 
His tongue was long and pointy at the end but this didn’t affect Holly in any way except give her immense pleasure.
 She cum all over his tongue then sat up and pulled him on top of her. 
Holly’s wings came out and her horns grew from her forehead, they were now both in their true forms as he fucked her, Holly’s form differed from Lucian’s though as she did have her own human body. He pushed in and out and went so deep Holly felt like she could feel his enormous erection reaching her stomach. 
They moaned and roared together as Holly flipped him over and rode his dick vigorously. He grabbed her hips as she moved back and forth and Lucian enjoyed the intense pleasure she was now giving him. He sat up to meet her face and kissed her.
 He then lifted her up and bent her over fucking her hard and deep from behind. Holly grabbed the bed posts as he pushed so hard her body was shoved forward. Finally he cum deep inside her in a way she had never felt him release before.
Lucian pulled her up and turned her to face his as he kissed her passionately “my bride, my love, my eternal” he whispered as he kissed her.
Holly lied there in Lucian’s arms, she felt content and happy but something still felt missing to her. She didn’t share this with Lucian, she really did love him and she didn’t want to upset him. 
She was now officially the queen and she had immense power that consumed her. She was pure evil but still part of her heart was beating like a mortal. She didn’t understand how this could be when she had accepted who she really was meant to be.
The next day Holly woke in what was now her home realm, hell. There was a smell of ash and a small window in the room looked out onto what was the like the main entrance, like a huge massive hall-way where thousands of doomed souls were entering and being separated into categories.
 Behind her was a wardrobe filled with beautiful long silk dresses and on the side of the bed was a long wall the which held a shoe rack that contained so many pairs of shoes she couldn’t count them.
Lucian was nowhere to be seen in the room so Holly got dressed, she noticed now she didn’t need to be beautified or put on make-up, her skin was flawless and she naturally looked so beautiful with what appeared to be permanent make-up. Holly headed out and followed the burning corridor to the big hall with the main entrance. 
There sat on his thrown was Lucian full of pride and his demon workers sat next to him. They clearly appeared to be doing work and choosing which souls went into which category. 
Holly walked over to him and he smiled as he noticed her appear, all of the demons and shadowed bowed to show respect to their queen. 
“I woke and you had gone, what’s going on out here?” Holly asked him seemingly interested. 
“Firstly my queen you look beautiful and well I had to do some work, a lot of things have been put on hold since we have been watching you and a little order is needed down here” he replied still smiling.
“Ok, but what is it you are doing, why are you separating these people, wait…who are these people?” she looked around at them.
Lucian laughed “Why my dear, they are dead people, well the souls of the dead anyway, they have come here as the wonderful God believes they are not good enough to go to him, we put them in categories, the naughtiest ones I have work for me, the useless souls go to the soul room and well the ones who I think deserve punishment go to the darkness where they are punished for eternity.”
“The soul room?” Holly looked puzzled.
“Yes, a room where I collect souls would you like to see?” he asked her.
“Yes…” she replied, her voice a little dry.
Lucian led Holly down a dark corridor, it was black with only slight candlelight to light the way, and at the end of the corridor was a red door. Lucian led Holly inside, the room was filled with rows and rows of shelves that seemed to go so far back there was no end in sight. 
The shelves went so high they seemed to reach beyond what they could see. On each shelf was a glowing blue ball. 
“What are these?” Holly asked as she lifted one away from the shelf.
“They are the souls of the people I have placed here,” Lucian replied.
“You keep them here?” Holly still seemed confused.
“Well yes, I have no use for them out there, they done some bad things which brought them to me but not enough for the darkness so I just add them to my collection, when the time is needed they will be used.” He answered.
“When the time is needed for what?” she looked at Lucian.
“For war, they will become my army….” He replied to her.
Holly thought to herself ‘what war?’ her mind was asking a million questions.
“What about the souls that don’t come here?” she asked as she looked at the blue glowing ball in her hand.
“What do you mean?” Lucian looked at her confused? “They go to him!” he replied.
“No, not the good ones, the ones who are damned already, the lost ones….” She continued.
“You mean the ones who go to limbo?” Lucian asked her.
“Yes, what about them?” she replied.
“Well, they go there and either be forgiven or repent so that they can go to that thing up there or they if they don’t, if their souls re left in limbo, then they are damned forever.” Lucian told her.
“What? Damned here? Or damned elsewhere?” Holly tried to make sense of all of this.
“Damned elsewhere in a dark place that you wouldn’t like to think about?” Lucian told her.
“Can you get souls from there?” she pushed.
“What you mean, go and take them?” he asked her.
“Yeah, like if they had done bad things but felt they couldn’t be forgiven, could you, I mean we claim them?” she stared at the blue glowing ball not making eye contact.
“Ummm, no they stay there, why you ask?” he wondered as he lied.
“No reason, just trying to understand what it is we do….” She lied also.
“Oh, well your job as queen is to assist me and be by my side…” he put his arm around her and pulled her away putting the soul back on the shelf, “not to worry though, leave the hard stuff to me my beautiful.”
He kissed her softly as they left the room and he closed the door behind them.
 Holly smiled and left Lucian to carry on with his busy schedule, she was meant to be sat beside him but she didn’t want to, in the blink of a flash Holly was back in Lucian’s apartment.
 The air felt chilly and it was dark, it must have been night time, Holly hadn’t realised how much time she had actually been down there. Holly changed her clothes, retracted her horns and her wings and headed out into the city of New York.
The entire weirdo’s seemed to come out in the dark, but they didn’t frighten her, she had the power to kill at will. 
She walked around until she became bored. She sat in the park and closed her eyes thinking of home and before she could open her eyes she was outside her childhood house again in Boston.
“I really need to be more careful with what I think” Holly said to herself as she looked up at her old house.
She entered the house, still empty and dark, and walked around as she had done before; she didn’t see Olivia in the bedroom and couldn’t see her anywhere as she walked around.
 She went to the kitchen and stood by where she sat on the morning they went out to the zoo before Olivia was killed. She remembered sensing Dr Matthews at the window and letting out a scream. 
Memories seemed to flood back to her in bits and pieces. She was still struggling inside knowing that this man was her father, and even though Max had once filled in some gaps, there were still things she didn’t know, like who killed her mother? Who killed her grandparents? Why had she lived with Mr Peters and why did she suffer his abuse?
She didn’t know if she would ever get these answers but feeling all of this made her cold and withdrawn.
 She felt like she didn’t have a heart that cared anymore. Holly started feel a little queasy at this point, she felt the room spin slightly and her stomach was churning. 
She needed to be by Lucian so as she did she thought of him and appeared right beside him as he was still sitting on his throne.
“Holly!” he jumped suddenly as she appeared. 
“Lucian I….” she paused as she tried to keep standing.
“Holly? Are you ok?” Lucian noticed how she appeared to look unwell. 
Holly fainted in his arms and with a flash he grabbed her and transported them to their special suite.
 He laid her on the bed carefully; he didn’t understand what had come over her, how or why she had passed out?
 Lucian called for his priest immediately who looked over Holly and told Lucian the good news, Holly was pregnant!


























CHAPTER 15

Holly had been sleeping in a deep slumber for almost a week. She had not moved from the suite Lucian had placed her in and was being carefully watched by the servants and shadows. 
Holly started to slowly open her eyes, feeling confused and dazed she looked around to see the amount of people fussing around her. 
“What happened?” she asked her voice all croaky.
One of the shadows rushed to her aid “my queen be careful” it pleaded.
Holly shoved them off “what do you mean be careful get off me!” the shadows cowered to her demands as Lucian entered.
“Oh my love you are awake….” He smiled as he kissed her.
“Lucian….what happened and how am I in these clothes?” she demanded from him as she looked down seeing her clothes had been changed.
“You passed out, you’ve been in here for a week, and we had to change your clothes, we couldn’t leave you unchanged for a week…..” he answered her.
“A WEEK?” she shouted, “a bloody week, what the fuck Lucian…” she started panicking.
“Calm down my love….” He held her, “the most wonderful thing has happened….”
“What?” Holly was all over the place with her emotions.
“You are pregnant we conceived after our ritual” he told her with a big smile.
Holly looked back at him; she didn’t seem as pleased as Lucian, she looked even more confused.
“Lucian that’s impossible, it takes weeks to find out if you’re pregnant, you cannot possibly tell that I am in bloody twenty four hours….” Her voice high pitched.
Lucian laughed as if to mock the fact she didn’t understand “oh Holly, it’s not like that for us, the pregnancy can be told within a few hours but we fell asleep after we had sex and then it has been so busy here I forgot to check, we don’t work like humans,” his face still amused.
Holly got up off the bed and went to the mirror. There she saw her reflection and a baby bump. She had been out for just under seven days and already she showed signs of a baby bump.
“That’s impossible, a part of me us human isn't it?” she started feeling her tummy and turned to Lucian “how far gone can I be?”
“What do you mean?” Lucian looked at her.
“In human terms Lucian, if I was human, how far along would this pregnancy be you idiot” Holly sounded furious.
“Oh well you would be at 18 weeks gestation but in our world Holly you are exactly six days” he relied.
“And how long will this last?” Holly stared at her growing belly.
“About 2-3 weeks” Lucian replied.
“In total?” Holly looked stunned.
“Yes” Lucian still smiling. 
Holly flew into rage, “I have been fucking unconscious for almost a week and now you tell me that technically I’m passed the first fucking stages of pregnancy and in about two weeks I’m going to have some fucking demon baby pop out of me that has grown in three fucking weeks? What the fuck Lucian, look at me? I have a baby bump….a fucking baby bump….”
Lucian moved closer to Holly as her hormones were raging through her. He wrapped in arms around her and she felt comfort and ease and placed his demon hands on her bump. 
She was going to have a baby whether she wanted to or not and she could see how happy this made Lucian.
 She didn’t want to upset him so she put on a happy face as he calmed her, got dressed and joined him in the main entrance at his and hers throne.
 Demons and shadows gathered all around as did the souls that had been sent there. Lucian stood and pulled Holly by his side and addressed all those around him.
“My loyal followers, I have summoned you to this gathering today to announce that the queen has conceived an heir and soon our son will be brought here to live as the most evil and dominating family in all the realms, together we will destroy the heavens and conquer the earth and all you will be rewarded in the great battle….” He roared.
His followers cheered him on. Holly looked at Lucian, how did he know it was a boy? Too much had happened whilst she was sleeping that her brain was playing catch up.
“Lucian, how do you know it is a boy?” she whispered to him as the cheering surrounded them.
“Destiny….” He replied quickly.
Destiny? He guessed based on destiny? This was all too much for Holly and she left the cheering crowds to go for a walk. She ended up by Lucian’s chambers, she had not ventured in here as of yet, she went to open to the door to take a look at her husband’s chambers but she was quickly stopped by Lucian’s right hand demon, Armand.
“No my lady….” He grabbed her arm to stop her opening the door.
“What? It’s Lucian’s chambers Armand I think I’m allowed in there…” her tone sarcastic “after-all I am his PREGNANT wife….” She hissed at him.
But he still refused “I’m sorry my queen I cannot let you enter here.”
“Who do you think you are telling me where I can and cannot go?” anger started to build within her.
“I’m so sorry my queen I cannot allow you” now he seemed frightened.
“I don’t care what you think I cannot do, open the damn door, what’s in there that you’re clearly hiding” she demanded getting angrier at him.
“Nothing my queen, I just cannot let you enter” he tried to sound convincing but his voice trembled with fear.
“I can see that you are lying, now move….or I will make you move” she hissed.
He still didn’t move…he was the right hand man of Lucian; he was quite a powerful demon, in his arrogance he believed, although she scared him, that he could fight her off.
“MOVE!” Holly demanded and with a wave of her arm she sent Armand flying down the fiery corridor and opened the door before he could return.
She powerfully closed the door and as Armand came charging at the door he was not able to force it open, Holly was more powerful than he realised. She looked around the room, it had a huge bed right in the middle, it was similar to the suite except no statues and as she turned she saw someone chained to the wall. He was very skinny and his skin seemed burnt red, she wasn’t sure if it was one of those grizzly demons as they seemed to have red skin or just a person, however those who spent a lot of time down here seemed to have red skin, except for Lucian, he would be either a red colour or a greyish colour, depending on his mood.
She walked over and realised that it was a man that had been changed up. His head was hanging low and facing the floor so she couldn’t see him and his body was bony and small. She knew that he was there as some sort of punishment by Lucian and she wanted to know who we was and why he was there, was he the reason Armand had stopped her from trying to enter the room? She stood away from him a bit weary of who he was.
“Hello?” she spoke gently to see if he would reply.
There was slight movement but the man didn’t speak. He kept his head down and ignored her.
“Not allowed to speak huh….” She continued trying to prompt him for some answers.
“You not going to talk to me?” she said softly.
Again the man said nothing to her, just shuffled in his shackles.
“Bit rude if I do say so Mr…..” and she began to leave the room.
“You did this to me you evil bitch” a weak and low voice spoke behind her.
Holly turned around “Excuse me?” she replied sounding not impressed.
The man looked up and straight at Holly, to her horror, it was Ben. Her heart sunk and a lump formed in her throat.
“Ben….” Her voice low and whispery.
“I’m here because of you, you evil manipulative bitch….” He cursed at her.
“Ben I swear I didn’t know, I tried to find you I swear I did….” She pleaded back to him as she went over and kneeled in-front of him.
But Ben wasn’t interested in what she had to say. He was cold with her, he had grown to hate her since he had been there being tortured and believed her words were lies after he saw the ring on her finger and the obvious baby bump. 
At that moment Lucian barged in with Armand behind him. He saw the tears in Holly’s eyes as she turned to look at him in disgust.
“You! You have kept him here all this time, for fuck sake Lucian look at the poor man” she spat angrily and tearfully at him.
And then an argument then broke out between Lucian and Holly.
“YOU GAVE YOURSELF TO HIM WHEN YOU WERE MEANT FOR ME!” he shouted.
“I DIDN’T know I was meant for you DID I you stupid prick! So you took him? For what reason? To punish him for something neither he nor I knew anything about?” she argued back.
“Yes, because you were born to love me you stupid bitch and you almost ruined everything” his voice more serious.
Holly was angry, she shot a flame of fire at Lucian again sending him flying across the room, she threw Armand out of the room and the door closed behind him, he was not able to get back in. 
Lucian got up and looked at Holly, rage filled his face, but he couldn’t hurt her, he loved her too much. 
The fight continued as they shouted at each-other and Holly threw fire at Lucian. He had enough and ended up behind her as he grabbed her arms and pinned them by her side. He turned her to look at Ben.
“Now you must make a choice Holly, do you want me? Or do you want him” he demanded.
Tears ran down Holly’s face “I want you Lucian so let him go” she begged.
“NEVER! You must destroy him Holly” and with his words Lucian handed her a knife.
“I can’t do this to him Lucian, I can’t, it wasn’t his fault, and he doesn’t deserve this he’s a good person” she pleaded with Lucian but he refused to listen.
“Say what you want you evil bitch but it makes no difference, you are cold and dead inside and if I had the choice I’d kill you first, look at you, you evil whore pregnant with a demon spawn and married to all evil, you disgust me....you were nothing to me, just a useless bitch I once fucked” Ben angrily said to Holly.
“Ben please you don’t mean that” she went and knelt before him.
Ben fuelled her rage and pain and spoke so many hateful words. Holly pleaded with him to stop but he was cruel and heartless they argued as Ben plucked up energy to shout at her, in a split second full of rage Holly stabbed Ben in the gut. 
He looked into her eyes as he bled out in front of her; his eyes were filled with sadness and relief.
 She stared at him crying as she realised what she had done in a moment of anger to an innocent man. 
She never really wanted to hurt Ben, she wanted to let him go free to live his life but his words were so spiteful and after the huge fight she had just had with Lucian the air was cold and tensions were high, she simply lost control.
Lucian was stood observing Holly as he had a cunning smile on her face, the prophecy that had been written in the book had now been fulfilled, she had killed the one she had originally gave herself to and now Lucian's and Holly's bond would be stronger than ever. But Holly was sat there on the floor shedding tears for Ben.
“How could I do this to him, he meant no harm” she sobbed.
Lucian put his hand on her shoulder “You did the right thing, you severed your ties with any connection you had from your mortal life….”
“HOW DARE YOU!” she pushed his hand off her and left the room. 
She left that realm completely and was back in Boston in her childhood home. 
She needed to be alone and to come to terms with what she had just done. She knew that Ben was a good person and in the time she had with him she could see how much she meant to him.
 His words were hurtful and spiteful but he had been changed to a wall for long being tortured he had clearly lost himself. 
Holly sobbed and sobbed in the house by herself. Night turned to day and day turned into night as Holly cried and cried.
She didn’t understand how she could be so evil and yet feel all this emotion for one human being she thought she had forgotten about. 
Everyone she had ever come into contact with and loved was now dead, she thought Ben was dead long ago but now he definitely was and it was by her hand. 
She started to truly believe she was the most evil that evil could be, her heart lost all mortal feeling. 
She dried her tears and composed herself. As she stood she heard her name being whispered from upstairs. 
The house was dark and no-one had come in or gone out in the time she had been sat in there.
 She slowly walked upstairs as she could hear someone whispering out her name loud enough for her to hear. 
 As she approached the top of the landing, she saw a figure, it was her mother. 
“Holly….” Oliva’s ghostly apparition whispered “you’re not what you seem, you’re better than this…”
But Holly had let go of her ability to care or even worry about what her dead mother was saying to her.
 She dismissed the words and disappeared from the house. Upon leaving the house she set it aflame so that neither she nor anyone else could ever return to that house ever again. 
She let go of who she used to be and decided to join Lucian by his side and prepare for the battle that would commence for control over earth and the heavens, she was now a heartless evil bitch.


















CHAPTER 16

Holly had been missing from Lucian for a few days and he was very agitated and worried at her whereabouts, she was pregnant, emotional and full of rage the last he saw of her. 
The shadows had been out searching for her but they were not able to find her, Holly was now able to cloak herself and hide from all of them which made it very difficult for Lucian to trace her.
Eventually Holly came back; she looked darker, eviller, and more sinister than she was when she left. 
She walked right up to Lucian who sat on his thrown with his followers and slaves next to him. 
She grabbed him by the hair pushed his head back and kissed him forcefully. Lucian was taken by surprise.
“Wow, what was that for?” he asked her as he enjoyed her kisses.
Holly’s voice seemed different; she had definitely embraced her role as queen of hell “Mmm you taste good” her dirty sexy voice whispered back at him.
She rubbed her belly which showed her non-stop growing baby bump.
 Lucian placed his hand on hers and rubbed it with her as everyone watched them finally embrace the pregnancy together, he noticed her bump had since become larger since the last time he saw her.
She looked at him seductive and dirty, “I want you to fuck me Lucian….”
Lucian smiled “Ok let’s go….” But before he could move she stopped him.
“No, no my king, I want you to fuck me right here” she requested.
Lucian looked around. The room was full of followers, slaves, demons and souls entering into hell to be categorised. 
“Holly, it’s a bit full in here don’t you think?” he tried to dissuade her.
“Mmm that’s what I like, fuck me here Lucian, and show these peasant minions what true evil can do and if they don’t like it, well….” She giggled “I’ll kill them all and damn their souls.”
Lucian was surprised by how much evil Holly had actually embraced, how cold she had become.
 Had she become more evil than he was? He wasn’t sure but he liked her extreme dark side. Maybe it was her pregnancy hormones? 
But he didn’t care. He stood up as Holly looked into his eyes seductively. 
He moved behind her, his shadows, followers and slaves moved back wondering what the fuck he was doing. 
They couldn’t believe the sexual tension they were witnessing; they looked at each other as if to say a ‘is he really going to do this?'
Lucian bent her over and ripped off her dress for all to see; he then roughly forced his hard erection inside her and fucked her in-front of everyone.
 Some of them looked on with discomfort whilst others looked on enjoying what they were seeing.
 He fucked her so hard that everyone could feel the pleasure that Holly was feeling. 
Her screams and moans were so loud that they could feel the pleasurable vibes running through them. It made them just as horny. Demons, slaves and followers engaged in a massive orgy right there in hells entrance, they all began fucking each-other as Lucian fucked Holly on his throne as if Holly had hypnotised them.
“MORE, MORE GIVE ME MORE” she moaned as Lucian thrusted in and out of her roughly.
He pushed hard “YES TAKE EVERYTHING I HAVE YOU FILTHY BITCH!” Lucian’s course words roared throughout the place.
As he thrusted and was getting ready to cum, everyone in the room felt the need to release their own tension. 
With one final thrust Lucian came hard inside of Holly, as did the demons; slaves and followers in the crowd released themselves into whoever they were fucking.
 Holly looked amused, corrupt and she had a wicked smile on her face. She stood to face the crowd who looked at each other confused as they had been caught in the trance that had been projected onto them. She spoke to them all.
“My….well…whatever the hell you all are…. You are witnessing the power and mighty strength of your new queen, I am a fucking bitch and if any of you try to cross me I will make you souls perish, you will not be sent to the blackness but instead to a place of my choosing which will imply a much more serious world of torture and pain. Witness the strength between the king and I….does anyone here question me?” her voice serious and forceful.
They all cowered and bowed before her. Lucian was impressed. His love had finally come through for him and was pure evil inside. 
He stood by her side and witnessed the power and control she had, he didn’t know what had changed her mind but he loved every minute of this. 
He kissed her deeply as all those still bowed and cowered before her. Her kisses became intense that Lucian lost control and lifted her up, her legs wrapped round his waist and he again fucked her there by his thrown in-front of onlookers. 
The pleasure was so intense he cum so hard that heaven and hell shook as they entwined in one another.
The priest saw everything as he had returned to check on Holly and her pregnancy. 
Holly left Lucian at his throne as everyone started to carry on with their tasks and Lucian had to carry on with work, both from her and his offices in New York. 
She sat in the chambers looking at a dead Ben handing on the wall with all his insides on the outside.
 She didn’t leave him that way; scroungers had been eating away at his flesh whilst she had been gone. She sighed happily as the priest walked in the room.
“My queen you seem a lot happier than before” he stated noticing her expression.
“Oh my dear priest, things are perfect” she giggled naughtily looking consumed with evil.
The priest went over to check on her and noticed her bump was extremely larger than normal. 
Yes Holly’s pregnancy was not the usual one and she was now heading into week two where she would probably give birth the following week, but it was still bigger than he expected.
“That’s going to be a big boy….” He stated as he felt her bump.
Holly rubbed her bump “He’s my boy” she smiled with pride.
The priest checked her over and she seemed to be coping with the pregnancy well. He offered her a drink of some yellow liquid explaining it was beneficial to the baby but Holly refused. 
She didn’t need help; she was quite capable of carrying this baby herself. The priest went to see Lucian who was busy with work. Souls of people from earth were coming in larger quantities than normal. 
It was as if Holly and Lucian’s reunion had sparked an evil twist in the world which was upsetting the balance between good and evil.
“My lord…” the approached Lucian on his thrown.
“Ahh, my priest, good to see you, have you seen Holly?” Lucian asked.
“Yes my lord, all is well with the queen and the pregnancy, her bump is larger than expected however she is coping well, and you my lord? How are you coping?” he asked.
Lucian smiled “very well, Holly destroyed Ben and embraced her inner evil.”
The priest was stunned “already? I thought you were going to wait my lord until after the birth?”
“No, she got to him on accident after she went exploring down here and she proved her love by stabbing him.” Lucian’s smile went from ear to ear.
The priest was impressed and seemed like all was going to plan. 
“So she is settling in well then, and she knows everything?” the priest questioned.
“Everything?” Lucian seemed confused.
“Yes, that you killed her father, the deaths you are responsible for, what happened to her as a child and that you hold the soul for her father at this time?” The priest stated.
“No, she does not know her father’s soul is here, I told her a lie, that he is wandering in a place she didn’t want to think about and that I couldn’t take him from there and besides, she knows he is not her father, she has no ties with him anymore and it doesn’t matter what I did, she never needs to know, if she does find out I will know it was you who told her” he looked at the priest and was very intimidating.
The priest would never betray Lucian and tell Holly all of that but with her father’s soul in the soul room, she could possibly find out on her own. 
With the birth of the baby looming and motherhood the priest felt that she would be too busy and consumed with the baby and Lucian that if she did ever find out it wouldn’t matter anyway, she would be loyal and devoted to Lucian always. 
The evil pregnancy had reached its final stages and the time had passed quickly, Holly’s baby bump was now huge and she was lying on the bed when she started to feel slight contractions.
 Calling out one of the slaves who were guarding the door ran in to see what was happening. He could see that Holly was going into labour and sent someone for Lucian and the priest. Within no time they were in the room with her.
“Now Holly, I need you to listen to me…” the priest told her.
“What? No, I need a bloody doctor not a fucking priest” she let out as she screamed in pain.
The priest smiled “not to worry my queen, I know what I am doing, I am here as both your priest, your guide and your doctor, besides a doctor will not want to see this….now listen to me….”
Holly was in too much pain to argue, the baby was coming and he was coming fast. 
The priest ordered her to push and breathe and as she did, quicker than any labour had ever been, a beautiful baby boy was born, but Holly was still in pain, her stomach was still contracting.
“Ummm, the queen is not yet done my lord…” the priest stated as he handed the baby to Lucian noticing the queen’s pain and clear contractions.
Lucian looked at him frowning and confused, “What? What the fuck do you mean?”
“I mean my lord the queen has another baby to come out can’t you tell?” he informed him.
“What? Two fucking babies” Holly screamed in pain “Get it out of me” she demanded.
Holly pushed again under the guidance of her priest as Lucian looked on in shock. 
Finally Holly pushed out the other baby; it was a beautiful baby girl that Holly then cradled looking at her in awe.
“Well, that would explain the huge bump and totally unexpected my lord” the priest stated as he looked at both babies.
Lucian was a bit overwhelmed; this was not expected as they were only supposed to have one baby which was a boy.
“How did you not see this?” Lucian asked the priest.
“My lord, I am just as confused as you, I did not and was not able, for some unknown reason, to see a baby girl” the priest face was completely puzzled as this is not how it was written and sometimes the priest had visions which helped Lucian but he never had visions of a baby-girl.
They both looked at Holly who seemed besotted with her baby girl, Lucian handed her their son and watched her as she cradled them both in her arms. 
 He saw how happy she was and accepted that they now had two children instead of one.
















CHAPTER 17

A few weeks had passed since the birth of the two babies. News spread quickly and in the heavens, panics struck as they also were only expecting the birth of a son. 
The birth of the baby girl made them fear that the prophecy written by the fathers was wrong and that the danger would be even worse than they had imagined. 
Holly had taken the babies to Lucian’s penthouse apartment where she nursed and looked after them away from hell to bond and see what type of children they were like. 
Lucian appeared after being away for a few days working. They had upset the balance between good and evil significantly that hell was over-run with the souls of the bad from earth. His army was becoming larger than he had imagined.
He sat next to Holly “we still have to name them you know.”
Holly smiled “I know, funny, we have announced their birth and no-one knows what to call them” she giggled.
“What do you think we should call them?” Lucian asked her.
“Well, I think we should call our son Lucas, similar name to his daddy and the name he used to lure me….” She smiled “and I think we should our daughter Elora.”
“Elora?” Lucian looked at Holly. “Why Elora?”
She shrugs “I don’t know it just seems….right, when I look at her” she smiled as she admired her baby.
They agreed on the names and planned to make an announcement of the names at their birthing ceremony which formally introduced them and gave them their birth right. 
Little did Lucian or Holly know that Elora meant ‘God is Light’ and Elora was indeed a very special child who would have a significant impact on Holly. 
Over the course of the evening, they acted like any normal parents would with new-born’s. They cradled them and loved them as any parent would and acted like a normal family.
That night after putting them to bed, Lucian and Holly made love, although not soft, they made love in a way they felt pleasure, rough and intense, even though the babies were only a few weeks old and technically after giving birth this would not be possible yet, but being the queen of all evil Holly healed faster than a normal human. 
She lied in Lucian’s arms afterwards and began to feel complete, she thought that maybe this is what she was missing the whole time she was worried about something. 
She felt like she was complete and with her heart so black and dark she still managed to feel love for Lucian and her babies.
The next morning Holly woke to find Lucian getting ready to leave. He needed to take the babies with him to see the priest and prepare them for their ceremony. 
He told Holly he would sort it and that she should have a day to herself. 
She didn’t want to be parted from them but Lucian was insistent as she had, had no rest or time to herself since they had been born and when she thought about it, Holly actually wanted to go out and about, she was beginning to forget what New York looked like.
Walking around the city the sun shone brightly in the sky and people were going about their everyday lives however some people seemed angrier. 
She passed a few fights on her walk that seemed more than usual but she didn’t care, she was doing her own thing, a powerful queen who had just given birth to two children. 
Holly was walking around the shops when she heard some beautiful singing voices, it sounded very gospel but for some reason she was drawn to it. She followed the echoes of the singing voices until she found herself in-front of a beautiful church, the singing was coming from inside.
Holly hadn’t been near a cross since that night and she hadn’t stepped foot in a church since she was a child, but the music was beautiful, she had to see if she was powerful enough to withstand the pain, so slowly she walked up the stone steps towards the church entrance.
She got to the top and she slowly put her leg out so that her toe crossed the threshold of the church line, feeling fine she slowly stepped in until her whole body was inside. 
It didn’t hurt, she didn’t even feel a twinge of pain, she snuck in and sat down in one of the pews at the back of the church, she was listening to the gospel choir singing so beautifully. How had this captured her so? She was cold and evil? She didn’t give a shit about anything yet this pulled her in.
Suddenly a voice spoke “beautiful isn’t it?”
Holly jumped suddenly there was a man sat next to her, he appeared out of nowhere, “Yes, it’s lovely….” She responded.
“Makes you realise that no matter how evil things are, he will always forgive you….” The man stated.
“I’m sorry I don’t follow….” Holly didn’t seem impressed and her attention drifted away as she focused on the choir.
“God, he will forgive you and welcome you back with open arms, especially when you learn the real truth Holly….” And with those words he disappeared as Holly turned to look at him. 
She ran outside the church looking for this man but he was nowhere to be seen. She had already discovered the truth about who she was so why was someone now saying this, and then she thought it was one of the church butlers who were still out to destroy her so he was probably telling lies.
She left quickly as she didn’t want to get into a public fight with a mere mortal, she went to her church in the graveyard only to find it was no longer there, it was just a burnt out building that seemed to be falling down. 
Holly was confused, how can the church she had visited as a child and not so long ago with Lucian be gone? 
It was not that long ago they were both there. As her mind caught up with where she was, she noticed she was in the cemetery in Boston where her father, or so called father, and her mother were buried, because she had thought of child-hood and her mind wandered to Max, she was suddenly there and not in New York. 
She walked over to their gravestones and looked at them, she suddenly felt her heart beat through her chest; tears filled her eyes as she kneeled before the grave stones.
How could she feel this way? How could she shed a tear for this man? Something in Holly had changed again since having children; maybe she did have a heart after-all? It was quiet and she was alone, so she began speaking to the stones as if she was talking to Max directly. 
“Daddy, no….Max, shit, I don’t actually know what to call you since I found out the truth, I should feel nothing for you, I shouldn’t care yet I remember you daddy and I remember the times we shared, I have two children now and I remember how I left you, I left you to fall into nothing and I can imagine how that would feel if my babies left me, Daddy I need you, I told you I would always love you and I do, I really do, Daddy I need you to be here, I’m so sorry daddy, I’m so sorry I couldn’t save you, what do I do daddy, I feel pain, I feel love, I feel hate and I have all this evil inside of me, I like it but then how can I like that and still feel this way?” She was crying as she spoke. 
She was moving the earth above his grave between her fingers, she felt a cold breeze brush passed her, it sent shivers down her spine but as she looked up, there stood by his grave stone was Olivia. Holly ws confused, why was she not seeing Max? 
“Mum….” Holly whispered.
“Holly, you are better than this, you are not what you seem, don’t give in my darling” and with that Olivia disappeared.
Holly remembered her saying something like to her before but she had coldly dismissed them to embrace her dark side. 
She started to feel confused again whereas before the babies were born she seemed sure of everything. Holly returned to the apartment in New York where Lucian was waiting patiently for her, Holly didn’t realise she had been gone all day and it was now night time.
“Where the fuck have you been woman, I couldn’t sense you anywhere and they couldn’t find you” Lucian angrily stated as he pointed to his shadows hovering in the corner.
“They? I don’t give a fuck if they couldn’t find me Lucian, I don’t fucking need you to follow my every fucking move” Holly snapped back as she took of her coat and shoes and headed to see Elora and Lucas.
They were lying soundly in their crib, blissfully unaware of the heated tension and dark shadows flying around them.
Lucian stormed into the room “I demand to know where you were and why I could not sense you”
But Holly ignored him and went off topic “Hey Lucian, can you tell me why the church is no longer there?”
Lucian was thrown off “what? The church? It was only there for you as a child and the ritual and we have no use for it anymore, now….where the fuck was you….”
Holly turned and smiled at Lucian which only further aggravated him “Oh Lucian, I don’t have to tell you shit” and there it was, Holly’s evil side resurfacing. 
She didn’t want to tell Lucian of her church visit, the strange man who seemed to know her or the fact she had again seen her mother, god knows what he would say to all of that and she had her children to consider. 
Her children were quite beautiful, as the son of Lucian and Holly, Lucas was like his father, he had very dark hair and tiny little baby horns on his forehead, as the prophecy predicted he was the spawn of evil which already showed in him as a baby, Elora however was very different. 
She had no hair, just fair blonde sort of baby fluff on her head, she looked nothing like her brother even though technically they were twins and she had no spikey baby horns. 
Holly felt herself drawn more to Elora than Lucas although she loved them both dearly and gave them lots of love and attention. 
Lucian was extremely pissed off with Holly’s attitude and went to his offices in New York. 
It was dark outside but the lights were still on as some people remained working. Lucian felt furious with Holly, she had been gone all day and seemed to be keeping secrets from him, this he did not like, she was meant to be devoted to him therefore she should not be keeping secrets, but then again what could he fucking say about it, he was keeping many secrets from her, it was one rule for him and a different for her. 
He saw one of his workers working at her desk, she spotted Lucian but he had taken on a different human so she didn’t actually recognise him.
“Excuse me sir you can’t be up here” she told him.
“What the fuck this is my….” Lucian stopped as he remembered he was now in a different body.
“Sorry, excuse me, Lucian is my brother and I am running things whilst he is away” he thought and said quickly.
“Oh forgive me sir I didn’t know, we haven’t seen Lucian around in a long time, we wondered what was happening, can I help you with anything?” she kindly asked.
“Yes” Lucian replied “You.”
And before the woman could say anything Lucian grabbed her by the throat bent her over the desk and fucked her. He was taking his anger out on this poor woman. 
She screamed and he fucked her so hard and so violently that her vagina was bleeding and her thighs were being bruised. 
At that moment Holly burst into the office sensing Lucian’s betrayal, being well connected she could feel his sexual desire being used on someone else.
“WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING” Holly screamed as he was mid-session.
Lucian looked over to Holly but he didn’t stop, he fucked the woman as Holly watched in disgust “This is what happens when you keep secrets from me” he roared as the pleasure fucking this woman ran through him.
Holly through into rage and threw fire directly at Lucian who was knocked into a wall. The woman’s half naked body fell to the floor.
“HOLLY, WHAT THE FUCK?” Lucian shouted at her.
“HOW DARE YOU FUCKING CHEAT ON ME” she screamed back at him.
Before anything else could happen Lucian flew towards Holly, she shot him a piercing evil look which stopped him in his tracks.
“Holly for fuck sake I love you….” He told her sounding sincere.
“You love me and yet you are here fucking someone else whilst I’m looking after our fucking children….” She slapped him hard across the face.
Lucian realised what he had done, he had lived so long without her that this was the norm, he had not realised what he was doing and looking at Holly he could see the anger and hurt on her face.
“Holly….” He went to hold her hand but she pulled away.
“Don’t fucking touch me, I thought you loved me, I’m going home” and Holly left in anger and upset.
Lucian looked at the woman on the floor, he had killed her being so rough, he didn’t give a shit about her, he was only thinking of Holly and what he had done that hurt her. 
He sat in the office for a while leaving Holly alone so that she could calm down. 
Holly was in the apartment, she took her rage out on the shadows and then ordered them to find her a man, she could be just as evil inside as Lucian but she was also very hurt by his betrayal, so she was going to do exactly the same. 
The shadows returned with a man as ordered and fled the apartment. Holly looked at this man; he was hot and sexy, built and muscly. He saw Holly and was confused as to how he went from being outside a bar to a luxurious apartment with a beautiful woman.
“Where am I? Who are you?” he asked.
Holly flirted with him and was rather manipulative “why we’re at my apartment, you asked to come back here and now here we are…” she kissed him.
Taken aback by her charm, he lost himself and begun to kiss her, he couldn’t stop, he didn’t want to stop, for some reason he felt the sexual urge to take this strange beautiful woman. 
Holly slid of her panties and lifted up her dress, the man’s dick instantly hardened, Holly was so beautiful he couldn’t take his eyes off her, he pulled her close and lifted her up, this man was strong. 
Holly wrapped her legs around his waist and lowered herself onto his dick so he was inside her, the man moaned with pleasure as Holly bounced up and down.
Lucian stormed in the apartment “HOLLY!” he shouted as he could see her fucking another man.
Holly looked over to Lucian and fucked the man with a dirty smile on her face; like she loved the fact Lucian had caught her, which she knew he would. 
The man became scared but in such a deep sexual trance he couldn’t move away as Holly bounced up and down. Lucian tried to go over to them but Holly seemed stronger and kept him away.
Lucian tried to beat down Holly’s defences but he was having no luck, he was stuck in the apartment watching Holly fuck this man. 
She got off the man and bent over in-front of him, she kept her eyes locked with Lucian as she did who was looking at her with pure rage.
 The man pushed his dick deep in her ass and fucked her hard, Holly moaned with pleasure as Lucian looked on. 
Holly pushed herself back to meet the man’s thrust and eventually he cum inside her.
“COME HERE NOW” she demanded of the shadows “take him away” she ordered and they took the man away who had passed out on the floor.
Holly and Lucian were now alone looking at each other.
“Now you know what it feels like” she said to Lucian.
“Holly I didn’t meant to, you are my one and only, I cannot believe you did that” he seemed hurt.
“Well believe it, come here…..” and as she said that Lucian drifted towards her, but it wasn’t Lucian moving himself, it was Holly pulling him towards her.
She kissed Lucian, he was angry and hurt but he couldn’t resist his beautiful wife. 
“Fuck me Lucian” she dirtily whispered in his ear.
Lucian heard her instruction and with the anger and pain that fuelled inside him he forcefully bent her over the table beside them and forced his dick so hard inside her she let out a scream, but then she bit her lip and smiled.
“Yes, that’s it Lucian, show me what a fucking naughty girl I’ve been” she encouraged.
Lucian thrusted in and out and as he did Holly met his every thrust even harder, this was quick and dirty and before Lucian could thrust again he cum hard inside her.
Holly turned and looked at him, he was breathing heavily, “You will never do that to me again….” She told him and then she went to bed.
Lucian was confused, Holly was so angry in the office and now she just fucked one guy and then fucked Lucian, he also felt the force of her power and that she seemed very strong and able to keep him away. 
He went and joined Holly in bed, they were both so evil they knew how to hurt each-other, but Lucian was now very weary of his beautiful wife.




































CHAPTER 18

It was the day of the twins birthing ceremony, the ritual that would bestow upon them their birth right.
 Holly and Lucian seemed to be back to their normal selves and had been busy with work; the amount of souls they were getting in was huge so it took two of them to run it whilst the twins were being cared for under the watchful eye of the priest. 
Holly’s evil self seemed to return and Lucian flourished as the evil lord. Together they made quite the pair, they were evil, cunning and callous in their ways and stories of their torture spread quickly. People feared Holly more than they feared Lucian which Lucian was not aware of.
They were in the realm of hell where the birthing ceremony would be taking place. 
Lucas now seemed about eight months old even though it had not been that long, a few weeks at the most but he had an astonishing quick growth rate, Elora however didn't seem to grow at the same rate as her brother and was still a new-born. 
Holly held both twins in her arms as demons all gathered around. They were baptised in the name of their father and given a drop of blood to drink, Elora however cried and wouldn’t swallow it, it just remained on her lips. 
Elora’s crying was so intense that Holly had to take her out of the room whilst Lucas seemed to revel in the attention being given to him.
“What’s wrong baby girl” Holly asked as Elora was crying, but then Elora seemed to stop.
She looked up and smiled at Holly and in that moment, Holly saw a bright white light above her head.
‘SHIT' Holly thought to herself, this meant her daughter was not like her brother at all and if Lucian found out then Lucian would destroy her, Holly couldn’t let this be, she loved Elora far too much. 
Holly noticed a symbol on Elora’s arm, it wasn’t a symbol associated with anything with her and Lucian and Holly knew, Elora was of goodness, this is why she was not foreseen by the priest, she was protected somehow.
Holly had to take care of it before Lucian found out; she couldn’t hurt her daughter so she decided to send her away. She could hear the chanting as the ceremony was continuing without her, she quickly zapped herself above and was outside the church she had visited. 
She could hear the choir singing beautifully, Elora was wrapped in a blanket and Holly tucked a note under her in her basket.
She leant over her daughter “Elora, please forgive mummy and know that I don’t this for your own safety, mummy loves you so much I do and I hope that one day you and I will be reunited.” 
She kissed her daughter goodbye and fled, the crying sounds of the baby alerted the people in the church to come out, the priest picked her up and took her to a back room in the church where other priests were sitting.
“What is this?” one asked.
“A baby, I just found her outside….” The priest picked her up and a note fell.
“Read it,” another priest demanded as they all seem fascinated and drawn to the baby.
The note read ‘to you now holding my child, know that I love my child very deeply but her soul was not made for where she was born, she was born of goodness and purity, you have heard the rumours of your church, you have felt the wrath and evil around, take good care of my daughter, she is one of you….QH’
It was signed ‘QH’ but they had no idea what that meant, there was another note that was addressed to the baby, they decided not to open that but to take the baby to a higher priest who could give them some answers. They were confused but something was telling them they needed to protect the baby that had suddenly come into their possession.  
They arrived at a large grand church where inside the highest of their priest-hood resided. They took the baby in the baby basket to his quarters in the back where he sat with Christian servants.
“Sir, this was dropped off to us not so long ago with this note.” He handed him the note.
The upper priest read the note and then went over to inspect the baby. He knew this baby was from goodness due to the mark on her which had been seen as a sign of light. The church believed that the baby girl in their possession was sent by God, they did not know the evil queen had given birth to her, this would all be revealed in due course, even though the note gave a clue they still refused to believe that the evil queen was the reincarnation of God's daughter. 
The child would need to be protected. The priests were instructed to take her to Rome where she would be kept safe and a secret in the walls of the Vatican City, but she didn't stay there for long, Elora was a very powerful little girl and the church feared that evil would sense this and come to attack the Vatican, so they placed her with a family with whom they had close ties and watched over her from a distance.
Holly was sat in Lucian’s chambers; Lucian was so caught up in the ceremony he had not realised how long she had been gone for. Lucian noticed Holly was alone and that Elora was nowhere to be seen. Holly was sat on the bed, her face still and an ice cold look.
“Where’s Elora? She missed the whole ceremony?” he questioned as he looked around for his daughter.
Holly stood up and drifted towards him “she was not meant to be” and she kissed Lucian. 
Lucian didn’t reply, he was not really fond of Elora and could never understand her reason for being born, if she was gone then he didn’t really care, all he cared about was his son and Holly. 
He kissed Holly back and quickly they engaged in another round of rough, intense and powerful sex. They re-joined the ceremony which had now moved on to the celebrations. Demons were working categorising souls as Lucian, Holly, the priest and elder demons were celebrating the birth of Lucas.
One of the elder demons had taken a liking to Holly and Holly could sense this whenever she was around him. He would watch her and look at her with sex eyes. 
She could see his blood running through his body and she knew how much he wanted her. Holly would never act on this or his urges for her, her heart beat for Lucian. 
She loved him unconditionally and even though he hurt her, she could not imagine being without him. As they say, love is blind.
It did hurt her that Lucian felt nothing for the fact their daughter had gone, but Holly’s heart was slowly breaking, in her head she couldn’t understand why if she was as evil as Lucian, which she had proven many times, then how could her heart ache in such a way, maybe it was only the pain that a mother could feel. Slowly her heart was starting to come back and feel mortal emotions.
Holly knew she had done the right thing and Elora would grow up safe in the human world. She would now devote her attention to her husband and her son, because she felt like this was the right thing to do. Lucas was a clever baby, just like his mother he was able to do things no other baby could do and he had shown on occasion that he had a little power within him. 
Over time, Holly’s heart healed in regards to losing Elora and she had seemed to have formed a bond with Lucas that she never really had before. Things were ok between Lucian and Holly and they carried on in their duties. 
Lucian was preparing for the great battle as well as running hell and his offices on earth. Things were busy and the balance between good and evil seemed to sway back to an equal share.
Lucian couldn’t understand how he had an influx of souls and now, even though he had thousands coming in, they seemed to not come in as fast as they used to be. He put this down to God actually getting off his royal perch and doing something, little did he know it was because of Elora and Holly.
Holly was out wandering the streets of New York with Lucas on a shopping trip. 
They had been down there for so long that they were becoming increasingly bored of the same of shitty daily routine. On their route, they heard a woman screaming, Holly looked down at Lucas in his pram, he was huge and had grown to the size of a one year old but still she pushed him around in a pram, a Victorian style pram she adored.
They made their way to the ally as the woman’s screams were getting closer. There, amongst the bins and piles of rubbish was a woman being attacked by a man. 
He wasn’t a demon; he was just a man who was a rapist and a murderer. Holly looked at Lucas who smiled at her, his smile was not a cute baby smile, it was a cunning evil one as she watched the flames burn in her sons eyes. She collected him out of his pram and walked towards the terrified woman and the man.
“HEY” she screamed out which threw the man off and he stopped to turn.
The woman fled quick “What the fuck are you doing bitch….” The man spat at her.
Holly smiled “Oh you, you think you’re so big and tough, you’re nothing….” She sniggered at him.
Holly turned to Lucas “You see what mommy see’s sweetie….” She looked back at the man “Mommy sees a disgusting vile man who thinks the pain he inflicts on others is ok, that their souls won’t be tainted by his vile and malicious act, well mommy knows exactly what to do with vile human creatures such as him.” 
Holly lifted the man off the ground and looked him directly in the eye, in-front of Lucas she slit his throat with the nails on her fingers and then let him drop to the floor and bleed out.
“I’ll see you later” she looked down on his and walked away.
She calmly placed Lucas back in his pram and continued walking down the road like any other mother pushing their child. 
Lucian was sat on his throne when Holly returned, he smiled at her “Been busy today have you” he smiled sarcastically.
“Yes, Lucian, I see you have the soul of the man I killed….” She looked over at the souls being categorised and she could see him in the crowd.
Lucian laughed, “Bored was you dear.”
Holly shot him a sarcastic smile “Not bored my dear, can I have him please, I want to play with him.”
Lucian granted her wish; Holly gave Lucas to the priest who was now technically their nanny and she took the soul of the man’s whose throat she had slit. She took him to the lava walkway where below pure darkness resided. 
“Do you know what’s down there?” Holly asked him as she stared into his terrified eyes.
The man looked over the edge, he saw nothing but heard screams “No, but where am I?”
“Oh where are you” Holly repeated in a mordant tone. “You my dear are in hell where I plan to destroy every inch of your disgusting soul, you see, I don’t think you are worthy of even being here, even here you are vile” she hit him repeatedly until even his soul shed blood.
“Oooo well that’s new, a soul shedding blood” she licked the blood from her fingers.
“You’re going to go to a place where not even the evilest of souls like to go” and with those words she kicked him over the edge into the darkness to be tortured for all eternity.
Holly returned to Lucas who was being fed by the priest. Lucas seemed happy and content which did please her although she wondered what the priest fed him. 
Lucas didn’t live off normal baby food, he drank blood and ate some sort of weird red meat. The same as Lucian; Lucian at the same but Holly could not stomach the stuff and carried on eating her normal human food.
Lucian barged in the room “COME NOW!” and he pointed at Holly. Holly rushed with Lucian the main hall where there was a lot of fuss and palaver.
"What's going on?" Holly asked as she rushed behind Lucian.
“Armand, I sent him on a mission and he has not returned, instead this has….” Lucian pointed at the man in a white robe.
“Ok, I don’t get it” Holly replied, “Who is he?”
“HE is one of them and somehow he has gained access to here and Armand is missing” Lucian angrily told her.
“He’s a mortal?” she was shocked.
A mortal had gained access to their realm, this was completely unheard of and had never happened before, he was being held by demons that had chained his hands behind his back. He was dripping with sweat from the heat and had several cuts and bruises where he had been beaten.
“What are you doing here?” Holly asked him as Lucian’s anger grew.
“I am the one sent to bring you a message, your precious demon will never return to you and the light of all lights will destroy you” and with those words he looked at Holly.
“Why is he looking at you?” Lucian questioned her.
“I don’t fucking know do I!” but Holly did know.
She knew that the souls coming into hell had slowed down and she knew somehow this was connected to Elora and her, she hadn’t thought about Elora in a few months but this brought it all back.
Lucian approached the tortured man “I’m not going to kill you, I’m going to send you back with our own fucking message, you tell them that a war is coming and your fucking light has no fucking baring on what me and my queen will do to all of you, they have no fucking idea what we have planned, you tell them that the worst of the worst is coming….” And Lucian kicked him out.
Holly stood there frozen, her mind doing over time. Was Elora safe? Was she the light? If she was then why had Holly given birth to her? Too much questions and no answers.
Lucian gave Holly a look and returned to his chambers, he knew something was not right but he couldn’t quite guess what it was. Holly followed after Lucian; she entered the chambers where Lucian was standing by the bed staring down at it.
“Something on your mind?” She asked him.
“I don’t understand this, everything was going according to plan and you have two fucking children and it all turns to shit….” He turned to Holly, “I will not fucking lose you again, I refuse to lose this time….” He grabbed her and kissed her.
Holly kissed him back, she was still very drawn to Lucian and she didn’t want to be without him either. He laid her down on the bed and kissed her all over; when she was ready he entered her and fucked her with all the love he felt he could show her. 
He really loved her and even in his rough fuckery Holly could see this, she loved him too.









CHAPTER 19

It was Lucas’s first birthday, so much had happened in a year with Holly and Lucian and the big battle plan that they had not noticed the time come around so quickly. 
The night before there was battle planning and the priest was left alone with Lucas whilst Lucian and Holly had been fucking on the throne most of the night.
Even though it was some time ago, the visit of the man still had some of the demons shook up a bit as to how the final battle would end and if they were going to be successful, but they didn’t dare say anything, if Lucian knew that they doubted him, he would confine them to the darkness, this also made their minds drift and forget about Lucas’s birthday. 
Holly was preparing Lucas for his birthday celebration which was to be celebrated in Lucian’s penthouse apartment. 
As special as Lucas was they also needed him to interact with the human world so that when he was older he could blend in and manipulate those around him so when the time claim he could use them for his will. 
He was already an extremely spoilt little boy, after-all, he was a prince and tended to get whatever he cried out for.
As Holly was dressing Lucas her mind focused to Elora, it was Elora’s first birthday too, but she had not seen Elora since that day, occasionally she went back to the church where she left her to see if she was there but nothing, she didn’t know what her daughter looked like or who she was with and missing out on her first birthday broke her a little inside.
All of the attention was on Lucas however, everyone was fussing around him when Holly started to feel queasy, she put this down to the hectic morning and night and the violent fuckery she had with Lucian. Holly felt a little dizzy and felt like the room was spinning around her, she went and sat herself down in the bedroom. 
Lucian followed behind her; he saw the gloomy pale expression on her face, “Holly are you ok?” he asked her.
Holly looked at him but before she could speak or reply she fell backwards on the bed passing out, Lucian was concerned and called for his priest who immediately came running in the room whilst the guests and others attended to Lucas.
The priest looked at Lucian with frightening concern “my lord, the queen….”
“What? What is it” Lucian persisted.
“She….she is pregnant” the priest told him.
“What? How can this be? You only foresaw one child and she had twins and now she is pregnant again?” Lucian stated as he panicked.
“Well my lord the future changes with the choices we make; maybe this was meant to be this way?” The priest advised him trying to calm him down.
Holly and Lucian were only every prophesised to have one child, Elora had not been seen and now Holly was pregnant again, Lucian didn’t understand why his priest nor the father’s had foreseen this and he wondered if it was trouble. 
Holly woke up, this time she was not out cold for a week, she was only out for about twenty minutes, this confused Lucian and the priest but the priest then thought it was because it was her second pregnancy that her body was able to cope with it easier.
“Priest, Lucian, what’s going on?” Holly questioned as she looked at the both of them staring at her.
“You’re pregnant my queen” the priest told her, no emotion or joy on his face.
“I’m….what? Wait? How long have I been out?” Holly panicked.
“About fifteen to twenty minutes my queen” the priest answered, Lucian seemed unable to speak as he observed.
“Only twenty minutes? But last time I was out for an entire week, surely you must be mistaken….” Holly looked down and rubbed her stomach, she really knew she was but she didn’t want it to be true.
“So how long this time?” she turned and asked the priest.
“Same amount of time my queen, your pregnancy gestation will not change because of Lucian” he told her.
Holly looked in the mirror; in around three weeks she was going to have another baby. 
She wasn’t ready for another baby and she was scared, Lucas showed so many traits of his father and was a very evil little boy, Elora was gone and she had no idea how this child would turn out.
Lucian walked up behind her “Holly, I love you….” But he seemed unhappy.
Holly turned to face him “I love you too Lucian, I don’t think I can do this?” she was also unhappy.
Lucian cradled her, he wasn’t sure on the idea either but he wouldn’t make Holly do anything else and he would want her to bring the baby to term, after-all if he wasn’t happy he would tell her to do to the baby what he think she done to Elora, he didn’t seem to have a heart that cared about that sort of thing, only Holly and Lucas.
They re-joined the party and celebrated what was left of their son’s birthday.
Lucas loved the attention and at one year old he could speak certain words and walk, he was just like his mother. 
At the end of the party guests said their goodbyes and Holly and Lucian decided tonight they would stay in the apartment with Lucas away from there for a bit and have some time to themselves, as evil as they were Lucian made sure they had family time to keep their family ties close bonded and strong, well he tried to anyway.
Lucian and Lucas fell asleep in bed watching TV but Holly was not able to drift so easily, being pregnant and having a hectic day the first thing she should have wanted to do was go to bed but her mind was racing. She fled the apartment and left them sleeping as she went back to Boston to her mom and dad’s grave. She sat there in-front of it, was Holly growing a soft heart again?
She played with the flowers as she started talking “Dad, I wish you could hear me because right now I need you, I’m pregnant, again! Dad I’m scared, I love Lucian I do but…. Oh I don’t know daddy I’m so confused” and Holly burst into tears.
She felt a gush of wind, in the darkness she looked up to again she Olivia stood there who was smiling at her softly, as if to offer some comfort.
“Why is it when I talk to Dad you seem to appear? Where is he mom? Is he with you?” Holly asked her but there was no answer.
Holly persisted but Olivia’s ghostly apparition said nothing.
 Holly did not understand how she could always see her mother but never her father, was it because Max was not really her father but Olivia was her actual mother? 
She didn’t know because it didn’t make sense. The sun started to come up and Holly realised she had been in Boston all night, she needed to get back to New York, she smiled at the graves and left.
Arriving back in New York, Lucian and Lucas were still actually sleeping so she left them to it. 
As a part of being by Lucian’s side, Holly realised she didn’t actually do much as she had been attentive to Lucas and basically doing her own thing. 
She went into his office where all of his paper work from his work was still sat there and clearly had not been sorted in centuries, it was just flung all over the place, new stuff on top of old stuff. 
The paperwork consisted of the day to day running of the office and who was appointed there and the day to day running of hell. 
It also listed several bank accounts all over the world in Lucian’s name with millions of pounds in each one, no wonder he was well respected, it had a piece of paper that seemed to have names change right in-front of her, it was a list of souls to collect but as she looked the names changed or complete disappeared so she worked out what that meant, they were either dead and had been collected or they had skipped death and someone else took their place.
Holly began to go through the paper work and see if she could do some work for Lucian as he was swamped. 
She sorted through the dead and the to die list, she filed and cleaned everything away and whilst she was at it done all his banking, yes, he may have been the devil but in the real world he still had employee’s to pay, not all of them were evil and he did own multi-million dollar companies.
Holly went to put the banking files in the desk but she noticed the drawer was locked.
 This was unusual as Lucian didn’t even lock doors let alone drawers. She searched for a key but was not able to find one, then she thought ‘fuck it, I don’t need a key’ and with one click the drawer was open.
Inside the drawer were burnt pieces of paper , Holly thought nothing of it just that Lucian was a messy git, then she saw her father’s name on a burnt piece of paper and a partial number, she searched for the other piece and there it was in the drawer, whoever tried to burn all of this was not so clever.
The number read 125,874,122,339,979 and his name ‘Max Gage’ but Holly had no idea what it meant or why someone had clearly tried to hide it, she heard Lucas starting to cry, for a one year old this boy cried like a normal baby when he wanted something, kind of a stroppy spoilt brat, so she quickly put everything back and made the drawer lock again and left the room to go and make Lucas some breakfast but she kept the piece of paper hidden in her bra.
Lucian carried Lucas in to the kitchen and Holly was acting all casual, she didn’t want to question Lucian on what she had found, she wanted to find this out for herself. 
They sat and had breakfast together, Holly with her normal human food, Lucas and Lucian with their raw meat and blood, after this they all returned below where work was flowing in nicely and souls needed sorting. 
Lucian kissed Holly as she left him on his own and Lucas was taken to the priest for his normal care. 
Holly knew that the priest was infecting Lucas’s mind and she could do nothing to stop it, she loved her son dearly but she couldn’t help but feel a wedge was forming between them as he grew older.
As the weeks went on Holly had eventually given birth to another baby boy, he looked just like his brother with small spikey horns and dark hair, Holly knew instantly just by looking at him that this little boy would grow up to be just like his brother and his father, Holly felt inside a deep feeling of pain, her heart was slowly beginning to come back.
The priest, in his evil ways, became the carer, sort of like a male nanny for both of the young princes. 
Lucas, only a year old was growing at an impeccable rate and seemed bigger each day, they named their second baby boy Birsha, it meant ‘evil son that beholds’ Holly hated it but Lucian had chosen to name him so she went with it.
Holly went to the soul room, she had with her the piece of burnt paper with her father’s name attached and the number, the number seemed familiar, she had flashbacks of holding the light blue ball before and that had a number on it. Upon entering the soul room, there were millions upon millions shining blue balls that seemed to be in never ending rows.
She thought to herself ‘how will I know if I’m looking at the right thing, how will I go through all these bloody things’ and at that moment Lucian appeared which made her jump.
“Holly….what are you doing?” Lucian questioned her as she never ever came into this room.
“Uhhh nothing just thinking to myself, like when the time comes how will you call of these souls, there are a lot of them….” She replied hoping he would give her a clue.
“Oh that’s easy, a spell will be cast to raise them all at once….” He smiled thinking Holly was interested.
“Ohhhh I see, and they’ll come to us? But Lucian there are millions here, what if you wanted just one for now to do something for you?” she asked.
“Why do you ask?” Lucian questioned wondering what her agenda was.
“Oh no reason I just thought that we should send at least one up there and frighten them a bit, ya know, get their spirits a little weakened? May give us an advantage like they did to us” she told him as she was impressed at her fast thinking.
“That sounds like a really good plan, but if I want one I just will them to me if I know who they are or I call out their number if I know it. It’s really that simple” Lucian told her.
Holly had the information she needed, she kissed Lucian as to not let him suspect anything gave him a smile and left the room. 
Lucian left thinking that Holly was preparing along with him and that she was coming up with a strategic battle plan, little did he know that her heart was beginning to feel for others again and that inside she felt distant from Lucian and her two boys. 
Holly left them and went back to Boston to her parent’s grave. Again she sat there talking when she saw Olivia appear, she did not understand why she always appeared but there wasn’t much she could do about it.
“Daddy I know you can hear me, please come……one….two…five….eight….seven….four….one….two….two….three….three….nine…. nine….seven….nine” she said slowly.
At that moment a gush of wind blew passed her and a light blue shiny ball appeared in her hand, before she could speak, it opened, beaming light into the air as black smoke seeped out onto the floor. 
Holly closed her eyes as the wind was blowing leaves and cemetery debris everywhere. When she opened them again, there in-front of her was Max, well, his soul anyway.
“Dad?” she looked at him, he seemed so cold.
“Holly?” he spoke.
“You, wait, you can speak to me?” she seemed confused.
“It appears so….” Max seemed cold towards her.
“Daddy I need you” she told him her voice sincere and upset.
“You don’t need me, you’re not even mine” his hurtful words spat at her.
“I know dad, I found that out, but I love you, regardless you are still my father and I need you….” She told him as his see through soul which was a form of him stood before her.  
Max’s eyes softened, even in death he realised he loved Holly dearly, regardless of who her father was and all the hate he had felt was because of him losing himself and the spiteful thoughts Lucian had put in his mind before he died.
“Holly how did you get me here?” he asked seemingly worried.
“Uhh well now that Dad is a long story and even in death I doubt you would believe me” she looked at him.
Finally free to speak after being trapped in the ball he started blabbing “Holly, Lucian had me, so how have you got me? He took me when I jumped off that bridge, I knew he was fucking hovering for a reason and then when….”
Holly cut him off “Wait! What? Lucian had you, he’s the reason I lost you and was all alone? Oh my god….this was his plan all along wasn’t it” and with those words she disappeared, 
But she forgot to put Max’s soul back and put it back in the room where it belonged leaving his soul free to roam and not be in Lucian's control. 
Holly was devastated; the man she loved had lied to her, something she never ever thought he would do, but more truths were about to be revealed.

































CHAPTER 20

Holly returned to Lucian’s apartment and sent for her two son’s which were immediately brought to her. Birsha was still a small baby so he was ok with Holly but Lucas didn’t really like being with his mother, he always seemed to play up for her and would only be calm around the priest or Lucian.
But Holly wanted her two children by her side, she wanted to find out the truth and she wanted the boys safe, but Lucian wasn’t listening, he came to the apartment where Lucas was throwing one of his normal tantrums around Holly and told Holly that they were to remain down there for the next few weeks as they were being shown things by the priest and being in two worlds all the time will confuse them.
As much as they needed them to integrate, they didn’t want to confuse them and Lucian needed to make sure the souls of his sons were as black as his. 
Holly didn’t argue with Lucian, she could see how serious he was and he wouldn’t take no for an answer, playing loving and devoted queen she agreed, she couldn’t let Lucian on to the fact she knew he had killed, or at least manipulated the situation which resulted in Max’s death. 
She told the shadows to take the little ones to where Lucian had commanded them to be and then approached Lucian.
“Oh my dear king, you are so powerful, so evil and together you and I have destroyed many” she smiled at him seductively as her eyes burned red.
“My dear queen, I do believe you are trying to seduce me” Lucian replied sensing her sexy body language.
“Oh Lucian, I’m not trying…..I am” and with those words Holly forced Lucian back against the wall and pushed her body against his.
In one quick move, he lifted her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist, feeling horny and his erection was really hard, he wasted no time in pushing his dick inside her. She moaned with pleasure as they had a quick and intense fuck. 
He thrusted so fast and hard that he cum within minutes. Holly looked at Lucian who displayed a sigh of pleasure and relief on his face, she kissed him lovingly and Lucian then left to tend to matters.
Holly was in search for the truth, she didn’t know how she would do this, as powerful and as evil as she was she was not able to create any magic or chants that could move her through time. 
She was shown her past in Romania with Lucas, well, Lucian, but she didn’t want to go back there as she was sure Lucian would find out and this she needed to be a secret.
She walked into the bedroom thinking over and over about how she would ever find out, ‘I could ask my mother’s ghost?’ Then she thought that would be too much, ‘I could ask my dad’ but he wouldn’t know everything. ‘I can move between realms and go anywhere in the world I choose but I don’t have enough power for this’ she thought but then bingo.
She said to herself out loud “That’s it; I can move between realms, I’ll just go back to the place he showed me and ask up there.”
Holly looked out of the window up towards the clouds “how the fuck am I….” and with a puff she was gone.
It was so quick Holly felt queasy as if she had been spun around extremely fast. She opened her eyes and looked around her. 
Everything was white and gold, what seemed to be people floated by her at ease and stress free; it all seemed incredibly calm and sweet. 
Then someone noticed Holly, they ran screaming and wherever she was turned grey as the floating people ran away in fear.
 Holly was a tiny bit confused, but she clearly had not thought this through, she was wearing her hellish clothes and cape and her horns were sticking out from her head, those who had spotted her knew instantly who she was.
“WHO DARE ENTERS HERE TO CHALLENGE ME?” a deep voice shouted as it thundered through the air.
“What? I’m not here to challenge anyone, I’m here to seek answers so clam the fuck down” Holly stated back, she wasn’t scared and she was in no mood to take anyone’s shit.
In-front of Holly were large golden gates that begun to open and behind them a large male like figure stood very stiff and powerful, she had seen these before, in both the vision and her dreams.
“Uhh hi? I’m….” she paused and thought for a second, should she say Ada? Or should she say Holly?
“I’m Holly, well, actually, I’m also Ada” and with those words everything around her seemed to calm down.
The man from behind the gates spoke “follow me child….” And Holly proceeded.
Holly followed the man over what appeared to be fluffy clouds, up some very long stairs into a room with bright white light. As she entered the room it was filled with beautiful gold statues and a warm feeling of love, care and goodness.
The man went and sat on a large throne like chair but his face was hidden in white light above his head.
“What brings you here?” he asked Holly, his voice calmer but still deep and powerful.
“Umm, I come seeking answers….” She replied feeling a little nervous.
“And what answers do you seek my girl” he asked her.
“Answers about who I am, the truth….” She told the man.
“Then answers you shall find” and with a wave of a large stick Holly saw a puff of cloud in-front of her face.
In the cloud was her, it was the same sort of image she had once been shown by Lucian, she watched intensely as her past was being shown to her:
‘She walked across the clouds behind the golden gates; she had just turned eighteen and was married to one of the other angels, Lucifer. Lucifer was above every other angel in heaven. His appearance was beautiful and dazzling. He radiated light and glory. 
He was covered with gold and shimmering jewels. Lucifer was the Chief Covering angel and he worked in the throne room of God. Her name here was Ada, the daughter of God in heaven.
 As her birth right, God bestowed great power on Ada for being his daughter in the heavens. She would remain by Lucifer’s side and live a happy, blissful life together.
 A rumour heard amongst the heavens was that their child would be as powerful as God.
Ada was in her room when she overheard God discussing a secret meeting he had with Jesus to one of his angels.
Ada told Lucifer about this being Lucifer was the chief angel and he had not known about such meeting, but it wasn’t what she had assumed, God was discussing Lucian and his sudden desire to have more power to be the complete ruler and seemed to be defying the rules.
Ada believed that Lucifer believed God feared him and Ada’s power as a couple and the rumours of their baby being born in the heavens having more power than God himself and believed he had cut off his daughter and Lucifer for a reason, but this was not the truth, God was merely a tad furious at Lucifer’s sudden disobedience and quest for ultimate power.
Lucifer became jealous of the meetings being held between God and Jesus on a regular basis and he often confided in Ada but Ada was not being told the truth, she was being told Lucifer’s lies so that she would remain by his side, she held his heart and he felt nothing was complete without her so he lied to make sure she was totally loyal to him and trusted him completely. He set out on a campaign to prove that he was above God. Lucifer began to be proud of his own glory and wisdom.
Over time one third of the angels in heaven chose to side with Lucifer and to worship him instead of God, this was due to Lucifer’s lies and the fact that God’s own daughter sided with him, Ada couldn’t see how manipulative he was being. 
Ada looked on at her angel husband and stood by his side totally devoted to him believing he was in the right. God made tireless efforts to persuade Lucifer to repent and return to him and Lucifer almost relented, but he would not give up his pride and humble himself. 
He refused to admit that he was wrong. And had persuaded Ada and that God, her father was dishonest.
Eventually Lucifer became entrenched in his pride and God could no longer influence him. God reluctantly removed Lucifer from his position of Chief Covering angel. 
Lucifer was thrown out of heaven, along with the angels who had chosen to follow him and Ada at which point Ada felt betrayed and hurt so much by her father that her heart turned cold. 
She did not realise that God had sent for her to be by his side to reveal the truth as she was too involved with Lucifer who blinded her with his love and lies.
Ada and Lucifer ruled hell together taking things to a new level of evil which God was not too pleased about but Ada was too in love with Lucifer to leave him.
Lucifer wanted to rule all the realms, he had persuaded Ada to join forces with him and combine their power to start a war with God and with their wishes, an almighty war erupted. The angels of God sought out Ada to bring her home but when they found her Lucifer had corrupted her so much so that instead she fought them back, they saw the evil within her and decided to trick her into believing her father was ready to surrender, as she followed them they attacked her, ripping off her wings and stabbing her in the heart’
Holly breathed deeply as her breath was taken away, she suddenly realised that her death was caused before by Lucian’s manipulation, he had infected her heart with evil and for that she didn’t see the truth, he lied to her to get her to side with him, it wasn’t about God being dishonest or feeling threatened, it was Lucian’s quest for ultimate power over all.
“Oh my god….” Holly stated as she began to weep.
The man moved towards her revealing his face, she recognised him from the flashbacks; it was her father, her real father, well, Ada’s real father.
“It’s you, why didn’t Lucian show me this before?” she questioned him.
“Because Lucifer is the God of lies my child, he will only show you what he wants you to believe is true, my child I would never hurt you, you were my daughter and when I found out what happened those angels were banished from here, I have waited centuries for you to know the truth” he told her as he wiped the tears from her eyes.
“But, this makes no sense, how can this be? I’ve killed people, I’ve destroyed them and so many bad things happened to me, if you were watching why did you do nothing? Why did you let me feel all this pain?” she asked him blubbering.
“I couldn’t stop you, you had your own free will and I had to let you choose your own path, I saw the good in you, I saw the love in your heart but as before you strongly love Lucifer and only you could come here willingly….I couldn’t force you” he told her.
“So if I can come here then he can to?” she asked.
“No, Lucifer was banished from here, the only way he will be able to come back is if he defeats me….” He explained.
“But then how can I come here? I was created out of evil, Lucian told me he did that to make sure…..to make sure I went to him….” Holly was confused.
“Yes but you my child are not all evil, your soul comes from here, from me, you were reborn in a human body but your soul remains the same, you can come here at will because it is your home” he told her.
Holly sobbed, she knew she had good in her heart but believed she had lost this a long time ago, she had done so much evil since then and even when she was a child evil was within her, she killed Mr Peters without question and killed Raven, she could kill at will with no feeling, so how could this man believe there was good in her?
“Why didn’t you stop the bad things?” she asked him.
“I couldn’t, they were the choice of Lucifer and those people too had freewill, Lucifer could manipulate them and their choices but only they chose to do to you what they did….” And with that he showed her the truth.
He showed her how Dr Matthews raped and killed her mother violently, after that came this death due to him losing sight of Holly and Lucian felt like he had failed.
The images then went on to show how Lucian had then placed Belladonna in their lives and the reason for that was so that she could manipulate Holly and have a baby with Max. 
The images kept coming showing Holly the truth, it made her feel sick. It showed how Lucian had manipulated the situation so that Max ended up losing Holly after his breakdown when he had killed a woman with Lucian after having sex and that he had made sure he placed her with Mr Peters and how he had then stolen her innocence as planned, as he took it earlier than Lucian wanted Lucian again felt betrayed. 
Holly saw how he then put Raven in their lives and how he had tortured Ben, she saw everything, and everything bad that ever happened to her was all down to Lucian, his greed, his goal, his power and manipulation. 
Now Holly felt betrayed by the man she loved.
“We have two sons….” She whispered out as she lost her voice after seeing all that.
“They were not created for you to love them, they were created solely as heirs to Lucifer’s throne, although he can rule for centuries, he needs someone of his own blood by his side, it makes him stronger….” 
He knew he had to tell her the whole truth “although two sons were not foreseen, Lucifer’s blood ties are now very strong, and your daughter, she was created out of pure love, you see, when you created Lucas, you yearned for something more, you felt you loved Lucifer but you felt like something was missing didn’t you” he looked at her.
“What? How did you know that?” she seemed shocked.
“Because we could sense it here, I could sense it, I felt the longingness in your heart, you may be partially human but your soul still comes from me, I can still feel you, and because you longed for something more, Elora was created from the love and will in your heart, she is pure, she is the good part of you, this was prophesised long ago that a child would be born out of goodness and that she would be tied to you but it was such a closely kept secret that not even Lucifer knew, only I foresaw this and I chose to share this with no-one….” He told her.
Holly now understood why Elora wasn’t born with horns and why her brothers were so different, they were pure evil, and she wasn’t.  
Holly now knew the truth, but with so much love in her heart, she was completely torn, she didn’t know what to do next.














CHAPTER 21

Holly returned back to New York, she wasn’t ready to go back and see Lucian or to the apartment. 
Her head was spinning round and round with the pile of truth that had been revealed to her. 
She understood now why all those things happened to her, why her father had been locked up in the looney bin, why her sons were not connected to her as they should be and everything else that had happened, it was too much to take in all at once so she decided to go back to Boston to her parent’s grave.
She sat there as the both appeared to her, she sobbed because she couldn’t control the amount of pain and betrayal she was feeling.
“Mom, Dad, I’m so sorry, because of me and who I am, this happened to you” she looked up at Olivia’s ghostly apparition and Max’s floating soul.
Max spoke, “It isn’t your fault, remember that we love you very dearly and we know that you will do the right thing.”
She looked at them and then she realised, she could do the right thing, she had done some terrible things but she could turn that all around, she could repent her evil ways and she could destroy Lucian, but then her heart sunk, how could she destroy someone she loved? 
It wasn’t a child’s game, she truly loved Lucian, she always had which is why she followed him before, she didn’t see his lies because she was so in love with him, she needed to see if her love was strong enough to stop Lucian, she’d rather live happily with him than destroy him, but could this love conquer all?
Holly returned to the apartment where Lucian was waiting to her surprise, he was pacing backwards and forwards, the two babies were in their special chairs and Birsha was now a lot bigger than when she left him, he had grown into a toddler, she made out about four of five, Lucas was the size of a ten year old, it seemed very odd but she didn’t think anything of it as their growth rate was extremely fast and Lucian was very angry
He spotted Holly and went straight at her “WHERE THE FUCK OF YOU BEEN?” he demanded to know.
“What? Up here where you left me and then I went out….what’s the big deal Lucian?” she couldn’t understand his anger.
“YOU’VE BEEN GONE AN ENTIRE FUCKING YEAR!” Lucian shouted full of rage.
“What? A year? No I haven’t don’t be so stupid…. We had sex yesterday, I been gone two days the most, don’t talk shit to me Lucian…” she spat back at him thinking he was being pathetic and a bit dramatic.
“LOOK AT THE BOYS HOLLY…..LOOK HOW BIG THEY ARE…..” he pointed as they sat in their chairs.
“So what? They grow at a stupid fucking rate anyway so what’s the fucking difference? Yes they’re bigger, big whoop, that proves nothing? When do they stop growing anyway?” she asked changing the topic.
“When they are technically five in human terms and they will continue to grow older each year without growing or aging you silly cow, do you not fucking listen to anything the priest tells you?” he spat at her angrily.
“No, I hate that guy….” She told him back showing her lack of care to the boys or the priest.
Lucian was screaming and shouting at Holly but she decided not to engage in a fight with him, she thought she would let him have his pathetic little rant as she thought it was absurd for him to suggest she had been gone an entire year. 
She thought maybe he spent too much time below recently and as he hadn’t been interacting with the human world that maybe he was losing it a bit. 
She started getting changed in the bedroom; Lucian was stood behind her ranting away when she noticed the time and date on the alarm clock beside the bed.
She walked over to it and picked it up “Is this your idea of a joke, changing the bloody clock so I would believe your bullshit?”
He looked at her “My god you stupid bitch, you think I am that petty that I would do that? Don’t believe me go outside and see for yourself.”
“Fine I will….” And Holly left to go to the local shops.
There in the shop was a newspaper showing the date, it was a year ahead than when she left. She thought it was a wind up so she went to several different stores but all showed that Lucian was telling the truth, that makes a change aye.
 Holly couldn’t believe it, she had actually been gone a whole year. How was that possible? She literally wasn’t gone for that long, ok maybe two days at the most but a whole year? What had she missed out on in that time?
Well, Lucian had discovered Max’s soul was missing and had blamed the demons responsible for the soul room, the boys had grown and been taught how to use their power and in-fact had killed several people. But what about Elora?
Holly froze; if her sons grew at that rate did that mean Elora did too? Would she then die if she just aged? Holly was actually panicking, she wished she knew where her daughter was but she didn’t have a clue.
She looked up to the sky “You know where my daughter is, take me to her please” and with that a piece of paper blew in her face from the phonebook.
It stated the address of The Marley’s, Holly knew it was a sign and she had to go see, but not yet, not while Lucian was clearly keeping tabs on her whereabouts so she returned to the apartment. 
Lucian was there alone as the shadows had taken the boys back below. Lucian wanted to be alone with Holly.
“Ok, so….you was right, it’s been a year” she stated as he stared at her.
“Where have you been Holly….” He questioned as his temper seemed to have calmed.
“Nowhere, I had sex with you and then I went shopping, I went to the park and then for coffee, I felt sleepy so I went to a local spa….” She lied through her teeth.
“Do you think I’m going to believe that cock and bull story” he stated with sarcasm.
“Believe what you want Lucian, that’s what happened, now are we going to stand here all night or are we going to go home” she changed the subject.
Holly knew Lucian loved her and knew she could persuade him with a little bit of flirting, love or sex. 
They returned back below and retired to Lucian’s chambers. It appeared different, several bodies or demons were changed to walls with their insides on the outside, Lucian had clearly been on a torture spree, it was disgusting, Holly felt sick but she couldn’t show it, because then Lucian would see her weakness. 
Lucian always believed he could sense Holly’s loyalty, love and devotion to him, what he didn’t realise is that Holly was much more powerful because she had a greater power within her that he didn’t have, the power of goodness and light, the power that runs through her soul from being the daughter of God.
Lucian grabbed Holly and laid her down on the bed. He had not been able to have her for a whole year and after the whole fiasco of him cheating on her before, he wouldn’t do this again so his sexual urges were racing through him like a runner on speed. 
He needed her right now; his tail ripped her panties off and licked her up and down. Even though Holly knew who he was, she loved him and the pleasure he gave her was too much for her to resist, she wanted him too.
Holly’s vagina was wet and ready for him to enter her, Lucian’s erection was solid and he pushed it deep inside Holly making her moan. He thrusted in and out deeply causing a rush of sensational pleasure all the way through her body, her vagina squeezed around his hard dick as she cum all over him, Lucian thrusted harder with excitement as he could feel Holly’s immense climax.
He couldn’t hold it in any longer and released inside of Holly so hard that her body jolted upwards, Lucian felt relaxed, relieved and happy, he looked down at Holly who seemed satisfied, but inside, Holly was torn by her love for Lucian and the truth.
 It appeared Lucian had forgotten about Holly’s year long absence and carried on with his work. The priest walked in with the boys by his side.
Holly didn’t seem very motherly to them, she knew who they were, but could she try and change them? She wasn’t sure.
“Hey boys’….come over here and sit with mommy….” She patted on the space next to her.
But they ignored her and stayed with the priest. 
Holly could see how much the priest had corrupted them and she knew she was never going to get her sons back, inside this hurt her as they were her sons, she had grown them, in all of three weeks but still they were inside of her.
This realm, this evil, this hell, this place they called home and the blood of Lucian that ran through them, the boys’ souls were so corrupt there was no way of bringing them back unless Holly could persuade Lucian to stop all this, but then could you really persuade the father and ruler of Hell that a battle for power was not needed? Doubtable, very doubtable.
“They seem to be attached to you…” she stated to the priest looking at her two boys.
“Yes my lady, we have grown very close…..” he seemed to admire them.
“Tell me something, they grow at a…well…a stupidly fast rate, will they die?” she asked.
The priest laughed “no my lady, the blood that runs through their veins is of pure evil, it makes their bodies develop a lot quicker than that of you or a human, they will grow at an accelerated rate for the next five years, their bodies will appear that of an eighteen year old but technically they will only be five, their minds will be extremely advanced and only when they are actually eighteen will they take their place at Lucian’s side, with you….”
Holly looked confused “I don’t get it, so in five years they will grow to the size of an eighteen year old boy and then just stop growing? Was it the same for Lucian? I wasn’t like that! How is that possible? She questioned.
“Well, Lucian originally came from elsewhere and no, he did not grow like that, he was an angel remember, angels grow to adult-hood and then age very slowly, and you wouldn’t my lady as you were conceived partially human, you grew normally but these boys are different, these boys are the sons of the devil, their genetics are simply, different,” he tried to explain.
“And what of Elora?” she asked.
“Who?” The priest replied.
“Elora….the daughter we had….” Holly stated as if to remind him.
“Well my lady with Lucian’s blood running through her it would be the same I guess but it does not matter as you destroyed her….”
Holly quickly lied “Yes, I did, just wondering….” She lied; her daughter was not created like the boys. 
She had been told that Elora was created from the good within her so did that mean she would grow like a normal baby? Or like her two evil sons? She wasn’t sure and she needed to find out, she needed to find Elora.
Wandering round she saw the rooms filled with the damned, souls working for Lucian, souls that had not been placed in the soul room, rooms of sex and desire, rooms for pleasure and torture which was mild compared to others she had seen and rooms that were to horrid to even look into.
She ended up on the walkway of lava; she hadn’t been here in a very long time. She looked down into the blackness and she could hear the screaming souls of those in extreme and unpleasant torture, torture that no-one would wish on their worst enemies. 
She knew that down there were Dr Matthews and Mr Peters and she wanted to have a word or two with them, but dragging souls from the blackness was forbidden centuries ago when a demon done this for his own deed and the soul escaped. 
The soul was then free to roam about hell for a few weeks causing havoc as it wanted revenge for the torture it had received until eventually Lucian caught it and put it back. 
But Holly didn’t care about Lucian’s rules right now, she summoned both Dr Matthews and Mr Peters from the blackness and within seconds their rotting tortured souls were before her.
“Well I must say I’ve seen things in my lifetime but you two look like utter shit….” She stated looking at them.
Even though they were the souls of their human forms, their souls were green and full of holes, it was as if they were rotting but then souls couldn’t rot, Max’s wasn’t like this but then again Max was held the soul room, these souls were tortured, the aura around them and their ghostly facial expressions seemed to scream pain and fear.
“Tell me why you did to me what you did?” she demanded.
Mr Peters went first “I wanted you, you were perfect, I needed you.”
Holly felt sick, what sick bastard would say that to a woman he abused as a child? Did he not have any fucking regrets? Holly didn’t want to hear anymore and sent him flying back down into the darkness, she got the gist of Mr Peters’ actions and why he took her innocence away, fucking vile man.
Dr Matthews hovered near Holly; her control over him was strong so he couldn’t flee.
“Now you, tell me why you felt the need to take my mother away?” Holly asked him.
“Because that’s what he wanted me to do, she felt good as I fucked her and he wanted me to destroy her, once you were born we had no need for her anymore…” Dr Matthews didn’t seem to have any regret or sympathy either, he was proud of what he done to Olivia, the only thing he wasn’t proud of and regretted was failing which saw him ending up here. Neither of them gave a shit about anyone but themselves the selfish murdering bastards.
Holly went to send him flying “WAIT” he shouted, Holly looked at him.
“You know that I’m your father right? Don’t send me back down there, have a little love for daddy aye, c’mon Holly, you and me, we shared something special” he said to Holly.
But she didn’t care “You and I shared nothing special and you are not my father you fucking disgusting rotting soul, your soul will be damned to receive torture for all eternity and believe me, you deserve a lot worse you fucking scumbag….” And then Holly let him drop back into the blackness. 
His screams could be heard but she didn’t have the slightest bit of concern and not one part of her had any regret, they deserved how they were being treated after what they did to her, now she wanted to find her daughter and find out more about the baby born from her love and goodness.






CHAPTER 22

Holly had been working alongside Lucian and they had now returned to New York as Lucian took on business developments and mergers that would benefit him and put evil people in the place of power to manipulate those do-gooders around him. 
She loved Lucian still and found it very hard to let him go, although she no longer done any of the killing or torturing, she stood by his side in his evil deeds and allowed him to continue.
They had been gone for an extremely long time and had been underground for several years since Holly and Lucian’s ceremony and only popped up every now and then, Holly more than Lucian. 
Lucian had been so caught up with his evil doings below he completely shut off the human world as he wanted to make sure that this time his plan in the great battle would succeed and with his queen and his sons by his side he would have ultimate power. 
They were sat in the apartment with their demon followers. Holly was feeling fed up, if Lucian wasn’t working he was having sex with her, she needed to get him away from it all, she wanted him to choose her in the end.
“Lucian, the boys need to get out and have some human time don’t you think?” she stated as she approached him.
“Uhh yes ask the priest to take them somewhere….” Lucian seemed too into his work plans.
“No, no Lucian, you me and the boys, let’s all go out, we haven’t had family time in….” she tried to think but couldn’t remember, “Well a long time, let’s take the boys to the zoo, they’d like that” she was very persuasive leaning over Lucian’s shoulders as he sat.
She had persuaded Lucian to step away from the demons and work for a day, she also noticed the boys horns were sticking out.
“Lucian they can’t go out like that can they, make them put them away please” she ordered.
Lucian asked the boys to retract their horns which they done so happily at their fathers request. As they were leaving the priest watched on, he could see Holly was acting a little different and she could see his eyes on her, she gave the priest a smile that said ‘they chose me haha I win’ and left.
They all arrived at the zoo and the boys seemed taken aback by what they saw. They had extensive knowledge of the world and were incredibly smart but they hadn’t interacted with humans like this before and this seemed like so much fun for them.
 Holly could see the excitement on their faces as they ran off to see the animals. Holly held Lucian’s hand and walked around with him and the boys looking at all the animals.
“See, we can do the family thing….” She said to Lucian with a smirk.
As the boys approached the cages of some of the animals it sent them berserk whereas when Holly approached they calmed.
 The animals in the zoo could sense their evil and it made them very nervous.
Holly was observing the boys when she felt a warm breeze brush passed her, the wind seem to whisper “Mommy!”
It gave her goose pimples, Lucian and the boys’ attention was on the animals so Holly set off to find the whisper.
 She found herself outside the zoo in the car park, the whispers were still echoing through the air but she couldn’t find what it was leading to, then she concentrated really hard, her mind wishing ‘please take me there’ and with one blink she was outside the church she dropped Elora at.
 There was a service taking place and the church was full of people. Holly remained outside watching, she didn’t want to enter as she remembered the pain that went through her when she touched a cross before, she didn’t want to feel that again 
Looking through the open doors Holly could see a little girl, about two or three years of age dancing in aisle, her mother was telling her to stop and sit as they sang hymns but this little girl wanted to dance. Holly found it slightly amusing and it made her giggle.
Suddenly the little girl stopped, she turned to look behind her and she was then staring directly at Holly. 
Holly felt butterflies in her stomach, the kind that tell you something nice is about to happen but you’re scared. The little girl walked towards Holly slowly, the mother, who was singing away didn’t notice, and then the little girl was in front of Holly.
The little girl reached out her hand and smiled so softly it made Holly’s heart melt.
 Holly knew that this was her daughter, this was Elora looking at her and Elora knew that Holly was her mother. 
It was a heart-warming moment that mother and daughter were finally reunited. 
Tears ran down Holly’s face, her daughter was beautiful, she had piercing blue eyes and long flowing blonde curls, however she had not grown like her brothers, she was indeed still a child, a toddler. 
Holly knelt down to speak to her “Elora, Mommy will come back for you but not yet, it’s not safe, be well my darling and when the time is right we will be reunited.”
Elora looked at her as if to understand “Ok mommy, I love you.”
They embraced in a loving hug and with those words Elora returned to the church and Holly stood there observing for a while, her heart was breaking but it was not safe to take her, Lucian would destroy her or her brothers’ would and she couldn’t take that chance. 
She quickly needed to get back to the zoo and as usual, with the power inside her, one blink and she was there.
 It always felt strange to her how no-one ever saw this or suddenly noticed a woman appear but then again, as stated before, evil always had a way of hiding things, so much evil happened in the world and those who went about their everyday lives never noticed unless it happened to them or was on the news.
“Holly, where have you been?” a voice in the background.
She turned “Nowhere just looking around here” she lied.
They returned and the boys and Lucian seemed to have a nice day, but it was all over now, Lucian went back to work and the priest continued to watch over the boys. 
It was as if nothing changed, one fucking day out and that was it, back to his usual evil deeds.
 Holly returned down there with them, her mind was a muddle and she needed to get away from the human world where she could feel Elora’s pull, she didn’t want to risk her being seen with her.
In the main room where souls were coming in, Holly noticed on of a woman who was screaming at the top of her lungs, now, this wasn’t unusual, the souls tended to scream or cry or kick up a fuss, after-all, they had just arrived in the fiery pits of hell, why wouldn’t your soul be afraid? But there was something different about this woman so Holly approached her.
“You know making all that noise isn’t going to change what happens to you….” Holly told her being a little cold.
The woman sobbed “If he hadn’t had me, if he hadn’t done this to me, my life would have been better and I wouldn’t be here.”
Holly was now intrigued “If who hadn’t done what to you?”
The woman sobbed further “I don’t know, I didn’t see him, he raped me, I felt it, but I couldn’t see him, after that I became nothing and now I’m here, he ruined my life…. It’s not fair.”
Holly seemed confused, what was she on about? Was this woman’s soul crazy? It certainly seemed like it, how could you she someone raped her but she couldn’t see? Unless she was blindfolded and then a light bulb went off in Holly’s head, Lucian!
Lucian was sat on his high throne doing work, Holly went and stood beside him “Lucian” she prompted “Do you know that woman’s soul over there?”
“Where?” Lucian asked looking over the hundreds coming in.
“There….the one who seems loopy” she pointed.
“Oh her? Yes I know her, I took her, she was to go to him but I took tainted her first” he laughed.
Holly felt sick, how could he do this to a woman? To get one over on god? Why? He had more than enough souls to play with or create an army? And yet he did this? Holly thought back to when Mr Peters took her and how she felt, she knew Lucian was the same, just as evil, actually more evil than that, after all, he was the king of evil, the ruler of all darkness. 
Holly loved this man but she no longer wanted to be part of his evil crusade to dominate all the realms. But how could she leave? And if she left would she be stripped of her power? Would he kill her too? 
There were so many questions Holly didn’t know the answer to and at that moment she felt trapped.
Holly left Lucian and went back the apartment, she needed to be away from there, the priest noticed Holly’s expression and followed her, Lucian’s apartment was dark and the only light that entered was the light of the city beaming through the windows.
“You seem troubled my lady” he spoke which made Holly jump.
“I didn’t see or hear follow me here, what concern is it of yours priest?” she seemed angry and annoyed.
“Well it is every concern of mine my lady, I am your priest I am here…..” he stated but Holly cut him off.
“You are not my priest, you are Lucian’s priest and I only tolerate you for him, you, you are poison, you have turned my sons against me and whatever I may be feeling does not concern you now leave,” she demanded.
But he refused “My lady, I have not turned your sons against you, they are pure evil, it is an amazing thing, I have guided them on how to wisely use their power and taught them wonderful things, don’t you agree?” 
“I told you to fucking leave” she spat back angrily.  
It became very tense in the room, the priest could see that Holly’s evil side had seemingly weakened and now she was questioning him which she had never done before.
Holly could sense he knew that she had some goodness in her and she knew he would tell Lucian but she couldn’t risk it, before he could leave she shot fire at him.
As decrepit and dead the priest looked, he had some defences in him and he blocked the fire thrown at him, he knew then that Holly was to betray Lucian, in a split second he foresaw her leaving him, he foresaw Elora and the two of them would destroy him, he got angry and a fight erupted between them. 
But the priest underestimated Holly, he may have read about her power in books but he didn’t count on her meeting her real father and gaining the power of good and evil within her. 
Holly threw fire which wasn’t working, in frustration she screamed and a huge ball of light with what appeared to be lightning formed between her palms, with an almighty bang she threw it at the priest which went straight through him and he disintegrated into nothing but ash, Holly had won and the priest was dead, she had destroyed him to the point of non-existence.





































CHAPTER 23

It had been a few months since Holly had killed the priest and her sons were now left in her care. Lucian came to his apartment looking for Holly; he was concerned that for months he had not seen the priest. Holly had become an excellent liar though and persuaded Lucian she did not know where he was.
Lucian was now concerned of his boys’ upbringing and placed them in the care of one of his senior demons. 
Holly did not like this but she could not argue, she had been trying to look after the boys since she killed the priest but they simply did not take to her, there was no bond between them, they seemed to show a sense of respect for her as she was their mother but that was as far as it went. 
Holly set out to see her daughter, she felt the instant connection with Elora at the church and she knew that Elora knew who she was.
A mother and daughter’s bond is very strong and it was one that no-one could destroy.
She visited Elora on many occasions and they became extremely close. 
Holly noticed that Elora still had the glow above her head, it wasn’t something that could be seen by the parents she was living with or any other human as it was something only the magical world could see. 
Elora was born of pure light, the good side of Holly that she thought she lost a long time ago.
 The more time she spent with Elora was the more her heart began to beat and feel again. She knew the great battle was approaching and that preparations were being made ready, her sons were being taught how to use their evil gift in the battle and would grow to be powerful evil warriors, after-all, they were the sons of the devil; they had great power just like their mother and their father.
As Elora reached her teenage years, Holly was showing her how to channel her inner light; Holly learnt also that she had a powerful inner light that could be used instead of her flame throwing, she had seen this happen when she had a fight with the priest but it only materialised out of frustration and the fact she was not winning, she, along with Elora, learnt to channel their inner light to use against evil. 
But Holly still had great evil power within her and this was not something she could just toss away at will, it was part of her, she was born with it and unfortunately she learnt no matter what it would always be with her.
Holly was in the apartment looking out over the city, it was a beautiful day, the sun shone bright and sparkled on the roof-tops of the buildings. 
Holly knew that her father was looking down on her and it gave her a sense of happiness. 
She suddenly felt a gust of wind; Lucian had arrived and was stood behind her.
“Holly, what are you doing?” he asked.
“Nothing, just looking” she replied.
“You have not been home in months, you have been up here doing fuck knows what and you have not been in my chambers, why?” he was concerned.
“I prefer it up her Lucian, it’s away from all the shit that is going on down there,” she told a lie
“Shit? That shit Holly is me preparing with our sons for the battle that is looming or did you forget why we are doing this? Oh and speaking of our sons have you forgotten about them?” his tone seemed angry.
“No Lucian, I have not forgotten all of that and I have not forgotten about them, I tried to look after them remember but you took them away” she hissed back at him.
“I had to place them in the correct care, they are being trained for a massive battle and need proper training and guidance, is that why you have been so distant?” he seemed a little upset.
“No Lucian, I feel that when the time is right I will be there, don’t worry” she turned and gave him a soft smile.
“Have you seen the priest?” he asked her.
“Uhhh no why would I?” she lied.
Lucian looked at her but couldn’t make out if she was lying or not, he explained how big the boys had gotten and that they were doing really well with their training. 
Holly didn’t seem pleased, inside she wanted Lucian to grab her and say ‘I choose you’ but he didn’t seem to want to do this as he was more interested in power and dominance. 
Lucian gave Holly a kiss as he was returning to work, he felt like if he gave her some time then she would work out whatever it was that seemed to be bugging her and would be by his side in the battle, to be honest he was a little naïve and blind to what was actually going on but as they say, love can make you do strange things, love is blind and he truly believed she would never betray him. 
Holly was spending the day with Elora, Things were going well and they were lying in a meadow staring up at the blue sky making shapes out of the clouds.
“Let’s go there mommy” Elora stated.
With one powerful request Elora and Holly were outside the golden gates.
“How did you do that?” Holly asked her.
“It’s ok mom, I do it all the time although I have never been in there, I saw it in a dream once and since then I have been able to come here at will, pretty cool huh” Elora smiled proud.
Holly took Elora through the gates and went to see her real father. There he was as always say on his throne with the bright light covering his face. 
“To what do we owe the honour of your visit?” his deep voice echoed.
“Uhh I’m sorry, Elora brought us here,” Holly replied.
“Ahhh so the child has grown strong, come here my little princess” he called out to Elora.
Princess? How was she a princess? Holly was confused. 
They sat in discussion as he explained who she was, Holly was also a princess of the heavens and although she contained great dark power, she was respected amongst all the angels, her daughter was now also a princess by birth right being born of pure blood to the queen, although she was not meant to be born and was only prophesised, it didn’t stop her being bestowed her power and title.
“My daughter, the battle is drawing ever closer, as your sons grow older their force becomes stronger, only you can defeat Lucifer” his voice echoed.
“Please call him Lucian and how will I do that, I love him, I don’t want to destroy him” Holly’s voice seemed low and weepy.
Holly could see the elder angels also preparing for battle, it seemed Lucian was not the only one, battle plans were being drawn and practice fights were being done. 
Her father stated to her that he would guide his angels and take part in the battle by helping them with power but when it came to it, only Holly could end it by either getting Lucian to side with her or banish him to hell forever. 
 Elora was being taught how to fight and defend herself also and she learned very quickly. 
Holly felt deep love for her daughter and she knew that when the battle commenced, she would have to make a painful choice, she hoped inside that Lucian would choose her; she knew how he was a liar however she still loved him and hoped that they had a future together.
They returned to earth and again a year had gone by, Elora found this out and knew that the parents she had been living with to protect her identity would have been going out of their minds, they always did every time she visited there. 
Holly stated to Elora that she had to go and see Lucian and see how far the battle plans had come along, she placed Elora in protection commanding angels at her will to watch over her as Elora went back to her parents’ house.
Holly arrived in the great hall-way; it had changed since she had last been there and seemed so much more evil and dark than she remembered. 
She saw her now teenage sons who were big and beastly men just like their father. 
Lucian spotted Holly and smiled, the boys’ also saw her but displayed a sense of caution, they didn’t quite understand their mother or what she was about, they could sense she was not as evil as Lucian and discussed this with him before but Lucian dismissed them. Lucian embraced Holly, he really had missed her and in the year she had gone so much had changed.
“I’d hope you would return here, come, I have much to show you….” And he took her hand and led her round.
He showed her his plans, the army and the souls he had called on who were being trained for battle.
 It was grim and evil but Holly smiled and pretending to show her support. He took Holly back to his chambers and there they made passionate love, Lucian and Holly both not knowing that this will be the last time they ever done so. 
Holly showed how much she loved Lucian as he thrusted in and out of her, her moans were so pleasurable that Lucian felt it course through his body that he couldn’t hold back and exploded his cum inside her. 
Afterwards Lucian returned back to work as Holly observed him, as the battle drew closer would she be able to get Lucian to stop? 
The only way she would know is when the battle took place; she left to return to Elora and only visited Lucian to show her love for him.
 Would love be enough to end all this? 




















CHAPTER 24
5 YEARS LATER

Lucian had been searching for the priest for many years but to no avail and with no soul the priest could not be tracked between realms, Lucian was sure if he had died though then he would have returned to hell where he would be reborn, but this never happened as Holly destroyed him, he wasn’t between any realms, he simply did not exist anymore.
Suspecting something weird happened to him Lucian could do nothing in all that time.
 His boys had remained by his side and had been spending quality time with demons, they had now visited the human world several times and were very good and blending in and using their power without being noticed, they had been taught well.
Holly had also visited her actual father quite a few times who helped her control her inner light, she wanted to see if there was a way she could stop Lucian but she was warned that he was never able to cross the golden gates again. 
She was told repeatedly that she was the only one who could stop Lucian and she didn’t want to have to make that painful choice. Holly knew she would never be able to kill the man she loved. 
Her father told her that the best way if he chose to continue with his power tripping mission, was to banish him to hell forever. But Holly hoped she would not have to do this and hoped in her heart that he would choose her.
The boys had grown to be handsome eighteen and nineteen year old men, as Lucas was one year older than Birsha; they could seduce any girl, mainly with their evil ways but sometimes with their charm. 
They had killed without thought and committed many evil deeds, they would never be welcomed beyond the golden gates and they would need to be destroyed. 
As the years had gone by they had completely separated from Holly and no longer saw her as their mother but the woman who carried them simply for being at Lucian’s side, they referred to her as mother out of respect but felt no maternal bond with Holly whatsoever.
Lucian had noticed Holly’s change and that she had withdrawn herself from his plans. He saw that she did not bond with the boys and that the only evil act she had really committed was punishing a few souls, which she believed they deserved. 
She hadn’t killed anyone or used her dark gift in a long time. She would disappear for weeks, months or years at a time and he was never able to sense where she was, he felt in his heart he had lost that connection with her but he refused to listen to it, Holly was the love of his life and he refused to believe that she would ever leave or betray him.
Elora was now grown and had grown into a beautiful eighteen year old, she and Holly had formed such a strong bond that not even death would break it. 
As the time for the battle drew closer, evil business men seemed to create mergers and shit on their employees making them angry and ready to hurt something or someone and on the other side of things people’s commitment of their faith brought more light to the world, it was a battle on earth already.
You could see by the goings on that there was a fight between good and evil but these poor people knew nothing of the battle that was erupting between heaven and hell and the winner would determine how humans would spend the rest of their lives, as they were now or in pure darkness where evil reigned all over.
The battle had finally approached and a huge war commenced, fights between good and evil beings broke out on the streets across the world as Holly looked on at the destruction being caused. 
Lucian’s armies approached the heavens as God’s armies approached hell, fighting in both realms was fierce and the death toll of demons and angels was rising. 
The Vatican were praying and believing Elora would save them, they were in their church still in denial about the whole truth, if Lucian won this battle then they would surely have a nasty surprise.
A battle ground between realms had appeared, it was surrounded by red and black skies and gravel on the floor, Holly and Elora were there watching as Lucian and his armies powered through God’s defences and it appeared as if Lucian was winning, forcing back God’s army. 
Holly and Elora had made their way to the battle realm where huge armies on either side were fighting for their side to win.
 Holly could see but she didn’t want to get involved in the way Lucian had hoped, she stayed on the side-lines trying to protect Elora from the demons that seemed to be heading her way, with the bright shining light above Elora’s head it gave her away.
“Elora, this isn’t your fight, you must stay safe ok” Holly told her as waves of demons and souls were fighting around them.
“No mom I must stay with you, we can do this together….” Elora encouragingly told Holly.
“Elora, we cannot defeat a whole army by ourselves, go up there and stay safe” she demanded but Elora wouldn’t leave her.
At that moment, Holly’s son Lucas saw her trying to protect Elora, Lucas guessed it was his twin sister as they had similar features but he noticed the glow of white light above her head. 
“MOTHER!” he shouted as he charged towards them.
Holly looked and could see Lucas gunning for Elora, her protective instinct of Elora took over and a ball of fire shot from her hand at Lucas. As it hit him she felt guilty inside, this was her son, her son for god’s sake and she had basically tried to destroy him.
“How dare you attack me” he got up angry at what she done.
“Lucas don’t do this please, leave her be” she pleaded; she didn’t want to kill her son.
The sounds of the fight echoed through the dark battle ground, fire and wind was all around them, the noise seemed to mask their voices as angels and demons shouted in the big fight. 
Lucas again charged at Holly and Elora but before Holly could stop him, a huge beam of light shot out of Elora’s hand piercing Lucas through his black heart making him fall to the floor.
 Holly looked in shock as Elora had killed her brother. Lucian saw what happened and went charging over, Holly had not joined him in any part of the fight and she was not by his side when the fight commenced. He saw the woman she was protecting and was furious.
“HOLLY” he shouted as he was racing towards her on his demon steed.
He looked down at Lucas’s body; he lied there dead and destroyed in the realm of darkness.
 He shot a bolt directly Elora but Holly got in the way, pushing Elora out of its range and it hit her in the arm.
 Holly's arm bled red blood when technically it should have bled black. 
Lucian could see that Holly’s soul had now formed some good, he had ignored all the signs but now he was seeing it for himself.
 The battle continued behind them as angels and demons were being slain, blood and bodies were everywhere.
“You betrayed me….” Lucian looked at Holly shocked.
“No Lucian I didn’t, she is our daughter, she was only protecting me” she looked at Lucas’s lifeless body.
“You told me you destroyed her and now I find out you lied to me Holly….why?” he demanded to know.
“She is my daughter Lucian, I love her, I couldn’t do that, I sent her away so she could grow and live happily and be protected from all of this….” Tears feel from her eyes.
Birsha came running at them noticing the tension and that his mother was bleeding red blood protecting a woman, he went for Elora and Holly defended him off. 
But Elora engaged in a fight with him and before Holly could stop them Elora and Birsha were fighting on the battle field.
“Lucian, please, I love you, you don’t need to do this, we can be happy on earth….” She begged him to stop and appeared to be getting weaker as the blood poured from her arm.
“Holly, I waited fucking centuries for you and I refuse to live without you now join me and together we will rule all, it is the best way….” He tried to persuade her.
Holly was bleeding profusely as she tried to control it “Lucian stop lying to me, I know what you did to me, I know about Dr Matthews and Mr Peters and Max, I know it all, I know how my life originally ended, I know your lies Lucian but we can start again, you and me please…..” 
Holly looked out of the side of her eye and saw Elora destroy Birsha and saw the army of light gaining strength and they appeared to be forcing the demon army back. Holly fell to the floor; she was losing too much blood.
Lucian kneeled over her and held her in his arms “Holly please, you can fix this if you accept who you are”
Holly realised she couldn’t change Lucian’s mind as he was too evil, power and darkness consumed him. 
God was right, now she had a choice to make, she looked behind him to see Elora watching her, she knew what she had to do and tears ran down her face.
“A part of me loves you so much Lucian, my heart beats for you and you’re right, I do have to accept who I am….” She couldn’t stop crying.
“I love you too Holly, join me please” he begged her as he held her close.
“I can’t” she whispered as tears fell from her eyes.
She placed her hand on his chest and at will a beam of light struck out against his heart. 
He looked down, he knew she had chosen light and not to be with him, her power was strong. Lucian started to shake as he begged Holly to stop.
“I’m so sorry; I have to do this….” She sobbed.
As Lucian began to break fire engulfed behind him which swooped down and took his body, he screamed as he was being taken away but it was too late, he was dragged back to hell where he was now banished for eternity, unless Holly chose to go to him again and be by his side, he would never be able to resurface.
The evil army felt Lucian’s defeat and unable to have to the power to continue, all demons retreated back to hell. 
The battle was over and good had won. Evil would never be truly stopped, there would always be evil in the world and Lucian would still collect souls and a constant battle for balance would still continue, but at least heavens would remain the heavens and earth would remain earth. 
Holly saw in a split second Max and Olivia, they were finally free, she didn’t know how but she saw their souls finally find piece, she guessed it was because the evil that had trapped them was now defeated.
 It was a heart-warming moment, now they could be together wherever they would be.
Elora brought Holly back to Miami where they ended up on a beach, for some reason it was the first place she thought of. 
Tears ran down Elora’s face as she held her mother in her arms as she lay dying, Elora tried to stop the bleeding but she couldn’t, as she cried holding her mother in her arms the sun seemed to shine brightly above them, it shone down on them and over Holly.
“Not yet my daughter, it is not time” a deep voice spoke in the clouds.
Holly’s arm healed and she woke up to see Elora. Holly grabbed her daughter and hugged her as they looked up knowing they were being watching over. 
Holly knew that she would carry this dark gift forever, but she also knew that she had an inner light that she shared with her daughter and for the rest of their lives they would live happily trying to do good in the world. 
She still loved Lucian but as she looked at her daughter and out over the sea, she realised that this was the best feeling in the world and she had done the right thing.
They would live their lives happily until the time came for Holly to re-join her father and be by his side.

##

Thank you for reading the final chapter of my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer?
Please keep an eye for the next two books, When Love Hurts and Ghosts Linger and also The Psychotic and Loving Mind of Amelia Harvey, all available now.
Thanks! R.J. Adams (author)

