
The Fate of Humanity: A Demon’s Perspective

By Matthew K Z Lehman


Chapter 1

Joshua was in the middle of the crowd. Maybe fifty to sixty—depends on who you ask. The warlock was on a fairly large block of wood made with logs. It was deep in the middle of the woods. The sun had just set, but it was still beautiful with the red and yellow behind the hills. This place was a myth in San Francisco. Nobody ever came to these woods except Legion.  

This space was ours. No one—neither citizen nor the police—would enter unless they had to. Usually, it was the FBI and the cops trying to identify one of the many souls who had lost his or her life here. If you were new to town, you would eventually find out by word of mouth or, even worse, by ending up there after the sun went down, not knowing where you were. Bad shit usually happened then. 

Josh’s attention then went back to the stage, where a crying baby in the background would not stop wailing. Josh did not know how he got there dressed in full cloak and hood. Way too much vodka. He was feeling it coming up, but he could still keep it down.  His stomach was wrenching, he looked up and the show was starting. At the altar stood the high priest speaking in Latin. Never heard one of those in Latin. Joshua had taken some Latin 101 in college. 

He thought the high priest was saying, “God is dead,” over and over. What a clown. He doesn’t realize you can’t have one without the other. It’s the whole yin and yang thing. Behind the altar were three crucifixes upside down and smeared with feces, mocking the Trinity.  There was a black baby boy on the alter contorting itself and wailing.  

One of the coven would go downtown and buy a baby from a meth addicted vagrant.  Josh thought it was so sad.  It was normally a cat but mostly it was a goat.  It made him uncomfortable but he could handle an animal sacrifice but a baby, this must be a special occasion he thought.  

The high priest stood and shouted in English, “Bring it up!” Two cloaked women with their breasts keeping their cloaks open came rushing up the stairs. They were carrying a snake-shaped small sword across their folded-out arms. The priest rushed at them, grabbed the sword, spit on them, and then turned and came back over to the baby. The baby was wailing. 

Now he was shouting in Latin. Man, he wished he was just at a regular black mass with the nice and tasteful orgies. The priest grabbed the baby boy by the face and knocked the back of its head against the hard alter.  He turned around and then back toward the baby. He lunged and grabbed at the short sword on the Alter. Joshua turned away as this was happening. 

Was this actually happening? About two seconds later, the crowd roared and then chanted, “Feed! Feed! Feed!” Josh turned back towards the stage. The priest was looking at the crowd with a psychotic look in his eye and blood running from his mouth, who were still yelling in admiration.  Everything kind of became a blur after that, now that the vodka had really kicked in. 
 Josh was woke up next to a girl from the ritual last night. He was such a sweet talker. If you were into BBWs. She woke with him and shook around for a bit.  Then she rolled over and looked at him with a big grin on her face.  She asked Joshua if they could do breakfast, and Josh politely declined, citing a page within himself that he had to be at his parents’ at three p.m.

 She asked if he would see her again, and he said with a smile, “Sometime I’ll give you a shout.” He gave her a kiss, and she drove off with an angry look on her face. “Okay, another successful date.” He laughed and went back into the house and grabbed a Strongbow cider, went out to the patio, and lit a joint.  He started thinking about last night. 
Sacrificing cats and dogs and disemboweling them was one thing but an actual human baby was too much for him. Josh knew he was in with them now and it was almost impossible to leave.  See, it’s just not good to leave a coven. Those people have many harsh secrets and will kill anyone to keep those secrets safe. They always come as friends, but you have to look behind their calm and friendly demeanor.

They were mostly people of power and prestige, or who had been invited in by one of them. And then for some, it didn’t matter about their background. They were just hard-core into evil. They were the scary ones. They were the ones who provided the human sacrifices at the Sabbats.  They were the ones who orchestrated the Sabbats. It was kind of like watching a play in the way the plot was always changing. 

It was always one of three: human sacrifice, animal sacrifice, or orgy, which was far and away Joshua’s favorite. He never got into the sacrifices and killing. He found it very unnecessary, and it made him quite uncomfortable, but he would never mention that to anyone in the coven. He had tried to leave in the past, to no avail. He knew if he left, he could be taken out at any time. 


Brakes clipped, gas leak in the house, hit and run—maybe even a straight fucking bullet to the head. These situations all awaited him. And the lifestyle was actually a part of him now.  He had conjured up some minor demons, and he was even granted a familiar for a week that came in the form of a crow that spoke to him and told him some very interesting things.

He was twenty-five, a drunk, still in school, and a bartender at a club on San Francisco’s main strip. It was often frequented by gay clientele. Josh never had an urge to chug cock and they all respected that. Except that they did occasionally grab his ass, which he despised but endured for good tips. This led him to some heavy drinking nights and lots of after-hour parties. 

A lot of raves with those fucking glow sticks and all fucked up on E, lot of gay guys hitting on him who he would have nothing to do with, and the occasional beautiful mod chick who, when drunk, loved to take it in the ass. 

Every Friday and Saturday he did his after hour drinking at the Matador. It had a straight clientele for the most part. It was like a big underground warehouse with a huge stage in the front, then rows of benches and tables, and then a huge dance floor that was always hopping. You would get your twenty sixer from the little Mexican girl in the corner for twenty dollars and then get the mix from the waitress. 

They had such an awesome setup: the best rock bands that he ever heard and every once in a while a cool Goth or industrial band. Yeah, people would get stupid sometimes. That happened when people drank straight from eight at night till five thirty in the morning but there was always this bouncer, Alfy, who stood up for the good guys. Joshua even helped sometimes for fun. He was a big boy. Alfy and Josh were pretty close. 

He would go to the club and instead of dancing with the beautiful girls, he was with Alfy getting hammered and talking for hours on end. Being raised a Catholic, Joshua had a definite interest in the dark side. Alfy knew much about the subject. Some of the regulars were Devil worshippers and there was also a lot into voodoo. Alfy would talk of rights and rituals, sacrifices and conjuring demons, even though he had never delved himself.

One Saturday night Joshua and Alfy were talking. He had been at the club for a while and had pretty much drunk a twenty sixer to himself, plus the drinks he got in him after work at the club when he stumbled over to the matador at about five am. Alfy was talking to a beautiful, black-haired girl with ice-blue eyes and the nicest ass in the room. She was wearing skintight lululemon black pants with no underwear. Alfy stood up and looked at him and said, “Do you know what she needs, this is Jade.” 

He whispered in her ear and they both chuckled. She spun around on a dot, with the most beautiful eyes he had ever seen, and said “Hey, come dance with me,” with the most cunning smile on her face. Who could resist? So he was swinging her around and doing the jig himself. He was not the best dancer.

Then she pulled in close to his ear and panting said, “I like you”. “I want you to know what I’m all about.” Pick me up at Twenty Second and Forty Third tomorrow at 8:30.”

Joshua happily nodded his head. Then she put on an innocent little face, blew a kiss, got her girlfriend, and ran out of the club. Josh was very enticed. He hadn’t had a girl that he was that attracted to in a while.  He left the place pretty quick too. As he left he could see the sun just about to pop its head over the horizon. It was still dark out, but it had a reddish tint to it. 

Chapter 2

He slept till about 5 p.m. the next day and then got up and had a nice steak and spinach salad. He started drinking again—Strongbow cans—until he went out. He was at the corner five minutes ahead of time with a Strongbow in his lap.  He was driving his black cherry ’77 Firebird, fully restored.  It was the one with the 454 and the T bar roof.

 It had the firebird in white on the hood and had big black slicks and wicked rims. Jade then walked up from behind the car.  She was beautiful, wearing a skintight, one-piece, short, short dress that was cut just above the bottom of her ass cheeks.  He got an immediate erection.  “So what’s up, honey?” Josh said, with his Ray Ban’s on and a big smile on his face.

“I love your car,” she said with a big smile, her blue eyes and black hair shining. “ Jump in”, Josh said.   Jade slid into the car laughing and lit a smoke.  “So what do you have in store for me tonight?” Josh said curiously. She looked over and smiled, “This is the night I’m going to show you what I’m all about.” “Don’t be scared,” she said chuckling, “it’s going to be a great ride”, and they took of down the road.

They had been driving for an hour up some country road.  The sun was down now and you could see the lights from the city.  Josh didn’t think she knew where she was going.  “This isn’t my regular hang out.” “I’m usually deep in the forest watching the high priest kill something, while I’m up to naughty things,” she said with an evil grin. “This is just to see if you can handle the real thing,” Jade said. 

 “I’ve heard that you’ve been to a few rituals, but I know you don’t know what you’re really into.” “This is all about the dark one.” “About the fall of angels and the creation of the underworld, and who really runs the show up here or down here, whatever way you look at it,” she said. “Turn left,” she said.  It was now down a narrow dirt road that lead right up to this farmhouse. 

They pulled up and a beautiful women came out of the house. Jade flew out of the car and gave her a big hug. They started speaking in Spanish, then angel had a dirty look on her face and she shrugged and took off back into the house. Jade walked back to the car and jumped back in.  “We gotta go somewhere else she said, they don’t take to kindly to strangers tonight,” she said.   

“What the fuck,” Josh thought.  She leaned over and started rubbing his hard on over his pants.  “Don’t worry,” Jade said, “where going to have fun either way tonight.” At that moment Joshua would have done anything she said. “Just go right,” she said, as they sped off into the night. At about ten thirty that night they arrived at a parking lot at a conservation area just right outside of town. 

“This is where I wanted to take you in the first place and I found out it was a go” she said.” The summer solstice is coming up in eight days. There’s a really big build up to it.”  “So what does that mean,” Josh asked. “That means one of the biggest parties of the year. Are you religious?” Jade asked him. 

“I was like a lot of people,” Josh replied, “ I was when I was a kid but I fell pretty quickly out of it when I got older.”  They got out and started walking to the fire glow they saw deep in the brush. She turned to him and with her smile said “don’t worry, I got you covered baby,” as she tugged and they started running towards the fire. 

They got to the fire and there was about one hundred fifty people there singing and chanting to the death metal band that was on the make shift stage. They made it to the center and where jumping and dancing with everyone else. There were people climbing up on the stage and spitting on an inverted cross behind the band. 

There was a large man dressed in a cloak behind the Alter on the stage that seemed to be praying very hard.  Then he pulled up a cat by the scruff of the back of its neck and slit its throat with a sharp dagger.  Then he held the cat above his head and let the blood drip in his mouth. Then the song stopped and the band started playing a really heavy guitar tune solo. 

Just then the crowd started stripping down and they started to perform sex acts. Jade started rubbing her ass in her tight dress against Josh’s erection in his jeans. She was smiling at him and then they were face to face. ”Here, take this,” she said and gave him a pill. Josh took it down with another sip of his Strongbow without hesitation.

 He had picked up more at the corner store on the way there. For some reason he wasn’t afraid of her at all, which had got him into trouble with other girls in the past. Then suddenly, Jade dropped to her knees and took Josh’s cock out and started stoking it hard, but he was already hard. As she started performing oral, Joshua looked over beside the stage and back towards the brush. It could make out a figure it was bigger than him and the silhouette had horns and what seemed to be a tail and wings. 

Three witches were running over to the figure and stared performing crude sex acts. Then the demon seemed to look over at him directed in his line of vision. The beast had big piercing red eyes and Joshua could feel his presence from a distance. He could hear the demon in his head say “let go, feel that power within you that wants you to let go, and then he heard a sinister laugh. It scared the shit out of him.

But he had to get back to the task at hand. This is when Joshua got down on his knees himself, pushed her skirt up over her ass and took her hard from behind. She began to moan deeply. She turned her head around and said, “See, I knew you could get into this.” That’s as much as Josh remembered.




Chapter 3

 He woke up on top of the sheets in his bed with Jade curled up right next to him. “How did I get here,” he was talking to himself. Jade was sleeping next to him and wasn’t started by him. He ran to window and checked the driveway. The car was there but it was parked diagonally across the lawn.  He walked over to the closet and pulled out a nice down comforter. He went and put it on Jade. She grabbed the edge of the blanket and pretended to hide her face. He let her sleep. Josh fell out of bed, there was no way he could keep any food down that morning.

He looked at the back of the fridge and there were four Strongbow cans. “Wow nice,” he thought. He got one and cracked it, then went back to the bedroom to close the door. From there it was on the couch for the next couple hours. He got out the bong and took a nice hit right into his lungs. 

Best weed he ever had, it was called ak-47, very expensive and hard to find. But it had a hint of a hallucinogen which gave it a nice kick. He would sometimes hear voices telling him to do strange things and he often saw the shadow a small boy in his apartment or the woods where he took his walks. 

But it could have been the schizophrenia kicking in. He watched TV for about two hours and was done the all the ciders. He had been trying to drink slowly but now it was definitely time to hit the liquor store. 

He peaked in the door and she was still out cold, with the comforter over her head.  He got the keys from the kitchen and took off. He was back within 12 minutes with a twelve pack. Josh walked up to the porch and open the door. “Hey hunny, where you been,” Jade yelled at him from his couch.  She got up on the couch cushion and lifted her night shirt just over her nipples and said, “you want some more of this, baby.” He chuckled looked at her and said, “Very much, but I just need my supper first pointing to the twelve pack.”

 “Are you hungry,” Josh yelled at her from the kitchen. “No” she said.” “I’ll grab my sushi down on the strip if you don’t mind.” “Not at all my dear, would you care for a beverage?” “I only have Strongbow I just got from the store, we drank almost everything else last night.” “Son of a bitch, well Strongbow isn’t so bad.” He went over and sat next to her on the couch and handed her a can.  “So what did you think about last night, do you think it’s something you’d like to explore further,” she said grinning,

“Absolutely everything was great from before my blackout. What was in that pill you gave me?” he said laughing but concerned at the same time. “Oh shit, you blacked out,” Jade said concerned.  “It was a ruffie, she said giggling.  “It effects people differently, sometimes good, sometimes a blackout.  “It sucks you don’t remember the sex, you were really hot last night.” “No more of those, ok.”  “OK,” Jade relied as if she thought there was nothing wrong with it.  

“I don’t know, there’s just something about doing it with other people doing it as well, Josh said. “It felt good to let me unleash,” he said grabbing her hip and body and placing it on top of his. They had a passionate kiss and Joshua threw his head back. “I think you’re going to tell me something really fucked right now,” he said. “No, but I will once I get another cider,” she said.  “Grab me one too.” Josh was looking at the moon and it was one of those black red moons that was so big he thought it would take over the planet. At that point he put the next joint in his mouth and lit it. 

It was about four O’clock and he had to work at the bar at seven. She came back cracked a cider and gave it to him. “So witchcraft goes a lot deeper than what happened last night,” she said.  “Sex is fun and is a big part of it, but I’m going to have to teach you some rites and spells and how to conjure up some friends with some great power.” 
He looked at her feeling drunk and stoned, “What kind of friends.” “Major demons, minor demons, ghosts, familiars, entities like that.” “Sounds like fun,” he said, not thinking of the implications. Even though he was Catholic growing up he had never felt contact with God and he didn’t believe God had helped him in his life. ”It will completely change your life,” she started. 



“Josh, I don’t just pick up anyone, I can see things and I see something inside of you that seems to be like a magnet for those on the other side.” “Have you picked up on anything supernatural in the past?” “I’ve never told anyone this but when I go to funerals at Cemeteries, I hear the spirits from the ground talking to me in my mind,” Josh said looking perplexed.
“What do they say,” she asked. “Help me, please do this for me some say, and then there’s the evil ones that tell me to hurt or kill, and they tell me I’m going to hell.  “Wow, crazy,” she said. “Does that happen anywhere but cemeteries?”  “Nowhere else, I’m no skitzo hun”, he said, and they both laughed.  “Little did she know,” Joshua thought.

Chapter 4

Josh started to tell her a story. I haven’t told anyone this but when I was young I was an Alter boy. The priest was a huge Irishman named James Masterson.  After service he would always come to me and we would talk about the bible and the book of Revelation. Nice thing to talk to an eight year old boy about, eh, he said with a grin and a lost look in his eyes.

One day Masterson asked me to come in for a morning service during the week. I didn’t know why because the weekday services were pretty low key and not too many attended. While giving the sacrament of communion at the mass, I looked in his eyes and stuck my tongue out to receive the blessing. His pupils had turned black and he had the most evil little grin on his face. I was puzzled and really scared. After the service when everyone was gone, he told me to come to the basement with him and that he would perform a special blessing on me that would purify my soul. What a line eh, Josh said laughing.

I knew there was something terribly wrong but what could I do, all my life to that point I was taught to listen and respect the Priest. Materson walked over and grabbed my hand and we went down into the church basement. When we got down there, Materson grabbed a bottle of Jamison’s off his work bench. I remember the musty smell down there.

He led me into a storage room with the Christmas decorations, old posters and flyers, and a damaged pew. He began to sing an Irish tune to himself and dance around a bit. He must have been drinking before the service because he was totally smashed. Then he turned to me and he had a thin rope in his hand. He said to me Joshua, no matter how much you let the good Lord into your life and accept his son as your savior you will always, always be a sinner. 

You will always experience pain and doubt about whether all the prophet’s stories are true. Nothing is tangible and you will always going on blind faith. The only think that is tangible is the pain you feel. I’m going to make you experience extreme pain to cleanse you. He said slurring and wearily, you need cleansing. Put your hands behind your back, Masterson told me. I didn’t know what to do, I did what he said, but I was so scared I pissed myself. He tied my hands in a tight knot, and then he began to rape me, Josh said in a low voice and with a blank stare.
Afterwards, he came over to me and dropped to his knees. He covered his face with his hands and wept. You little shit, why did you seduce me, why did you seduce me he repeated over and over. By that time I had fallen over in pain and exhaustion. He then untied me and told me to get up but, I couldn’t stand. He lifted me up and carried me up the stairs while he was still weeping. 

He threw me out the back door of the church into the garden and said when you can walk, get the fuck away from here.  I don’t care if you go home or not, but don’t tell anyone about this or I will gut you and put you where no one will find you.

 He turned and took a huge swig of his Jamison’s and slammed the door of the church behind him. I laid on the lawn in shock, I could have died from the shock that day. I felt my underwear filling up with blood from my anus. I laid there for about two hours I guess, couldn’t really tell you how long, thinking I was dying.
 I was listening to the birds singing and the sun shone down on me. The warmth was so nice on my face. I finally gained the courage to try and stand. After falling over a few times, I staggered a bit but was able to stand. I stood for a couple of minutes then began to limp and stagger the four blocks home. I got to my front door and fell in, my parents weren’t home and I began climbing the stairs, very carefully and slowly, step by step.

It was so painful, I started crying again and I flopped down on the bed and proceeded to talk my clothes off. I very painfully stood up again and made my way to my bathroom. I turned the water on in the bathtub and turned the shower on and got in sat down in the tub as the water hit my body. I hung my head and watched the blood bleed from my anus down the drain. I was still in shock. After the shower I went down to the washer and washed my clothes. And by the time my mother was home I was lying down in my bed and shivering in my PJ’s.

Hi sweetie, she yelled from downstairs, how was school. Fine, I just said in a low voice. Ok good, I’m just going to watch my soap, I’ll make dinner real soon. After about a half hour I got enough courage to go down the stairs. She was sitting on the couch. I waddled over and hung my head. She looked very concerned and asked me what was wrong. I said, while bawling, that Father Masterson asked me to come in this morning to help with the morning service. I told her he hurt me, he hurt me real bad, and that I was bleeding out my bum. She hung her head and started to weep and wail. She got up and I’ll never forget this. 

She walk over to me and slapped me with her back hand and then grabbed me by the chin and said you can never tell anyone about this, ever, and that if she ever found out that I told, there would be consequences. Then she hugged me and helped me upstairs to my bed. She brought my dinner up to me that night. I have no idea what she told my father but that Sunday we went to the Catholic Church across town. I stopped going to church when I was old enough around fifteen.

“That’s the most horrible story I have ever heard Josh,” Jade said crying and hugging him. “There are some really fucked up people in this life, and someone of them we know from the coven, but you have to look past that.” “That piece of shit will get his.” “I know,” Joshua said and they huddled and cried on the floor for a bit. 

Chapter 5

 Then Jade started in her story of sorrow.  Nothing ever happened to me like that, I was just invisible to my family and I spent as much time away from home as possible. They didn’t even care when I started in with the wrong people and got so bad into the meth. 

They threw me out when I was fifteen. I would stay with any dealer that would feed my habit, and sold my body for them. I wasn’t even mad when they kicked me out, Jade started. I just didn’t want to leave my baby brother there with them but I didn’t have a choice, I’d go and meet him after school and walk him part way home. 

He always loved me and never looked down on me, no matter how high I was. Then one day I was too dope sick to leave my bed and didn’t meet him. I went to school the next day, and he didn’t come out of school. I went into the office and told them who I was and asked where my brother was. The secretary got on the phone and called the principal. She sent me into his office. 

The principal had a stern but concerned look on his face. I know the situation that you and your parents are in, he said. I also know how much you loved your brother. That’s why I’m talking to you about this. Jade, John’s gone. I didn’t understand what he was telling me at first. He said that John was waited for me for a while, then he took off home. He said a drunk driver had jumped the curb and hit him while he was walking down the side walk. I’m so sorry the principal, said sincerely.  I just said thank you and quickly made it down the hall towards the doors. 

 As soon as I got outside I walked over to the grass, bent over and puked, fell to my knees and started screaming at the top of my lungs incoherently and I just fell over and started weeping. I was just thinking the only day I don’t go to meet him, he’s killed. 

I wished so much that I had have been with him and got hit to because I didn’t want to live either. I looked over and saw the principal come out of the building and other people staring standing watching me. I got up and started running down the road. John wasn’t just a part of me, he was my only family and I truly loved him more than anything else on earth.

When I got home I just went in and ran for the heroin. I took as much as I had to try and overdose, mainlining it. I didn’t think I could live with the guilt and shame of not showing up for him that day. I woke up in the hospital the next day and spent two weeks in there recovering. My depression took over for a long time after that, Jade said sadly.  They both sat in silence for a few minutes holding each other and taking in the pain from the memories.     
 “I think we should start some rituals and rites in the next couple of days.” “These entities can give you what you need in life, what you’re craving,” Jade finally said after the pause.” “But at what cost,” Josh thought to himself. “Yeah sounds good,” he said to her, she was everything he ever wanted in a girl and could not say no to her. “You know what the funny thing is,” he said. 

“You’re probably the most normal relationship I’ve been in in about fourteen months,” they both laughed. Just then she looked over and smiled at him while undoing his zipper. “Ooh, alright”, he said.” They had passionate but violent sex. Joshua had to go to work and Jade stayed at his place and waited up for him.

Chapter 6

It had been two weeks, Jade had pretty much moved in and Josh didn’t mind at all. They had been doing séances and performing spells and trying to conjure up what they could using the Book of Black Magic and of Pacts. Nothing huge had happened yet. Joshua had tried to control the weather and conjured up a pretty wicked thunderstorm. 

They had tried to conjure demons but except for a lot of vicious voices and whirling winds they were unsuccessful. Then it was the thirteenth night and they were trying to conjure the spirit of Alastair Crowley. They began performing a spell that they thought could bring Alastair to them. After they had repeated the spell three times a dark form with the outline of a human form appeared in front of them. It looked like a human black hole. 

The form was black but shaped as a human but no eyes or any distinct features. Josh couldn’t believe it, he just stood in awe. Jade stood up and asked Crowley, “how can could help us on their journey into the abyss.” Crowley was a magician and an occultist from the turn of the 20th century who was adept at dealing with spirits, including powerful demons.

“You call me Beast,” Crowley snarled. Joshua thought this was for his ego more than anything, but he later found out that this is what his mother had called him. “Go to the clearing in the woods where you were before for the black mass and then continue north, the direction of Satan where he controls. There you will find a place where two foothills intersect. “When you look at the foothill to the right, you will see a small cave. Don’t worry, I will send a friend to guide you.” 

“You will know when you see him.” “I usually like to entice some sexual degradation for those about to sell their souls for my pleasure, but Josh I know what happened to you with the priest.” “I will not subject you to that.” “His name is Astaroth and what you seek will become clear when you speak with him.” “You can only summon him between ten and eleven pm on Wednesday.” “Tomorrow is Wednesday.” “He is a good friend who is to be treated with the utmost respect.” “He has been following your path,” Alastair looked at them and smiled, “I’m giving you a great opportunity,”  “There will be another there, an entity of great importance.” 

“He has extreme power, but I won’t say anything else, will see for yourselves.” “He was the second demon created after the fall, after Lucifer.” “He’s evil that you cannot comprehend.” “He will come as the most beautiful image you have ever seen.” “He won’t do you harm but heed my warning, fear him, he is of absolute evil.” 

Crowley started walking away from them and then disappeared into the night. “Holy fuck,” Jade said, “can you believe this? See I told you were powerful, “she said to Josh.   Josh just stood with a blank look on his face.  “I’m a little scared,” Josh said. 

“There’s is nothing to fear, the demon is expecting us. He will offer something powerful but will expect something in return.”  “Are you ready to sell your soul Josh, for which you most covet?” “Josh I’ve been into black magic for three years and something like this has never happened.” “I’m so very excited for tomorrow, we should go out and celebrate.”  Josh had to work that night but he would call in sick. He knew this was the beginning of a huge change in his life, something sinister but enlightening.  And he had Jade, the most important of all things. 

Chapter 7

Josh and Jade woke about one pm the next day. He and Jade spent the day studying about Astaroth. He was a male demon who evolved from the ancient Phoenician mother goddess of fertility. Astarte or Ashtoreth. Astaroth is also a FALLEN ANGEL. And 29th of 72 SPIRITS OF SOLOMON. 

He was a high ranking Angel, either one of the seraphim or a prince of thrones, prior to his fall. Astaroth is a grand duke and treasurer of Hell and commands 40 legions of demons. Astaroth teaches all sciences and is keeper of the secrets of the past, present and future. He will give true answers to questions about the past, present and future. He encourages slothfulness and laziness. 

The demon is said to instigate cases of demonic possession, most notably that of Loudun nuns in France in the 16th century. The nuns accused a priest, Father Urbain Grandier, of causing there possession. At Grandier’s trial, a handwritten confession of his was produced detailing his pact with the Devil, witnessed by Astaroth and other demons. 

Astaroth loves to talk about the creation and the fall, and the faults of angels. He believes he was punished unjustly by God, and that someday he will be restored to his rightful place in heaven. They found a spell that they thought would conjure the demon and declared themselves ready. 

Chapter 8

Josh and Jade had a late dinner, shared a bottle of wine and toasted to having a great experience that night. Over dinner Jade started speaking about one of her conjuring’s. I was alone in the woods, where we’re going to tonight. There must be something about the area there has to be a vortex there between us and another place, a very bad place. I was trying a few spells to conjure the demon Azazel. I had made a pentagram in the clearing with a dagger.”

 I slit both wrists vertically, and it was bleeding pretty good. I walked around the pentagram dripping blood and then in the center. That was part of my problems that night, you should never enter the circle. I said the final part of the spell and then bandaged my wrists up. I waited for about two minutes then saw a red glow in the brush and I moved towards it as well. 

We got closer and closer and then I saw a red figure emerge from ahead of me. Azazel was in front of me. He had this horrible pig face, huge horns and pointed ears. The upper half of his body was that of a man but from the waist down he was a beast. A goat had been following him and then sat down next to him.

 “You summoned me and now I am here, he said with a smile and a squeal. He started talking to me about the apocalypse. He said that the end would happen in the next five years and that there would be many signs. He said there would be a great war that would be waged between the angels of heaven lead by the Trinity and Arch Michael, against the demons of the underworld, led by the Dark One and his army, over mankind. 

He said that a quarter of the world’s population where now atheist and that these people are at the heart of the dark one. The greatest soldiers because they have denied God in their lives. During great battle, Michael will betray his God and will fight for legion. These soldiers, along with Michael’s betrayal, is what tilted the tide for Legion. Praying on my vanity, Azazel granted me eternal beauty and for me to have a place with the master when the end comes.

You will not burn, you will be a powerful presence in Hell, Azazel told me. Now for your part, he said. He walked over to me and disrobed me. He began sucking on my breasts and then took me down to the ground and proceeded to rape me. I’ll never forget the rotting smell of him. His penis was like a slithering snake inside of me. He grunted like a pig and drooled all over me.  

He finished off with a great orgasmic squeal and left me lying on the ground, beaten and breathless. My soul was his as soon as he entered me. He stood up looked down on me and said do the will of the master and all will be well. Then he began walking with the goat back into the forest. 


Chapter 8

“Wow, Shit, when did this happen,” Josh asked. About a year ago, Jade said. It was eight o’clock and it was time they headed out. They got into the car and headed toward the conservation area.” I have no idea what to expect”, Joshua said. “Just keep an opened mind and be respectful to the demon and it will be fine,” Jade replied. “I do want wealth, power and happiness and you,” Josh said to her, 

“My soul is a lot to give up for earthly pleasures.” “He will probably will just ask for a sacrifice and for you to worship him,” she said. “I don’t know what’s going to happen, we’ll soon find out, but I’ll always be there for you,” she said. 

The sun was continuing to go down behind the hills. As they were driving the Stone Roses,” I want to be adored”, came on the radio. “I don’t have to sell my soul, he’s already in me, I don’t have to sell my soul he’s already in me, I want to be adored, I want to be adored, you adore me, you adore me.” They looked at each other with eyes wide open. 

When Josh returned his gaze to the road all the sudden there was a huge deer standing on the edge of the road as they whizzed by. He didn’t even have time to react but they didn’t hit it. He was just standing there waiting for them to pass by. But it was so close, didn’t know how he didn’t hit it. If he had, all three of them would be dead. “Did you fucking see that,” Josh said. “See what?” Jade said. “Never mind,” he said gasping. 

They reached the conservation area around nine o’clock. The sun was just setting on the horizon and there was a great display of reds and yellows. The moon was already in the sky. It was a new moon. Josh and Jade had a compass and flashlights and a gas lantern. They looked at each other and Josh still looked scared. “You cannot show fear or the demon will eat you alive, and remember they tell lies,” Jade said. “This is all about you Joshua, I’ve already had my experience.” 

“I’m going to be with you in the cave but you will do all the talking and make all the decisions.” “Where not dealing with just any demon, this is a grand duke of hell.” “He has immense power.” “You must realize you are a mortal dealing with a Deity.” “Don’t be frightened, just be aware of what you’re dealing with.” He nodded and pointed the compass and they started heading north. 

It was difficult to get through the bush with branches scratching at their arms and then they found a path. Ahead about twenty five yards they saw a huge beast. It seemed to have the body of a panther that was about 8 feet long, but had the head of a dog with huge piercing red eyes. It was standing in the middle of the path just staring at them. All the sudden the black dog turned its head and started walking down the path slowly so they could keep up. “This must be the friend Crowley had promised,” Jade said. “Let’s follow but don’t get to close.”  

The sun was completely down now and they were using their flashlights. Every time they stopped they would hear rustling in the brush. Joshua caught the dark figure moving a couple of times and then it would just disappear. It was definitely following them. They decided it must be Crowley watching them he must be getting off on this. Joshua checked his cell phone, it was nine thirty and nothing yet. 

Chapter 9

They travelled for about another fifteen minutes and then the black dog turned and looked at them again. They caught up with him and then followed him to the left through the brush. Then they came upon the clearing where the foothills intersected and they saw the cave to the right. Now Crowley’s dark figure was visible as he stepped out of the woods. 

The black dog ran up to him and sat in front of him at attention. He pet his head and said, “Go home my pet,” and the black dog took off into the bush.” Please enter,” he said.  Jade and Joshua entered the cave.  Josh lit the gas lantern and the small cave was illuminated. Then they saw Crowley’s figure at the entrance of the cave. He laughed loudly and then said, “It’s so nice that you have made it.” 

“Are you ready to meet your new god and pledge allegiance to him?” “I am,” Josh said hesitantly as he began to outline the inverted pentagram with his heel in the dirt on the cave floor. It was about now about ten twenty. “What are we supposed to do now?” he asked. “Just wait” she said. Jade began to recite the spell to conjure Astaroth. 

“Astaroth, Ador, Cameso, Valuerituf, Mareso, Lodir, Cadomir, Aluiel, Calniso, Tely, Plorium, Viordy, Cureviorbas, Cameron, Vesturiel, Vulnavij, Benez meus Calmiron, Noard, Nisa Chenibranbo Calevodium, Brazo Tabrasol, Venite, Venite, Astaroth. Shemhamforash!”

Jade said it with such passion going down on her knees and lifting her clenched fist upwards. She looked drained and curled up in a fetal position. 

Chapter 10

About five minutes passed and then they saw a glowing orb about the size of a basketball enter the cave floating above the pentagram It flew by them about five feet deeper into the cave and slowly began to grow in size. It grew to be about seven feet tall and wide. 

It looked like a big black whorl pool spinning quickly counter clockwise. They began to see something step out of the portal. Astaroth suddenly appeared. He appeared as an ugly presence riding a small scaly green dragon and holding a viper in his hand. He was wearing a crown and he had huge black dead eyes. The smell of him was so bad that it made Josh and Jade cringe. 

“Hello Jade, nice to see you again,” the demon said, “thank you for coming.” “Azazel sends his regards,” Astaroth said to Jade then he grunted like a pig at her and giggled.” Jade smiled and nodded. “Joshua, I am here for you,” Astaroth continued, “Do you have any questions for me?” 

Josh stood stunned, there was so much going through his head. “We met at a Sabbat,” Jade explained to Josh, “but it was very brief.” “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before but it was just a brief meeting.” I didn’t think he’d remember.” “Of course I remember, I’m a demon,” Astaroth said. “It’s not like I forget anyone, no matter how brief the meeting.”  Astaroth smiled, “just let your head slow down so we can talk.” The viper was staring right at Joshua, tongue out and lunging at him. Joshua rubbed his head and starting getting his thoughts together.  He started thinking again about his mother and father. 

After the incident with the priest his father had left them and Josh grew up with his mother in Tacoma, Washington. She had gotten into heroin heavily after the incident. She made her money as a prostitute. Joshua would go days without seeing her but he always had food, beer and weed. When he did see her it was if she was in a catatonic state, rail lines al up and down her arms and legs. 

She would sometimes come into his room after when she was sober and hold him and tell him over and over that everything would be ok. This made Joshua uncomfortable. He would try to talk to her, to reason with her about the drug but it was as if she was already dead. 

When he was sixteen years old during one of her tricks a john had slit her throat and killed her. He and the priest were the only ones at her funeral at the graveyard.  After this he was sent to live with his father in San Francisco. His father had never loved or even liked him, he called him the son of the whore and was only upset about his ex’s death because that meant Josh had to stay with him. Josh new that his father hated him because of what had happened with the priest.

 Before the incident they had been a happy God fearing family on Joshua’s eighteenth birthday his father came home from work. He walked up to Joshua stared at him for a moment and then through twenty five hundred dollars at him and said there that should get you started. “When you find an apartment call me and let me know the address and I will send your things over. “Go now, I never want to see you again,” his father said and he turned his back on him and walked upstairs.

He left immediately. It wasn’t a surprise he knew something like this would happen. He stayed at a hostel downtown San Fran for two days and then found a place. He had a friend call his father with the address and his stuff was there the next morning at seven am. That was the last of any contact with his father that Joshua ever had. Joshua raised his head to Astaroth and asked, “Who killed my mother and where can I find him? “

“His name is Keith Atkins,” Astoroth said. “He lives in Los Angeles. He continued to kill prostitutes for a few years and in an epiphany decided to become born again and be a follower again of the Nazarene.” “He has become quite the citizen, helping street people and addicts find their way to the light so to speak.” 

“Your priest has also mended his ways,” Astoroth continued. “He was transferred to a new church in San Diego, about ten months after his incident with you.” “He had some interactions if you will with a few other boys after you and the arch diocese caught wind of it and swiftly transferred him.” “He too has seen the light of God and has changed his ways.”

 “He still assists with masses and after a few years of therapy within the church has become an advocate for the elderly and the disabled.” “The ultimate hypocrisy, I think,” Astaroth said. “His God must be very proud he said with a snicker.” “He has never faced any retribution for what he has done.” This is where you come in Joshua.” “These men are working against our cause now.” “In essence, their enlightenment is like spitting in the face of the master.” 

“We want their souls before there God decides that they have done enough good to deserve a second chance.” “We want them dead and their bodies to lie sticking in the earth and their souls, the dark one has a special place of suffering for them.” “This is where you come in,” Astaroth said. “We want you to exact the revenge you mostly greatly deserve.” 

“This will provide two positive outcomes for legion. First, we will obtain their souls, and secondly it will bring you closer to us.” “In addition to these two, there will be one other that the master has his eye on that you will be asked to dispose of,” he said with a chuckle.  “Who is it,” Josh asked.  “I don’t have that disclosure yet,” Astaroth replied. 
“For your attention to these tasks and your soul of course, you will be granted more money then you could ever spend in one life time.” “You will also be granted power and prestige over and above your fellow man, you will be envied and sought after,” “You will be able to help gain other interests for legion and the Dark one.” 

“You will also have access to any female you want, you will not have to pursue them they will pursue you.” “This should satisfy you’re lustful desires that we know run deep within side of you.”  “But I only want Jade,” Josh replied.  “Well will see what we can work out Josh,” Astaroth said in dismissing fashion.  

“We know you quite fancy Jade but she will not be part of your journey with us in the beginning.” Josh turned to Jade and she looked very confused. She began to whimper and tears rolled down her face. “She will be assigned other tasks to help the cause,” Astaroth said. 

Joshua was dumbfounded. “Just because you say it will happen this way doesn’t mean it will happen, I know you lie.” “Josh I’m lying to you, and if you speak to me common again like that I will rip your heart out of your chest and eat it in front of her,” looking at Jade. “There is a contract that will be upheld.” “What I have said I have forseen and will become reality.”

Joshua had grown to love Jade, actually it was beyond love, it was pure obsession. Whenever he looked in her eyes he thought he could see into her soul. He thought she was the only one he could trust. You will be assigned a few friends, those close to the cause and that who’s futures depend on you success. “They will present themselves to you and you will know them when you see them,” Joshua thought for a moment then said, “so how does this work.” 





“There’s nothing to it,” Astaroth said. “My associate will appear through the gate with the contract, you will sign, Crowley and I will witness and it will be done.” “There’s nothing to fear.” “Everything that is promised will come to you.” 

Joshua wanted wealth and to be powerful more than anything. More than anything he craved power because he never had it. All his life he had been subservient and had been in vulnerable positions. Joshua looked Astaroth in the eyes and said, “let’s get this done with.” 

Chapter 11

Astaroth smiled and at that moment a giant oak desk with a goat head emblem carved in the front and a pentagram on the top appeared within the cave and he saw a pant leg come through the portal. Jade just stood eyes extremely wide. Astaroth and the dragon and viper lowered their heads. Then Belial appeared. He was the most beautiful man Joshua had ever seen. He had flowing black locks and huge green eyes. 

Belial looked at Astaroth, and the viper and dragon slithered away for the moment. He looked at Jade and she just dropped to her knees with her head down. Then Belial looked at Joshua, their eyes locked together and Josh was mesmerized by the stare. Belials beautiful hair was flowing even though no wind.

Josh stood tall and stood his ground and showed no fear. He actually walked up to within three inches of the Belial and looked up. Belial looked down and smiled, “You have a lot of balls my friend,” with the sweetest voice you have ever head. Belial then transformed into a Madusa head with vipers for hair and black dead eyes and roared and lunged at him. Joshua fell backwards on his ass.

 Belial then changed back into his former shape, the beautiful man he was. “I can’t let you get too comfortable,” he said chuckling. “I know what you want and you know what you want,” Belial said.  “Just take it Josh.” “I have been watching you with great interest for some time.” “Why is that,” Joshua said, “I haven’t really done anything of significance in my life.” 
“But you are destined for greatness Josh,” Belial said. “You’re in the great position that if you give us the little that we ask, we will give want you desire during this life but also protect you in eternity.” Belial looked him in the eye and josh matched his glance. 

Chapter 11

Then all of the sudden, darkness. Joshua was in an altered reality now. He was in a line up on a windy road that led to an overpass in the distance. He looked around and it actually looked like Ireland with the rolling green hills. 

But it was a terribly overcast day and there was a light fog about fifty feet about their heads and going up into the mountains. He looked straight up, and in the center of the clouds was a huge black hole.  It was swirling slowly yet there was still no wind, no voices, no music. Josh looked ahead and he looked at the line. And he saw a very social diverse crowd. 

He saw only a few desolate people directly ahead of him in line dressed in rags.  They were the heathen’s. Whatever had happened to them in life, they we’re now fill with pure hate and evil.  They did not have the ability to feel compassion.  They might have not actually caused physical harm to people, but there mere presence was a drain on the souls of others. They had the expression that they knew that their demons come for them now. 

These people said nothing and had tears in their eyes, but were but seemed like they had accepted their faith. They knew that this was inevitably the final price for their sins.  Next up was the well dressed, but obviously tainted narcissists. They were all complaining to each other how they can’t get out of this place, no matter which way they run the would always come back to the path that led to the overpass. The thing about their conversations was that they were always interrupting each other and trying to shout over each other to try to prove that their dilemma was more important than the others.

He looked ahead towards the front on the line and he couldn’t believe his eyes. In the front he could see the murderers, child molesters and saddists, people who thrive on others pain and torture. They were all shouting what the fuck, why am I here. I’m innocent god damn it. “Nobody can prove anything of what I have done,” they said. 

A man among them in a dark cloak looked over and smartly said “they know the truth, what we have done.” “Its not as in life you can hide what you want to hide.” “That isn’t the case here.” “This is the end my brothers.” “I don’t know what’s going to happen after we get through that over pass, but I wish you well.” He gave them all a quick smile then quickly turn to face the front of the line. 

But then Josh saw more people in front of that group. It was a party, a big party, but you couldn’t hear them although they weren’t too far away. Plus they looked like they were moving in slow motion. He saw flares from bonfires but the images in the vapor just above the top of the flame he saw bikers and politicians, and the Mofia.  ponzi schemers who prayed on the elderly and destroyed their lives. The human traffickers, the bikers and drug dealers who sold there spoils to children and ruined their lives.  

The Dictators, tolitarianists and warlords who put their needs in front of their own people and who made those people starve and suffer.  Those who destroyed their own countries just in an attempt to retain their power.  And others you couldn’t really specify a demographic too, they were all partying hard, there were orgies and degradation.  These were the worst of the worst. They were all yelling profanities with hand jesters like the horns of the devil. 

It mostly looked like hippy and goth chicks riding on the shoulders of bikers and politicians. Josh saw a deejay in the back to the right side and he could see the big stage and four, two story speakers surrounding him. He looked like a kid, maybe seventeen or eighteen. He was spinning like a mad man, and they were all reacting but josh couldn’t hear a thing. Or the others from that group. They heard nothing. 

Out of the black hole and above the group of partiers became a swarm, maybe fifty or sixty of these flying creatures. They looked like the flying monkeys from the Wizard of Oz but they were bigger. Same expression on their face though, an open mouth demonic smile, and black lifeless eyes like those of a great white shark. There wings were very long, maybe a twelve foot span.  The crowd looked up as they gathered in the sky above them. They seemed worried for a moment, then went back to partying. The monkeys continued to swirl looking down at the crowd expressionless. 

The line kept on moving toward the overpass entrance, faster this time. Joshua could see a figure sitting in a lifeguard chair. He was hooded and was talking to the people entering the overpass. All of the sudden the creatures in the sky swept down and started hunting. There was still no sound. 
They swooped down and picked off the people one by one with their talons and then took them up in the sky then flew down the entrance to the overpass and threw them in the air above the heads of those in line. 

They flew through the air and then it was as if they were sucked downwards at the end of the tunnel. They all screamed like they knew what was happening. Joshua was now about fifty feet from the hooded figure in the lifeguard chair. 

Some people in the line turned and looked at him with a look of utter hopelessness. Joshua just stared ahead, he didn’t know what was going on either. He was going through the partiers now, and the monkeys continues to sweep down picking them up and throw them towards the ending of the tunnel. They flew through the air, looking to be in a lot of pain screaming and wailing but still there was no sound.

Joshua was now about two people away from the hooded figure. He looked up at him but could not make out face.  Just then he was right beside him.  Joshua could now hear everything, he could hear the party, it was loud and everyone was screaming. But the loudest screams were those being picked up by the flying monkeys and the monkeys were still expressionless picking them up in the air and throwing through the tunnel towards the end where they were sucked down towards the ground.

 Joshua then heard a “HEY,” from above. The figure in the lifeguard chair was now looking down at him. It was now his turn.  “Pay no attention to that group you are all in the same situation.” “Name,” the figure yelled at him. He looked up and said “Joshua, Joshua Cain.” “Oh let’s see hear the hooded figure said. “Oh yes Cain, wonderful name by the way, sent by Belial, a visitor he said with a chuckle.” “Wow we haven’t had a visitor in quite some time.”

“I remember the Nazarene came down for a visit once.” “We all made it quite known he wasn’t welcome.” “He made his way through the line picking out some people as we all watched, he lead his flock the other way.” “The rest of the crowd begged to go as well, but to no avail.” “They just begged for his mercy but could not move and the Nazarene would not look back.” 

“But anyways you are no savior Cain.” “You are just here for the ride.” “And believe me,” the figure said, “I will give you the full sense of your environment,” He said as a dragon’s head charged out from the head of the cloak with a huge smile on it’s face. It disappeared back into the clock and then the beast said move along you prick! 

The line kept moving, quicker this time. He was now entering the overpass. He saw figures on each side in the tunnel. They were just black silhouettes because they was only a very limited amount of red light emanating from the end of the overpass. 

Joshua looked ahead and now he could see a large well at the end of the tunnel. He saw the outline of a Primantis about a story and a half tall.  Some were jumping into the well. One guy even did a backwards swan dive off the edge of the well into the hole and flames emanated as soon as he was out of site. The black Primantis looked at Joshua with huge completely black eyes and then he heard and felt a pulsing sensation. Josh covered his ears but the pulsing did not go away. 

The pulsing faded and Joshua looked up and he saw he was about twelfth in line. But he was pushed forward and the line was moving up quickly. He looked up and to the left and the Primantis lunged backward, he was huge when you were up close. It raised his spike tentacle and impaled the guy right of Josh. The guy was half in the air impaled by the spear. He look down at Josh with a face of utter despair. 

And then the Primantis threw him violently and quickly into the well. There was a small fire burst but that was it. Josh stepped up to the well and looked up. The Primantis was staring back with those huge black eyes and they connected. Then the pulsing started again while their eyes were locked. This time about twenty times worse. Josh whole body started pulsing. Their eyes were still locked. The pain was intensifying. He looked beyond the well at the end of the tunnel and it was an empty void. 

There were light flickers in it just as if an old TV had just broken. Josh shook his head, then and was free for just one moment. He took two giant steps and leap for all his life into the well. On the way down he heard the Primantis screeching. 



Chapter 12

He fell right through the screaming and the intense heat below him. He was hurtling toward a rock floor. He then stopped and levitated. The rock floor opened up and there was some light that seemed to be humanlike. He floated down to another rock floor and looked up and he was facing Belial, only this time they were much closer to one another.  “So you saw the bad side, the transition from the living to the damned,” Belial started. 

“Believe me you’d be going there if you didn’t sign your soul over anyway,” he said with a serious stern look. “You ok my boy.”  Joshed chocked a little bit cleared his throat and said, “Just fine thanks.” “You won’t have to endure any of that on the day of judgement if you cooperate and serve the dark lord.” 

“Are you willing to sign your soul to Lucifer Joshua,” Belial said looking perplexed as if he didn’t know what Joshua’s answer would be, “So you can avoid this tragic eternity of burning, suffering and total helplessness.” “I am,” Joshua said, “as long as you fulfill your promises as well.” 

“Not to worry,” Belial said.  “Look over the terms and conditions handing him a scroll sealed with wax. Joshua broke the wax and unravelled the paper.” He looked over the document carefully. Everything was in place as discuss and there was already a signature at the bottom it said Lucifer in large cryptic letters. 

We will have to take Jade with us, she’s not going to hellfire but she simply cannot distract you on your new mission.  “But you will see her again, I promise you that,” Belial said. “How long do I have with her,” Josh asked as he looked at Jade. Maybe tomorrow, maybe not Belial said with a smile. 

“I’m pleased because I know this is killing you inside.” “I know you have never loved anyone so much in your life but get over it, it’s just for a short time and it’s for the best.” Josh looked into Belial’s eyes. Belials face lite up. “Nice, very nice, I can feel your hate,” he said with a big smile.

Josh stared with a scary look of hate. They locked eyes for about three seconds which felt like an hour and then josh broke the connection and looked away towards the cave wall.” If that’s the way it has to be, but I do love her.” “Love is for the weak Josh, women are to be used and abused.” 

“Josh you will have any woman you want, you won’t even have to pursue them they will come to you, just not Jade for right now.” “The Master believes she would be a source of weakness for you and would make you stray from the path chosen for you.” Joshua nodded and sat in the chair in front of the desk. Belial was in front of the desk and signed backwards to him. Joshua looked Belial in the eyes and Belial said with his sweet voice and a smile, “do not fear my boy, it will all turn out in the end.”

Joshua wondered for about another minute with Belial still grinning and his face glowing like he was angelic. He put the feather and ink to paper and signed his name. “We will be seeing each other sooner than you think Joshua.” “Astaroth then came up beside Belial and said, “my lord.” Belial looked at him and nodded and Astaroth signed as well. 

Then through the cave opening Crowley appeared in human form in a catholic priest dressing with blood smeared across the white collar and an upside down crucifix which looked to have feces on it around his neck with a big smile on his face and signed as well. “Best decision you ever made Joshua, you will have wealth and power beyond your belief,” Crowley said. 

He looked at Joshua with a small chuckle then disappeared again into the darkness. Belial smiled at Josh, turned and said, “I will be seeing you then friend,” snapped his fingers and jumped into the portal. 

Astaroth took a step back and looked at Josh and said “good choice, I’m proud of you.” He mounted the dragon and said, “we will be in communication soon.” He then turned the dragon and disappeared into the portal and then the portal imploded onto itself with Joshua and jade standing there with just the light of the lantern. Right away Josh felt there was something missing inside of him. “Wow,” Josh said, that was pretty intense. “You handled yourself very well,” Jade said, still crying and sniffling from the news. “I know good things will happen to you soon, Jade said.” “ I’ve never wanted a drink and toke so bad in my life,” Josh said. “Let’s get home gorgeous while we still have time together.” 

They gathered there stuff and started back to the car. It was pitch black now so they kept the lantern going to read the compass. Crowley was gone and wasn’t following them anymore. It was so calm and peaceful in the woods now. They made it back to the car and took off towards home. 


Chapter 13

They made it back to his place and Joshua cracked a strongbow and got the bong ready. Jade poured herself a glass of wine, smiled at him and said” light it up, lite it up.” Joshua put a nice piece of hash in there and some weed and they smoked and drank for a couple hours reminiscing about that nights events and there union up until that point.  “I’ll miss you more than any other person I have known,” she said beginning to sob uncontrollable. 

“I’ll will miss you more than anything too, I really do love you,” and he grabbed and held her and he did not want to let go.  They had been smoking and drinking for a couple of hours then Jade startled him on the couch, looked him deep in the eyes then sucked on his earlobe and whispered in his ear, “make love to me josh, I love you.” “I love you too,” he said. 

They went upstairs into the bedroom and they made passionate love like never before. When Josh came it was pure extacy and Jade came at the same time and she was screaming like a banshee. Josh then rolled over and said still panting, “Wow, that was great timing.” Jade nodded in agreement as they both tried to catch their breath. 

“We’ll deal with whatever the day brings tomorrow, I just hope we’re together still,” he said sadly. “Josh, I’m so scared to sleep hun, I don’t want to lose you, I just got you, now their taking you away from me.” “You mean so much to me now, you’re the only person in my life.” You know I don’t have any family, no real friends, no kids, you really are the only person in my life.” 

“We’re two soulmate misfits that the devil brought together and now we don’t have control of our own destinies,” Josh said. “Your my absolute best friend and lover, I hope we won’t be apart for very long.”

“We’re the best drinking and drugging buddies, he said with a laugh, who are there to accomplish one goal, to forget everything and make the pain go away.” “My life has meaning with you.” “Before there was such emptiness, now I’m going to have to go through that again.”

 “I love you so much,” Jade said looking in his eyes.  She kissed him softly on the cheek. There was a two minute paused while they thought about their situation, trying to come up with a way out but they knew there were none. “So what do you think, are they going to take me and keep me somewhere well you do what you have to do, or will I be here and you’re gone.”  “Josh I have something to tell you, it’s a little bit important. 

She paused again for about two minutes and started laughing and crying at the same time. “I’m sorry, I don’t know how to express myself when I’m upset as she wiped the tears away from her eyes.” “She put her head down and then looked up at him, “all I have to say is there is a reason why where so perfect together.” 

“But I can’t tell you till I see you again,” Jade said and then closed her eyes and started smiling. “And I know I WILL see you again Jade said, “It will either be in this world or,” she said so sweetly looking out the skylight pointing at the stars, “in some other dimension out there.” I know it will be here Jade, I know I will see you soon”. 

“You and I belong together.” “And when I see you again,” Josh said with a big smile. “We’re going to get married and have a bunch of puppies.” “Puppies,” she said laughing. “That’s just my stupid word for kids,” Josh said with a smile. “Let’s take a chance now and go to sleep and just hope we’re still together tomorrow, hope’s a pretty powerful thing.” 
“Ok,” she said starting to cry again.  Josh lied back in bed with a huge knot in his stomach. He was staring at the skylight and Jade grabbed him gently by the back of the head and turned his head so they were starring each other in the eye with no fear of either one of them pulling away. 

They both stayed like that for about forty five seconds. Josh just got mesmerized by her eyes and then started to see visions. Josh couldn’t make them out but he knew they were violent, very violent. He blinked and pulled away. 

She grabbed him by the back of the head and pulled him in again and gave Josh the sweetest most innocent kiss he had ever experienced. “Good night,” she said and with a frown on her face and sniffling and as she rolled over and curled up against him in bed.

 “I want to go down to the park by the water tomorrow, there’s going to be a free concert.” “And I want the real Joshua tomorrow so no drinking.” “That’s what we’re doing, it’s a done deal,” and she rolled over. Josh was having some tremors, a bit from the alcohol but mostly from his terrifying fear. 

Chapter 14

BANG, BANG, BANG…BANG, BANG. Jade woke and sat straight up, sweet pouring. BANG, BANG. It was the cupboards in the kitchen, they were slamming open and shut. She then heard a loud pig squeal. She looked up at the wall where the light was coming in from the street and saw the silhouette of Azazel, he was making obscene gestures with his tongue  and she could tell that snout and horns from a mile away. 

“YOU’RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HERE THIS SOON, GO AWAY,” she screamed furiously into the air. Another loud pig squeel. She turned and grabbed Josh to wake him. She didn’t know why he wasn’t awake already. He was on his side with his back towards her. “Josh,” she yelled and grabbed him by the shoulder. She pulled him over and he was on his back. When she looked josh had no face, just a blank piece of skin with the outline of a nose and mouth. No eyes. 

He stared with small convulsions and they quickly got worse. With no face with the body jumping up into the air with limbs flailing. The body flung upwards and hit the ceiling three times with loud bangs. Then the body floated down to Jade’s level the face turned toward jade. 

Josh’s face still looked like just skin but it now had eyes. Not really eyes but jagged holes in the face, but there was nothingness behind the eyes. Black, shiny black.  She saw a spec of what looked like a silver comet go through one of the holes. Jade was in a different dimension. She was caught with small pieces of her reality but the power flowed mostly from a different realm. 

She heard the squeel again. She looked up at the silhouette again and the silhouette of Azazel was smiling at her. Josh was sitting beside her in the corner of the room, no face but looking at her. He looked like a cartoon character but in the real world.

It was like watching a TV rerun over and over quickly. Jade had never been so horrified in her life. The cabinets started banking again quickly then they stopped suddenly. Squeeeel, she heard ringing in her ears and that the end of the squeal she heard “Jaaadddeee,” with a load screech. 

She was now looking around looking for any other way out. She saw nothing, Josh was still bobbing up and down. He now looked like a blur he was spasming so quickly. She heard something moving on their dresser across the room. As soon as she turned to look she was hit hard in the nose with the portable phone that was on the dresser.   She felt shooting pains shooting up into her blains. Her nose was seriously bleeding. She was bleeding all over herself. There was no sound in the apartment. 

Then she heard with a deep lifeless voice a long drawn out, “JADE,” but it was not an exterior noise. This was in her mind. Azazel was now in her mind. That cabinets started banging really hard now breaking the silent of the outside world. She heard two loud squeels form Azazel that ripped through her brain like a train wreck. 

She got up and grabbed some clothes from the kitchen, looked over at Josh and he just looked like a blur and he looked like he was turning into a black hole. She began to rush towards the door, the cabinets were just pounding in unison now it was so loud. She got to the front door and went through. She closed the door and all the cabinets stopped, and it seemed that the outside world again had no sound. 

Then the squeal in her head. It was so loud that she dropped to her knees and covered her ears as if that would help her. “Jade come on down,” Azazel said in his price is right voice. “There’s no way to fight this,” she thought just mentally giving up. “There is no way out unless I face him.” She started down the stairs and started praying with her voice but could hear nothing. 

She started praying in her head, “God, Lord Jesus please help me in my time of need.” “I realize I left you but I know I am a good person and I really need you now, she pleaded.” “What a feeble, pathetic attempt at salvation from a dead God,” Azazel said to her in her head. 

She reached the door and slowly went through, starting to sob. She looked up, and saw Azazel and he had two huge black dogs with him.” “You couldn’t let me have ONE fucking day with him,” she shouted but no noise came out of her. She looked at him again but he looked like a mirage about to disappear, but still there, just black figures in front of the red sky. Then in her head she heard “Shut Your Mouth You Filthy Sow.” 

“Do want another phone to the head because I can arrange that, GET OVER HERE,” he shouted with literally steam emanating from his body. She stood there stunned for a moment and thought, “is this the Really Real world, of course not.” “It’s not at all.” 

She regained her composure and started slowly towards them. They were on the other side of the street. There were no cars on the street. She felt and hear a gust of cold wind hit her. Then she thought she could hear audio but no sound yet. The sky was blood red. 
Then the squeel again it was high pitched but it wasn’t in her head. She could hear now. She was looking down again because she couldn’t stand the putrid site of him, but she looked up. As she got slowly closer and began to talk. “Why do you pray to that useless Nazerene.” “He hasn’t done anything good for over two thousand years.” “I consider him and his father dead a long time ago.”

 “You belong to us now my dear,” he said sweetly to her. She finally had reached him. The two dogs started walking away leaving the two of them. Azazel violently grabbed her head and pulled her in so they were pretty much face to face. He licked his pig lips again with his other hand which did look human quickly went down her pants and started fingering her vagina, then he brought his hand to his pig nose. He started snorting and sniffing. “Oh nice,” he said calmly and with a smile on his face. “You fucked him last night, I can smell.” “Well you are going to be very sexually active where you’re going with us,” he said with a childish giggle. 

Then he licked the blood from her nose with his snake tongue, with a satisfied look on his face. He smiled at her then again grabbed her by the back of the head and threw her by the hair in the other direction facing down the road. “Walk quickly now,” he snorted. She was wincing and trying to fix her hair. He was such a vile and disgusting creature. She then looked down the road and started walking quickly. There were still no people or cars on the street. It felt like the barometer had dropped so low, like there was a tornado was coming.  It was hard for her to breath.  

Up ahead on the left side of the road she saw a vacant lot between the houses on the left hand side. She walked even faster to get ahead of them a bit. Azazel shouted out, “take the path through the lot up over the hills and into the fire my dear.”  Jade thought he was talking about the blood red sky.   

Just then she heard from over the hills sounds of screaming. They were faint, but they were horribly tortured soulless screams. “Stop at the top of the mountain if you get too far ahead,” Azazel said. “The sheer horror of what’s over there will stop you anyways,” he said with that stupid smile again. She continued to walk ahead of them and followed the path like she was told. 



Chapter  15

The next day Josh awoke and rolled over to cuddle but Jade wasn’t beside him. He remembered what happened the day before. He put his head in his hands and started sobbing. “Not even today with her, that’s pretty cheap to take her the same night like that,” 

He didn’t hear anything in the night, he slept completely soundly. Tomorrow Wendy, by concrete blonde was playing on the radio he started listening to the lyrics, “I told the priest don’t count on any second coming God got his ass kicked the last time he came down here slumming, he had the balls to die and then forgive us no I don’t wonder why I wonder what he thought it would get us, hey, hey goodbye tomorrow Wendy is GOING TO DIE.” 

He didn’t just love Jade but he had a need inside of him that he had to be with her. It was an unnatural feeling. Josh fought it the best he could. Joshua’s hatred for God grew exponentially then. He saw God as weak, with no real power over anything. Not able to do anything for what is going on in the world “God didn’t save Jade from the evil.” He wondered if God ever did have any power on earth. It seemed that in his life evil was definitely the greater influence. God was just a fading figure in the rear view mirror.

“Fuck this sucks so bad,” he said to himself still whimpering. He got up took a shower and got ready, and he was off to the liquor store and his dealer. He was back at the house in about an hour and got right back into the drinking and smoking. About an hour later he got a call on his cell. He was half expecting it to be Jade with her new number. “Hello,” he said anxiously. 

A male voice was on the other line. “Hi can I speak with Mr. Joshua please.” “No that’s my first name.” “My name’s Craig Skiles, I’m with a company called DNL, you had forwarded your resume to us about two weeks ago.” Josh had been continuously sending out resumes for the past three months. 
He was really looking to get out of the bar scene. “I’ve been a little busy the past couple of weeks and I finally got a chance to look at your resume,” Craig said. “I’d really like to meet up with you Josh and discuss a position we are hiring for.” “I think you might be a good fit with us.” “Can you come in and talk with me tomorrow.” “For sure,” Josh said “what time would you like me there.” “How about two,” Craig said. “Sounds perfect,” Josh said. “Do you know where we are.”

 “Is the address on your website.” Yeah it sure is, or google map it,” Craig said.  “Oh, I’ll get there for sure,” Josh said eagerly. “Sounds good Josh.” “When you get to security downstairs, just let them know you have a meeting with me at two.” Sounds great Mr. Skiles, I’m looking forward to meeting you.” “Sounds good Josh, have a good night and I’ll see you tomorrow.” “Thanks, see you soon,” Josh said and hung up. 

“Wow,” Josh thought, this was happening a little too quickly. He got on his laptop. He went to DNL website. They were a progressive importing and exporting company. They dealt in fossil fuels, lumber, weapons parts and all kinds of food distribution. 

They were twenty fourth on the fortune Five hundred list of companies and where listed as one of the top fifty employers to work for in the US. Not too bad he thought to himself. Josh somehow thought because of the contract that this was going to work out whether the interview went well or not. He read the website and was fully impressed, then grabbed another Strongbow and the bong and started hard again on his substance abuse. 

He couldn’t keep jade out of his mind. It had been less than a day but he missed her so much. He ironed his clothes and watched TV for about another hour and a half and then passed out on the couch. 

Chapter 16

He woke up the next day with not too bad of a hangover and had a few Strongbow’s just to get a little of the dog that bit him into him. He left about One O’clock, it wouldn’t take him to long to get down there. He got to DNL at about one forty, got to the security desk and told them he had an appointment to see Mr. Skiles. They let him right through and said the office was on the forty third floor.  

He boarded the elevator and made his way up. He walked out of the elevator and the secretary looked up with a big small on her face and said, “Mr. Joshua very nice to meet you, Craig’s just finishing something up, he’ll be with you in a quick.” “I’m Sadie,” she said. She was an absolutely gorgeous. She was green eyed and had gorgeous long red hair. 

“Why do you all call me Mr. Joshua,” he asked her.  “That’s your name silly, she said with a big smile. “That what we’re calling you here anyways.”  He went to sit down She kept on looking over at him and giving him a quick smile. “Craig’s really looking forward to meeting you,” she said. “Same here,” Josh said. 
Craig’s office door opened. “Come on in Josh,” he said loudly. Josh entered the office and Craig said, “Have a seat sir.” He was a shorter man with glasses and blonde hair. “It’s great to meet you Craig.” “Same here,” Craig said. “Wow, you have a great view,” Josh said looking at the view of the bay. “Yeah, it’s not too bad at all,” Craig said. “So the job I had you in mind for you Mr. Joshua is junior director southwest operations.” 

”The senior director’s name is Brad Richardson.” “He’s a great guy, I thing you’ll get along well.” “He can show you all the ins and outs of the job when you come on board.” “He’s also retiring in six months so my plan is for him to groom you into his successor in that time.”  “It’s not rocket science, it’s pretty simple stuff as long as you stay focused and you look like a quick study.” “The position starts at 300000/annum.” “Does it sound like something you’d be interested in Mr. Joshua,” Craig said. “Absolutely,” Josh said. 

“To tell you the truth I was applying for a more entry level position but this is unbelievable.” “Well Josh, I’m not offering you this position based on your resume.” “We have some mutual friends that think you would be a perfect fit.” “Our friend Astaroth has nothing but good things to say about you, and when he speaks I listen,” Craig said. “He is my master just like yours, and we always take care of our own.” 

“All you have to do is do a good job for me and we will take care of you.” “Do you speak with Astaroth on a regular basis,” Josh said. “Just when the need arises, he’s a pretty busy guy,” Criag said smiling. “Belial is third in command down there Josh.” “Most never see him.” “I’m astounded to know he was there to recruit you.” “There is something special about you Mr. Joshua, and we are going to find out what it is, me and you,” he said with a trusting smile like he truly did care about him.  

“That’s another thing Josh,” Astaroth has asked me to bring you into our coven.” “He wants you to have a complete understanding of who you are now.” “We meet regularly on the first full moon of every month at the park where you met Astaroth.” “I will sponsor you into the coven.” “It’ll be a week before we meet again so there’s much time to talk about that.” 

“In the mean time you should take a look at this,” Craig handed him a copy of the Complete Book of Spells, Ceremonies, and Magic. “Study this for next week, try some spells and we’ll discuss it again at the Sabbat.  Focus on Choas and destruction Mr. Joshua.” “Sounds good,” Josh said. 

“So what is it Wednesday today, so Mr. Joshua why don’t you start on Monday that will give you time to tie up some lose ends.” “I can’t tell you how much I appreciate this,” Josh said. “Anytime my boy, your family now and remember we take care of our own.” 

“I’ll see you here eight thirty Monday, have a great weekend,” Craig said not looking at him and practicing his putting stroke. Josh smiled at Sadie the receptionist as he was leaving. “Looking forward to seeing you on Monday and at the Sabbat next week,” 

“Stick close to me at the Sabbat and ill treat you real well.” “I love fresh meat,” she said with an evil little giggle. “Sounds good darlin, I’ll see you next week.” As he was leaving the building,” the security guard said.” “I here you will be joining us on Monday, Mr. Skiles just sent down the world.” 

“Do you mind if we take your picture for the security badge.” “Not at all,” Josh said. “Do you need my last name,” Josh asked anxiously. “No sir, your Mr. Joshua when you’re here.” “Of course,” Josh said with a laugh. “Pop in before you head upstairs Monday and it’ll be ready for you.” “Thank you sir,” Josh said with a smile and walked out. “Have a good rest of the weekend,” one of them said. “You as well,” Josh said as he left the building with a big smile on his face. 

Chapter 17

He left the building and shouted “yes,” as he pumped his fist. He never thought something could happen like this in his life, and so soon. It was three O’clock and Sergei would be at the pub by now. He decided to go over and tell him he was leaving. He had nothing against Sergei, they were good friends and he felt guilty he would have to leave such short notice. 

He walked into the pub and there was the same 15 day regulars that had been for years. “To what do I owe this pleasure during the day sir,” you’re a night crawler aren’t you, “I got to talk to you for a quick Sergei, you got a couple of minutes.” “For sure, sir can i offer you a tasty beverage,” Sergei said ready to pour the Strongbow tap. “Absolutely,” Josh said “Step into my office,” Sergei said as they went and sat down by the pool tables. 

“Sergei I gotta give my notice,” Josh said, “Im so sorry man.” Sergei hung his head for a minute and said “I knew this was going to happen.” “You’re a big fish in a really fucking small pond Josh.” “Im going to be working for a big company that offered me six digits to start,” Josh said with a smile. “Holy shit,” Sergei said, you really hit the pot of gold my boy.”

 “I can only work up until Saturday night, I know you’ll find someone good, why don’t you bump Matt up into my spot.” “I think I’ll do that, I’m gonna miss you brother.” “Don’t be a stranger now that you’re the big corporate sucker.” ”I’ll say goodbye to the boys for you Josh,” Sergei said chuckling, referring to the fags. 

“Hey Sarah, could you bring over another pitcher of Strongbow.” “Sure boss,” she said. All three of them poured a pint and Sergei clanged Josh’s glass. “Cheers to brighter skies ahead.” “Yes sir,” Josh replied. 
“Well, I’m truly happy for you my friend, I’d say come back and see up but don’t show your face in here again,” Sarah said with fierce eyes, half jokingly, half not. “Your growing up now Josh, don’t look back,” Sarah said as she gave him a big hug. “If I see you hear again ill kick the shit out of you” she said, as they were both laughing and crying. 

“I’ll miss you as well,”Josh said. “But I got all your guy’s numbers.” “I’ll be in touch.”  “Not too many more before you go to work, I know you sir,” Sergei said. “Ill try not to.”   He finished his pint and left. “That couldn’t have gone better,” Josh said to himself. He jumped in the firebird and made his way home. 

Chapter 18

Josh finished off his last shift on Saturday and they had a great send off for him after hours at the bar. Even some of the regulars got to stay. It was endless Strongbow that night for Joshua and everyone eventually filed out of the place around five am. 

Josh stumbled out of the bar, half being carried by Barbie, one of the waitresses and she directed him to his car. Josh decided he would have to leave the firebird there for the night but it would be safe. “Barbie you’re the best for taking me home, I really appreciate it,” Josh said slurring. 

“So are you gonna come in for a few more drinks when we get there,” Josh said with a stupid smile on his face. “Sounds good,” Barbie said. Josh had always been attracted to her, a gorgeous redhead with natural red hair and huge tits and a tiny little waist and perfect ass. 

She had been in a relationship for three years but had broken it off with her boyfriend about two weeks ago. Now she was fucking everything that was good looking and showed her any attention. He spoke to himself in the car under his breath, “Astaroth, please let me stay hard for this one.” 

“Who are you talking to,” she said. “Oh no one, I was just babbling.” “So what happened with Dex,” Josh asked referring to her ex, and she kept on badmouthing him until they got back to his place. They got back to his place and then she helped him inside. Josh had a really nice bottle of wine, Grey Monk, late harvest 1993, and he uncorked that in honor of her presence and him getting his dick wet. 

Josh talked to Barbie about Jade, not getting into details about what happened but shed a tear when he talked about her. Barbie sympathized saying “it sucks when they just leave like that.” “I was in love with her,” Josh said wining, “but I gotta move on.” “Absolutely,” Barbie said as she moved over and started stroking him with a smile on her face. “I think we should finish this bottle and then proceed to the bedroom,” Josh said. She nodded still smiling. 

They talked about his new job for the next little while but Josh didn’t have too much to tell, he really didn’t know the job himself. Then they went up to the bedroom and got down to business. When they got to the bedroom, they started ripping each other’s clothes off. He went down on her and she squeeled and moaned. 

Josh was always good at that. She eventually sat up and pushed him over which wasn’t very hard and went down on him. It took about ten minutes until he was hard and then mat started missionary with her feet around her head and then asked her to get on all fours. 

Doggy was the only way he was going to cum. He had her by the hips and was pounding hard from behind. He lasted about six minutes and then came inside of her holding her hips and her ass close to him while he ejaculated inside of her. Mat then rolled over and passed out cold. “That’s it,” Barbie questioned Josh with no response from him. “Fuck,” she said and kissed him on the forehead as she got dressed and left. 

Chapter 19

Josh woke up the next day around three pm and his stomach was killing him. He could barely see as well but he could move very slowly. He wasn’t surprised Barbie was gone, just another woman who left him. He would probably never see her again because despite what he said to Sergei he had no intentions of hanging out at the bar. He had started a new life, this was a new beginning for him. He reluctantly took a shower and made his way on foot down to the bar to pick up the firebird. 

Thank God it was still there and he got in and made his way to the party store for another twelve of Strongbow. This would get him through the day. He went to the grocery store as well and picked up a roasted chicken and a potato salad for dinner. He should be ok for Monday as long as he ate and drank his Strongbow. He spent a leisurely day on the couch and watched the Giants game on TV. 

At around nine that night he ironed his shirt, got his black cotton suit out of the closet and tied his tie for the next day. He took a shower and shaved and it would probably only take him fifteen minutes to leave on Monday morning. He got to bed around ten thirty and had the best sleep of his life. He woke up at eight feeling good and got ready in about ten minutes and got on the streetcar.

 He got to the DNL building around eight fifteen and walked in. There was a bit of a line up at the security desk but one of the security guards waved him ahead. “Mr. Joshua,” he said, “hope you had a pleasant weekend.” “Here is your security badge and here’s an extra just in case.” “Go right through Mr. Skiles is expecting you.” Thanks very much Josh said walking towards the elevator. 

He made his way up to the office and Sadie was there with a big smile on her face and said “hello Mr. Joshua how was your weekend.” “Uneventful,” Josh said, “how about you.” “It was good, I didn’t get into trouble for a change.” “That’s always good,” Josh said and they both smiled.” Craig walked out and said “Hey Josh, right on time, I like that, come on in and meet Brad.” Yeah for sure,” Josh said as he entered the office. 

Brad stood up and shook Josh’s hand. He looked in his late fifties in an impeccable black suit. He had grey hair, black eyes and inviting smile. “Hey, very nice to meet you,” Josh said. “It sounds like we’ll be spending a lot of time together the next six months.”  

“Yes we will,” Craig responded, “we have a few things to go over before I’m gone.” “Please call me Brad, even though I’m retiring I don’t want to feel like an old man,” he said with a chuckle. “Not a problem Brad,” So let’s head down and I’ll show you your office. 

“There’s lots of computer passwords and email we have to get set up. “Let’s do it,” Josh said. They were in the elevator and brad said, “This isn’t too stressful a job Josh, once you’re in, your in.” “Just stay focused and I’m sure you’ll be fine when you take over for me.” 

“You’ll have to get on the phone with the tech guys and get everything set up.” Josh got to his office and Brad said, “The tech number is on your desk, give them a call and I hope I’ll see you in a couple hours.” “I hope it doesn’t take the whole day,” Brad said. Joshua got on the phone and four hours of frustration later he was finished. 

He went over to brad’s corner office and he was on the phone so he politely waited just outside the office for him. Brad finished his conversation about ten minutes later and waved Josh in. “Well that didn’t take too long,” Brad said with a chuckle, “thanks for your patience.” “I know it’s a real pain in the ass.” “So let’s get down to business,” He started to help Josh with analyzing the reports. 

“So you’re going to shadow me for the couple weeks and then we’ll make a corporate announcement that you’re on board and then you’ll start picking up some of my slack.” Brad was teaching Josh how to navigate through the back office tools and then it was time to go. 

“Well you look like your gonna catch on just fine.” “We’ll start again tomorrow.” “Craig wants to see you before you leave so just pop your head in before you take off.” “Thanks very much Brad, I’m really excited about this opportunity and being able to learn from you.” “Me as well Josh, we’ll see you tomorrow.” Joshua took the stairs up to the next floor where Craig’s office was. Sadie was there, “so how was the first day Josh.” “Great,” and Craig waved him into the office. So the Sabbat’s tomorrow. “I’ll swing by pick you up about 8 at your place.” “I have your address.” 

“Sounds good Craig, I’ll see you tomorrow.”  “You bet, Sadie’s really excited you coming,” Craig said, “You must have made a good impression.” “Nice,” Josh said with a smile. “Alright go home and take it easy we’ll see you tomorrow.” “Sounds good Craig, have a good night.” “Oh, I’ll be here for another three hours but thanks anyways,” Craig said chuckling. He walked out and Sadie said with a big smile “see you tomorrow sweetie,” and he smiled back.

Chapter 20

Josh got home at five the next night at five thirty and cracked a Strongbow. He had to be careful today he didn’t want to be too fucked up for tonight. He started to read the book of spells Craig gave him. He also had the encyclopedia of demons and demonology.

 He wasn’t actually going to try any spells today, just learn about the major Demons and how they could help him. His allegiance was with Astaroth, Azazel and most of all Belial. He felt power over his life that he never had felt before.  

He enjoyed the respect he got at work and from the other people in his life.  He started missing Jade again and wondered when he’d see her again. Might be weeks, months, years. But she had grown to be apart of him and he would never forget her and what she did for him.  He had to see her again but wouldn’t press it with Belial. Josh was looking at curses, he had no one he really wanted to curse, except his ex from a few years ago. 

She had left him for another man and she would get great pleasure by calling Josh up and mocking him because she was gone. She was an absolute whore. But he decided not to because he learned to put a curse on someone, everything could come back on you tenfold. 

It was about seven thirty, Josh got dressed and took a shower. He got one more Strongbow and slammed it down. He had actually paced himself pretty good throughout the day. It was five to eight and went out to the driveway for a smoke. He was getting really nervous. 

“New start for everything,” he said to himself. Then Craig pulled up in what looked to be brand new black BMW seven series. Craig was dressed in black and was on the phone and waved him into the car. Josh jumped in and gave him a nod and they were off down the hill, the city looked huge from that view.
 
Craig was really aggressive on the phone and getting really pissed with the woman he was talking too.  Josh had only known Craig as being nice to him so he was a little surprised. “Just do it,” Craig screamed as he hung up the phone. 

“Fucking women eh, when you can’t get along with then, next thing is to cut their fucking heads off,” and he and Josh both laughed.  “Listen, I know you’re nervous,” and slapped him on the thigh. I was too. Just remember you’re protected. 

“No one will know you in there.” “The coven tends to notice new bees, their actions give them away right away.” “But we’re there so no worries.” Asarroth and I have got some great expectations for you my son,” as he slapped his thigh again. “So a little birdie told me you signed your pack with Astaroth and Belial, you’ll have to give me the details.” Josh looked perplexed, then started to speak his condensed version. Right before the end of his tale. The two got to the park. “Man, I want to hear the end of that,” Craig said,” “but we gotta jet.”



Chapter 21

The Sabbat had started, it was in the same reservation park that they had be before and where he sold his soul.” Craig yelled, “come on,” and started running. He then held up for a sec as Josh started to running. “Here’s your robe, we’ll be sure to put them on before we get there.” ”Far enough,” Josh said and took off towards the fire. Craig chased and caught up with him. Craig was ahead of him and stopped and bent over and said “stop, stop, stop.” Joshua let up, bent over and started trying to catch his breath. 

He wasn’t in shape at all anymore. Craig threw the robe and rope at him and said, “Here my boy, put it on.” They just put the robes over their clothes and were tying the ropes around their waists. “Lets do this,” Craig said with a sly smile. Craig motioned to him and they both started walking into the crowd. 

 They got themselves together and started looking for Brad and Sadie. Craig was stopping every five seconds and addressing someone and making a triangle withe his two hands and then walking away. Suddenly Sadie turned around and said, “Brad, there they are.” “Josh, Craig,” Sadie shouted. Craig looked over, Craig was still talking to someone. Josh and Sadie hugged and she said, wow Josh you’re in for some fun. Brad shook his hand with a big smile and said, “glad you could make it.” 



Just then the ritual started. There were three men in robes on top of the make shift stage. There was an Alter. There was a severed goat’s head on the alter with it’s eyes cut out. There was a crucifix on the alter facing the crowd. They walked to the front and started spitting on the crucifix. 

One of them urinated on it and turned to crowd for a reaction and everyone started cheering. They returned to the front of the Alter. Just then two other men in cloaks lead a naked teenage girl out, maybe thirteen or fourteen. She was screaming and begging, “Please don’t do this, I want to live please, please don’t do this”.

The three men grabbed her as she struggled, and tied her down to ropes attached to the Alter. She was screaming and weeping “No, No please, I can’t die this way.” Then one of the men covered her mouth and then raised one finger to his mouth and she was quiet, undoubtedly understanding her fate.  The three took turns mounting her on the Alter and raping her, while spitting on her and slapping her. 

Finally the High priest grabbed a dagger on the Alter and began speaking. “Satan and all you’re minions, god and our master, we all hear you and know we have a place with you if we are obedient to you.” “We offer this sacrifice to you, she is a virgin, and we will feed from her in honor of your name.” 

At that point the crowd started chanting a demonic prayer that Josh did not recognize, so he stayed silent. The girl was still struggling with the ropes to no avail. The men were standing in a trinity with the leader in the front holding the dagger. He began speaking Latin, lifted the dagger above his head and jabbed it into her chest. Her head shot up but her body could not move. As she was seated upward he then took the knife and began to saw her head off with it. 

 This took a few minutes then when he was finished he cut the eyes out and placed them in a small black cloth and put them aside for himself.   He then bent down and started sucking on the blood than was left on her neck and what was coming through the head cavity he created.  Like dogs the other two started slurping up the blood from the puddle of blood beside her. After about two minutes her body stopped convulsing.

Chapter 22

Then the high priest took some of the blood and put it on the five points of the Pentagram on the floor of the makeshift stage as the blood sacrifice given to Satan. The three then took the head and body and tossed them to the crowd. Josh couldn’t see what was going on but the crowd swarmed to the body. Just then Craig and Brad grabbed Josh’s arm. 

“What are you guys doing.” “Don’t worry, it’s just part of the ritual,” Craig said. Sadie grabbed a dagger from under her cloak and Josh thought this was it, he was the second sacrifice. He tensed up and started jerking away but they and others in the crowd held him in place. 

Then Sadie looked at him, gave him a smile, and proceeded to cut his wrist vertically. “Don’t worry Josh, this is just part of the ritual.” He was bleeding pretty good now and Sadie lowered her head and began sucking ferociously on his wrist. She was done in about fifteen seconds then her head flew up and jolted backwards then she looked at Joshua with pure evil in her eyes and a big smile on her face. Then Craig walked up and looked at Joshua and put his head down and started feeding as well. 

His head flew up after about thirty seconds and he stumbled away reeling from the experience. Joshua thought that the whole group would feed on him until he was dead. His wrist was in a lot of pain. Then suddenly Brad came over and started bandaging his wrist with gauze and tape. “Don’t worry Josh, is over now, your one of us.”  

“We just wanted a little taste of you.”  “Your bloods very sweet,” Sadie said with a smile. Joshua grabbed his wrist after it was bandaged and couldn’t believe what had just happened. “Do you want me,” Sadie said as she took of her cloak and she was naked. Joshua had never seen a more beautiful female body. “Yes,” he said with a whisper. 

She got down on all fours and turned her head and smiled at Joshua. “Take me,” she said and Josh got down on his knees and took her from behind. As he was behind her she began giving Craig head and jerking brad off with her left hand. She took turns jerking and sucking between the two. Others in the crowd were having sex too. Josh finally climaxed with a great shout. 

Craig and Brad brought him to his feet and Brad said to Josh, “that’s it.” Sadie said with a big smile, “Wow Josh you were great inside of me, I’ll see you on Monday.” Craig grabbed Joshua by the arm and they started a slow jog towards the car. 

Chapter 23

Josh and Craig were on their way towards the car but said nothing to each other. The moon was full and cast light on them as they jogged through the woods. They finally got back to the car both got in and Craig started the drive home. Craig threw Josh a joint and said, “Hey, lite this up.” Craig was in no hurry on the road and he and Josh thoroughly enjoyed the joint. When it was finished Josh through it out the window and turned and Craig who had another joint in his hand. Josh lit up. 

“I know you weren’t expecting that with the vampire thing,” Craig said. “But that’s the rites you need to do too get in our group.” “You did really well, you didn’t freak out too bad, I’m proud of you.” “Astaroth is proud of you too, I know it.” “He will come to you again in time.” 

They talked about some of the other demons, and spells till they got to Josh’s place, just listening to the music, a little cross eyed. Josh got out of the car and looked at Craig. “Monday eight thirty sharp,” Craig said. He reeved the car in reverse. “Monday,” he said again with a goodbye salute and sped off down the hill. 

Things were pretty status quo after that. Josh went to a few other Sabbats with the folks from the office and he got to know a few other people a few of them powerful businessmen and politicians as well. He also has sex a few women from them, but it was just sex, his heart was still with Jade. 

They were heavy into evil, chaos and destruction, Josh new this because they all told him quite often.  But he wasn’t brain washed like them, he embraced the ideals of the coven but his soul was with Jade.  Josh still believed the demons couldn’t have his soul because it still belonged to Jade. He had everything the demons promised, wealth, power, prestige and woman but he was not close to satisfied because he wasn’t with her.  

He wondered when the dirty deeds will be commanded to him, it had been a couple of months with no contact. Josh found it strange but he never tried to contact them either. Josh went to work religiously and Craig always said something nice to him to show that he appreciated his work. Josh new he was doing a good job, the Job came quickly to him. 

Chapter 24

It was Friday about one thirty in the afternoon. Joshua was working away. Friday’s were awesome, everyone quit work at three then the big boss would come out with a drink cart, they would all have a drink or two and socialize. All the sudden Sadie called him. He picked up, “hello you beautiful man, when are we going out again.” “Let me know when your free and I’m up for it,” Josh replied.

“Craig wants to see you in his office.” “OK then,” Josh said in a puzzled voice. This was a strange request. He had been in Craig’s office all of two times since he started working. He often wondered what Craig did in there but really he didn’t want to know. Josh got up and headed to the office quickly. Josh got to the door knocked, poked his head in, “Hey, did you want to see me boss.” “Come in, come in Josh he said a little disheartently. Josh walked in to the dim office. “Have a seat,” Craig said. “Somethings happened.” 

“Jennings Worldwide Distribution won the bid from that huge contract from those exporters from Belgium.” “I’m real pissed Josh, that guy from JWD what’s his name.” “Dick Jennings,” Josh replied. “Dick, Rich, whatever the fuck his name is, this guy’s been a huge pain in my ass for far too long.” “Josh I need you to fix this for me.” “I don’t only want the contract, I want company too, and his wife to sodomize.” “So Josh do what you need to do, use your influence with our demonic friends, I want this guy destroyed.” “You got it Craig, anything you got planned I will do.” 

“Priority One,” Craig said, “I’d start working on this this weekend.” “I actually have a decent relationship with Dick,” Josh said, “we run in the same circles some times.” “I drink with him a lot of times at the yacht club down on the east side of the bay.” “I’ll take a trip down to pay him a visit tomorrow.” “I’ll set it up with him right now.” “I want this fucking dealt with by mid next week Josh, before the contract is signed.” “No problem sir,” Josh said with a smile. 

“Fuck this,” Craig started, I’m bringing the drinks cart out early today.” “Come let’s drink and be merry Josh, before your greatest task for me.” “Yeah Craig I’m on it, I’m just going to go call Dick and I’ll be out to mingle.” “Hurry back Josh, let’s get shitty drunk this evening.” “Yes sir,” he said with a laugh and walked away. In his office, he poured himself a nice half class of Lagavulin with a little ice and water and lit a big joint and got on the speaker phone. 

Craig didn’t know it but Dick was one of them. Dick was from another Coven Josh visited time to time. Josh figured it was always good to have friends that your other friends don’t know about. Josh dialed. It rang and Dick picked up. “Hello, could I please speak with Mr. Richard Jennings,” Josh said.  “Speaking,” dick shouted back. 

“Hey Dick, it’s Josh. “Have you meet any cocksuckers lately Dick,” Josh said laughing. “You see what I did dick, dick…..cocksucker, Ha Ha. “Yeah, you Josh,” “and you’re the biggest cocksucker of them all.” “Not nice Dick,” Josh replied. “What the fuck do you want Josh.” “I have to talk to you about something.” “So talk,” Dick said. “Come on Richard,” Josh said, “you know I can’t give such details over the phone.” “Our phones are more bugged than Michael Mancuso.”  “Uncle Sam needs to know about big business dealings, it’s making hordes of cash off the top earners before anyone else knows.” 
 “I know your listening in you fuck heads, Josh yelled in the phone at the phantom IRS agents,” “why don’t you all go and bugger your mothers,” Josh said with an evil voice. Josh had always thought that suggesting incestuous relations with one’s mother was the ultimate insult. 

“So what are you suggesting,” Dick said. “A tete a tete,” Josh said. “Where.” “Our favorite hangout.” “I thought we could suck back a few drinks and talk Dick.” “Oh wait Richard, I made another funny, Suck….Dick” he said laughing. “You’re a fucking idiot, you’re not funny fuck face,” Dick replied getting a little pissed. “Whenever it is convenient for you Richard but time is of the essence, it’s the deal of a lifetime for both of us.”

 “How about ten Sunday night.” “Then it’s a date Dick, I will see you then, have a good night.” “Fuck you shithead,” Dick said uninterested. “Oh and Richard, don’t go and trip on your massive penis tonight and hurt yourself,” Josh said laughing. 

“Eat my shit you fucking retard.” “What are you doing right now,” dick said. “Smoking some green caterpillar and drinking a Lagavulin.” “I’ll bring you some weed tomorrow,” Josh said. “Have a wonderful evening Richard.” ”Yeah whatever,” Dick cut him off and hung up. 

The trap was set. Joshua didn’t like fucking one of his own kind but anything to do the masters bidding. Josh thought I bet the Astaroth would be happy with him for fucking Dick over, it would be acting within his evil creed. 

Josh went out to join the party. Craig was already looking hammered and was head butting the other employees in the chest. Josh saw Sadie a little later and made eye contact. She seemed just a little intoxicated herself. She motioned with her fist and the tongue pushing out the side of her cheek and he knew she wanted to give him felacio. 

Josh was in agreement and he nodded to her and pointed to his office. She always gave the greatest head and Josh new after that he would fuck her violently from behind as he held her face down against the top of the desk. That’s just the way she rolled. They both loved it. They both started towards Josh’s office.
 
Chapter 25

He woke up the next day at four pm and his head was killing. He grabbed is forehead and collapsed back to his sleeping position. Sadie had just woke up and stumbled out of bed and was headed to the living room. She sat and snorted a really big line off the coffee table. She immediately turned around with a big smile on her face and asked Josh “What’s on for today.” Josh just remembered, “oh shit I gotta do that thing for Craig,” “What thing,” she said.

 “Remember that phone call for me from Craig yesterday, well I gotta do something for him.” “You’ll see what it’s all about next week, it’s a business thing,” he said. “We should definitely hang out next weekend though,” he said not wanting to offend her. “Sure,” she said not distressed.  I have to go out to see my sister anyways,” she said. “Thank you for the fucking of a life time again,” she said with a little giggle. “You’re like a monster inside of me, you’ve gotten bigger since you started fucking me.” 

Sadie slowly got dressed and drank some of Josh’s Strongbow.  “Ok see you Monday hun,” she said as she was finally ready.  She took her sweet time, it was now six. Josh waved bye as she left, then collapsed his head into his hands again reeling from the pain in his head.  He was hearing that intense shock waves coming from the huge black eyes from the Primantis in his hellfire vision.

Joshua needed to talk with Belial before he met Dick Sunday night. He had a little request for him. But he didn’t know how to contact Belial directly so he thought he was going to have to summon Astaroth to get to him. He needed a plan and to plan with the most devious intensions. 

He was heading into the drug store to get something for his head and this little blonde boy walked up and tugged his jacket. With the sweetest voice but a stern look he said, “you can meet Belial down where the Sabbats are in the woods.” “There’s a well at the northeast corner of the field, you’ll see it.” “The witching hour, three am sharp,” then the boy took off running. “That was definitely strange,” Josh thought, “the kid had short pants on and a little suit jacket,” he thought perplexed, as he walked into the drugstore. 

Chapter 26

Josh went home and had a few Strongbow’s. He set his alarm for one thirty and then drifted away in his bed. He woke up to the alarm blaring. He jumped in the shower to wake himself up. He got out the firebird about thirty minutes later. He lit up a joint and took off towards the woods. It was very windy but just a few clouds in the sky. The moon was huge and bright. 

He was again nervous about meeting Belial he was a little unstable to say the least. He made it down to the woods, cut through some trees to the clearing. It was cold with the wind coming in from the bay. It was a damp, bone chilling cold. He started searching around with his flashlight. He saw something it the corner of the field and he started towards it. Josh got closer it was definitely the well, he had never noticed it before.

He looked at his watch. 2:55 am. He moved closer to it. It was very old and sinister looking with stone blocks that looked that they were covered in black ooze emanating from the well hole. The night was completely silent as he moved in a little closer. He then started to hear very faint whispering coming from the hole. He got closer and closer. 

He could now see that the well was full to the brim with this black ooze and it was overflowing. The stench was unbearable. Josh started to cough from it and bent down to take a deep breath. He then could make out what the whispers where saying, “he’s coming , he’s coming, Belial coming, Beware, Beware.” He saw a few flies coming out of the ooze as he backed away a little. Then that second, “Bang,” an explosion came from the well. 

Josh flew back, his ass hit the ground first about ten feet away then the back of his head came slamming down on the hard ground. About thirty seconds later his head popped up and he shook it quickly. His vision was blurred but he saw he was covered in the black ooze. 

He looked up and saw the horse’s feet galloping, Belial’s chariot behind it and his long locks of hair flowing behind him even though he seemed thousands of miles up in the sky. The moon had now turned red as Belial’s chariot past by it which projected his image of him on his chariot into the night sky, defying the laws of physics. The image of his chariot and the horses ferociously galloping as they past the moon, casting an ominous shadow on the moon’s face.  

Josh stumbled to his feet and wiped to goo shit off his face. He heard the horses galloping from what seemed like thousands of miles away. “Fucking Belial, such a fucking Pre Madonna with his entrances, he’s like a musician for Christ’s sakes,” Josh said out loud, not thinking. Then a great fear came over him as he realized that Belial could heard every thought he had. He saw fog and a reddish gold light behind it at ground level. Josh new something really bad was coming.

He heard the sound of a freight train’s horn that was continuous and deafening. Just then Josh saw a horse’s head appear from out the front of the fog and, as if in slow motion, Belial passed him on his chariot and gave him the biggest backhand, the had a piece of steel he was wearing as armor on his forearm and had a jagged edge sticking out of it about five inches long. 

When the back of his arm hit Josh’s head it produced a giant gash in his forehead. He again flew back this time about eight feet and landed the same way. Josh laid a little longer this time. He stumbled again to his feet and screamed, “Fuck.” The blood was running heavily into his eye and as he began to wipe it out with his shirt. Then Belial descended again from the fog without his chariot, and the fog lifted. The moon was now shining its bright red glare down on them. 

Belial had landed and was about twenty five feet from Josh, with his beautiful gold armor and still flowing black locks and huge green eyes. He had a scary look on his face that was beyond demonic. He then began to walk quickly toward him. His head was down as he quickly approached as if he was levitating then his head raised, “I told you Josh. 

Belial landed in front of him and paused again. He then grabbed Josh by the back of his head and took off his cod piece with the other and said, “Open wide,” His face was right in front at Belial hugeness as his head was violently pulled in to perform felacio. Josh was hacking up spit everywhere. This lasted for about three minutes then Belial pulled out and walked away a bit.

 Josh fell to the ground mouth still open, saliva sputtering from his mouth as he hit the ground. He was down. His head was to the side as he started vomiting. After a few minutes he pushed himself up from the ground. His head was still bleeding from the gouge and his mouth seemed painfully stretched. 

He looked up and saw Belial silently levitating towards him all of the sudden and stopped for a moment. “I’m having a light evening after we’re finished here Josh, I think when I’m done with you I’m going to go and visit Jade.” “I know where she is you see, she’s in here with us.” 

“Yeah she’s a beautiful young lady.” “I’ve thought about buggering her myself, I think that might be coming up in the very near future.” “You wouldn’t mind would you Josh, me ravaging your fucking girl six days from Sunday.” “I’ll do it as a goodbye present from you,” Belial said calmly and without expression. 

“Fuck you,” Josh said whimpering because he know more violence was ahead for him and about the thought of Jade. “Not tonight Josh,” Belial said. “I’ve thought of some new plans for the rest of the evening. Before I go and visit you beloved, I think ll stop by your mother’s grave site.” “I’ll have her dug up  and make you sodomize her corps while Me, Astaroth, and Azazel piss and shit all over you two.   “How’d that be, eh Josh,” Belial said sternly. 

“Then I’ll skull fuck her eyeholes while the other two defecate on her rotting flesh and bone.” “I paint a pretty picture, eh Josh.” Belial then levitated right above him and came down with a mightly blow with his fist to Josh’s face. He was wearing armor on his hand as well and it was like getting hit with brass knuckles with maximum force, but added to this the fists, had barb wire with huge blades sticking out of them. Belial came down with two more furious blows. With blurred vision Josh saw Belial walking away, he turned his head and spit, Joshua’s head feel back unconscious.



Chapter 27

Joshua woke about ten minutes later mostly from the cold. He could barely see and he had cuts and lacerations covering his body. He couldn’t talk, he tried but it felt like his lips were falling apart. He looked and could barely see Belial’s chariot, with him looking into the coach about thirty feet away. He could not hear external environmental sounds, he was deaf. 

All of the sudden Belial’s voice entered his head, “wake up boy,” and he grabbed two things out of the carriage, then he turned to face Josh and slowly began to walk closer. “I warned you once before Joshua and you didn’t listen, you must always listen to what I say.” 

“The next time I get angry with you, you won’t wake up from it.” “And straight down there for the worst possible existence, you’ll be cast in with the sodomites.” “If you think that I am a Pre Madonna and are unimpressed with my entrances, fucking keep it well to yourself, don’t let your brain think that.” “Show some God damn respect to me I have the power over if you live or die and the type of existence you will have when you leave this shitty worthless planet.” 


Then Belial began to talk with seriousness. See Josh, it’s all about energy. When you filthy people die, you’re not physically here anymore but in a sense you are. Your energy continually exists to the point where you can move between astral planes and other dimensions and other parts of the universe.You can come back to this world through portals and vortexes. 
You can do this for a certain period of time, but you always end up in either one of two places. Most don’t get to this point, they stay in this world clinging to some regret or past love. Some stay to try and stop other’s from passing over. Others, the really evil ones, stay for revenge. Those souls are my favorite, Belial said with a smile.

How ignorant and self centered you fucking people are astounds me, but you really don’t know any better.” “You exploit your fellow species to the point of extinction. You’ve gotten to the point of destroying your own environment so that it is uninhabitable for even you, let alone your children. 

Mankind strives to be autonomous, to be his own god above his fellow man. Survival of the fittest Joshy, Darwin’s one of us you know. This can exist by gaining access to two things, power and wealth. I find this character flaw in human nature very attractive, but it is that of our own, so it’s not a flaw at all.

Mankind will do anything for their gold idle so to speak, all along pretending they belong to some religious faith. Something that can make them think they’re not that bad after all. You people don’t realize that your Gods don’t talk to you because they know that man is evil and beyond redemption. Autonomy is the greatest sin Joshua, Belial said with another evil smile.   

Man does everything to be above and autonomous from his fellow man. They want the others to be subservient to them and are most weary of their closest competitors. Just like lion clans, they are at the top of the food chain, but there is also the one alpha male who stands about the rest and leads. They want to have control over as many of their peers as possible. And getting the finest mate, to produce the finest children. Whether it be their wives, friends, business associates, man wants total control over and the admiration from the people in his world.
 
 There are so many politicians that are truly deviant and they are some of the first to burn when they die. They sacrifice the good of the people, and slaughter them to feebly try to keep their power and p

Look at Assad in Syria, he’s almost killed a million of his own people. He’s bombed his own country into a wasteland, absolute hell on earth, for the main reason to keep control of his power and his personal wealth. Absolutely no compassion or thought of his country. Did you know that modern day Syria was Ancient Babylon Josh? Babylon was not a very nice place Josh. 

It is a place your former God was not welcome. Assad’s a big player where evil is concerned, but with little power. Do you know who takes the cake Josh, it’s Valdy Putin. Terrorism has been around as long as religion has been here. But this man is the entire world’s true terrorist. He personifies the concept of evil and our ideals.  And he calls himself a president.

Even though communism has fallen, there is no democracy in Russia. All there voting is tracked and the people know that anyone who doesn’t vote for him, will be killed. Voting doesn’t matter anyways. He kills off as his closest political rivals, Belial said with a laugh. He lets his people suffer from the results of the sanctions the world has put against him, all the time he takes home around thirty billion a year through shady dealings and payoffs and any other types of corruption you can think of being the president of Russia.
 He actually had the balls to go and play a hockey game with a professional team and they let him score seven goals. He has the power of ultimate fear over his people. He’s a walking World War Three Josh. He could wake up hung over on the wrong side of the bed one day, stinking of Muscovite and end it all at any time, because you know he’s got that red button right in his bedroom.

 Legion can’t even predict him, but the war will happen whether the physical world ends or not. There would be a lot of energy displaced if it did. He won’t even suffer when he comes to us, he’ll immediately become part of Legion. 

It’s just the matter if he takes the rest of the world with him or not. Absolute corruption corrupts absolutely, Belial said with a chuckle. You could explain it as absolute narcissism. In essence, humanity’s goal is not to worship God, but to become gods themselves. 

Murder, lust, adultery, mutilation, anal sex and the desire to hurt people and watch their suffering, that instinct as a child when you don’t know what murder is but you have this feeling of hate inside of you that you just want to destroy the other kid. That moment when your vision goes blurry before you are about to strike the other kid. Those feelings are so primal.

 But these are mere symptoms of the disease which is autonomy. Humans, first of all recognize to protect themselves, which is why there is so much reliance on the parent in early years of life, they want people to help with their evolution. But once the human has achieved this goal of self preservation, the need for power and to dominate their fellow man and becomes apart of life’s ideal. To be recognized as the strongest and the best, to be the person everyone else wants to be becomes paramount.

This partly came out of the feminist movement and how males started losing control of major aspects of their lives. However society and your family has shaped you to be nice and respectful of women and to others, to have religious faith, this all goes against your primal instint. Men cannot take women being in power positions, it’s against the natural order of things. 

Just look at how pornography has evolved. It used to be about sexual freedom and making love and having sex to feel good. Sex isn’t about procreation anymore which was intended, its s about consensual rape and sodomy. This behavior makes me very happy. To inflict as much pain and degradation as possible to prove that the male is in control is what porn has evolved into. Sex as an expression of love is gone. 

The fags and their buggering were right all along Josh, Belial said laughing. This sex is so unnatural and wrong in God’s eyes, but it so fits with the master’s principals and sway popular morals and ideals in our direction. Porn’s almost a trillion dollar industry Josh. And UFC, it’s just taking your outright rage on another human being. I thought man would evolved beyond this by now but I’m so glad it’s still rage is still all the rage. 

There’s that satisfaction of beating another person down, to visualize and let the rage and hate out. It’s like a dog or cock fight, the ideal being dominating others and inflicting carnage and even death. And UFC is main stream Josh, five year old kids are watching this stuff now. Evil has its most influence on society in the present more than at any other time in history. Maybe except for the Bourgeois reign of power in the middle ages. Evil and chaos makes sense to people now. It is so obvious but humanity cannot see it. 

The greatest trick the devil ever did was to make man believe he didn’t exist Josh. There is a small portion that is not ignorant to all of this, they know the actions of the ponzi schemers, evangelists, murderers, political, sadists, bigots, pedophile are wrong, but they are fascinated by these people’s actions and why they do what they do. 

These beautifully hideous actions are relished. Evil’s greatest weapon in influencing the masses against good is man’s inherent character flaws which we do everything to exploit. We are winning Josh, and definitely be grateful that you are on the winning team. The war is coming soon Josh, literally the war to end all wars. 

Communism failed because it was innately flawed because of the ideal of autonomy Josh, Belial continued. It was no longer that everyone was contributing and everyone was on an equal level. Sure they might have status in society but do you think a doctor or politician wants to be making the same amount of money as a hole digger, it’s a joke. 

Capitalistic tendencies are part of humanities inherent downfall. We in the heavens were the same way. It’s incredible how we all start out with God’s ideal and in his image. We were high up in the hierarchy of angels a part of the dominions and lordships. We had ultimate devotion to our Lord.

 We believed in him truly, blindly and where taken to a higher state of consciousness for our complete submission to the Lord our God, Belial said with a snicker. Then there was a movement that began to develop. It was first just whispers, then we were talking about it out in the open. It was the idea of autonomy.

Our devotion to God began looking more and more like slavery. A major part of this was God’s fault, he was very complacent and though he did hear the rumors of this ideology, he feared no uprising. Instead, God took these angels ability to reason and there heightened state of consciousness away. 

This did not have the effect that he had intended. Without the ability to reason, the rogue angels could not see that the most reasonable thing to was to be devoted and to be protected by the Almighty. We didn’t care, we wanted God’s power. In the end there was anarchy, angels fighting the own over this ideal. Others in the hierarchy joined with us as well. The only way to win was to combine our forces and efforts toward the trinity. But there were many still loyal to God, led by Archangels Michael and Gabriel and many other casts in the hierarchy. 

The heavens rained blood for many days. After a fierce battle of brother verses brother, the divinity was eventually restored. And we the anarchists were brought before God for judgement. We were hoarded in one large group, and the other angels began to advance towards us we saw a hole open up in the sky below us. 

There numbers were too great and they just pushed us back, with spears and swords in hand, hacking and piercing any of us that would not move back. God watched as one by one we fell. We were cast down from the heavens. We fell for three days, Belial said. The first one to hit the ground was Lucifer, he was our leader, then Amon and then me. 

The hierarchy of the new underworld was categorized by who landed first, because who landed first were the greatest influences of the uprising. After the dust had settled so to speak, Lucifer took immediate control and there was no resistance. 

Lucifer stressed the power of the individual deity, but without a unified force there would be no strategic gains in this new order, and that is when legion was born. And the rest is how you say, history. We began to rape and plunder humanity, preaching the ideal of surviving of the fittest. That why we have so many on our side, we are the easy choice, the choice that produces results and that has a man take what he wants.

 We gave it to you Josh and it seems you don’t appreciate it none too much. It’s a trait you don’t possess Joshua. And your God does nothing, not able to deal with the fact that man has strayed so far. I will tell you this Josh, you will not believe me because you think I am a trickster, but the God you once worshiped is dead. HE COULDN’T HACK IT, Belial said loudly with a laugh. You’ll know this for yourself later on down the road.

 “Your right Josh said, I don’t believe you.” “Answer me this,” Josh started, “not too many people have actual contact and interactions with high ranking demons the way I do, do they,” he asked. “I must have something you and your master want or I’d already be dead.” Belial turned from the chariot and started walking towards him with objects in both of his hands. Josh could hear the external environment again, and Belial was out of Josh’s head and started talking to him. “Yes, your right Joshua.” 

“For a small percentage of your population this extensive greed and lust for power does not affect them.” “You are one of these chosen by God Joshua, that power and greed don’t have an effect on.” “And the fact that you came to us, legion, on your own free will was astonishing, but there where external factors we influenced that kind of lead you down the path towards us, such as your childhood and your family life that nasty priest and others things as well.” 

“We matched you up with the right people I guess,” Belial said with a chuckle. “And when you were introduced to Satanism, the stars aligned so to speak.”  He walked up to Joshua and threw a mirror that was in his right hand. Joshua saw a flask in his left. He fumbled for the mirror and looked in the mirror at his face in horror. His jaw was knocked right out of its socket. Where there were two lips they had split into four. There were major contusions in his head. He didn’t know how much longer he could endure the pain. 

Both eyes were puffed out and bleeding, there was just a sliver of an eye opening in his right eyes. Belial knelt down and took Josh in his arms and opened the flask and started feeding Josh from it. Most of it spilt on his shirt because of his lips, but he got most of it in. Joshua instantly felt that his lifeblood was coming back. He felt his injuries healing. He leaned forward away from Belial and began to stand and to wipe his face with his hands. Belial threw the mirror to him again. He looked and saw no wounds, no scares or blood. 

“You came to ask me about the vision of hellfire you experienced, use it on someone, true.” “Yeah, I got this issue at work,” Josh said still searching his head and body for wounds. “I need to do a little convincing with the competition and I thought showing him hellfire might do the trick.” 

“Yes, granted, Belial said, “but you might think of giving that power back to me when you’re done, you can cause a lot of damage to people with that.” They started to walk towards the chariot. “And Josh, you’re going to be taking some time off work, a couple of months off work, your journey of retribution so to speak,“ Belial said with an evil chuckle, “is about to begin.” 

“You’ll be meeting a friend who will help you with your adventures.” “I warn you not to take his physical appearance lightly, he quite high up with us.” “This is just how he chooses to manifest with humans,” then paused, “well at first anyways.” Joshua was freezing by now, the cold air from the bay was rolling through. Belial reached into the carriage and they Josh a jacket. “Oh yeah Josh,” Belial said. “He took his mirror again and held it behind Josh’s shoulder and held another mirror up so Josh could see.” 

Josh saw he had three large blood filled gouges on the back of his left shoulder. Belial got into the carriage and grabbed his whip. “I know you know what three stands for, it’s a physical sign of your  allegiance to the cause, and your mocking of all that’s good,” he said with a smile and then cracked the whip. The horses started galloping. The chariot hovered above the ground toward the well, slowly at first, then it shot upward then flew quickly down the well.

Josh stood for about ten seconds and took it all in, rubbing his head. They he turned and started back towards the car. He was feeling the back of his shoulder and felt the deep gouges and knew the wounds would never heal, or were they meant to. The three gouges were the ultimate fuck you to God, it symbolized the mocking of the trinity. Josh was almost to his car.

 It wasnow three thirty am and he couldn’t believe that everything that just happened only took a half hour. “Belial can just screw with the concept of time,” he thought. He jumped in the firebird and headed for home. He had to get some sleep and then get ready to meet Dick that night.  




Chapter 28

Craig got to the office early Monday morning. He was always early. A bit of a workaholic and an alcoholic. He grabbed a water and looked out at the Bay and wondered how many cargo ships down there were, or how many planes in the sky were DNL’s. He turned the TV on the wall to the Bussiness News Network and the gorgeous news anchor was talking about the CP-Norfolk merger. He looked down at the few files on his desk, few yeah right, the three would probably take four days a piece. 

Then breaking news came up on the screen. “Yes, we have breaking news coming through,” Pam said. “We’re going to go live to Greg Smith in San Francisco.” Greg came on, “thanks Pam.” “Yes, huge news from the city by the bay today.” “DNL has acquired all shares of Jennings Worldwide Distribution in a stunning takeover.” “Both companies are major players in worldwide inporting/exporting.” 

“Both are based in San Francisco but this is just there headquarters, these guys are global competitors.” “This deal will give DNL almost complete control of the market, making them a monopoly.” Craig was already standing up, and was jumping up and down and screaming “Joshua you bastard,” and yelling with elation. Greg came on again, “Yes Pam, and the most amazing thing is that this is a done deal.”  “Wow, this just came out of nowhere,” Pam said.  “It certainly did,” Greg responded. 

“The deal was consummated late last night we understand, and the papers were signed sometime early this morning.” “Richard Jennings was the sole stock holder of the company.” “He was an only child and took everything when his father Walter, a shipping mogul, died in 1995.” “Also amazing is DNL acquired them for thirty two billion which is much less than what Jennings worldwide was actually worth.” “Some analysts have speculated that company was valued in excess of forty five billion.” 

“This has sent DNL stocks through the roof trading at 110.00 dollars a share currently that is, if you can get it at all.” “Wow,” Pam said. “And what about that huge contract with HMI that was going to be signed with Jennings?” “That has already been sign for on by a representative for DNL so they will be reaping the profits on that deal as well.” 

“Josh you motherfucker, you did it, you did it,” Craig yelled, still jumping and pumping his fists. He tried to call Josh on his cell but it was off. He wanted to talk to someone so bad but it was only six thirty. He decided to go over and grab his muscovite and some orange juice and lots of ice.  “He poured a nice big drink and just enjoyed the moment with a big smile.” 

Joshua walked up the stairs to the DNL building at about quarter to nine drinking a bottled water. He didn’t think the news was out yet and he couldn’t wait to tell Craig. He got to the elevator and slide in just in time. The doors open and Sadie stood up, “Craig’s called three times now.” “He heard about the deal, pretty much everyone knows.” 

“That’s so awesome Joshua, go see him,” she said. He walked in and Craig was at his desk crying, he got up and walked over to Josh and gave him a huge hug, “how the fuck did you do it man, how the fuck did you do it brother,” Craig asked with tears of joy.” “I’d tell you but then I’d have to kill you, literally,” Joshua said giving him a hug back. 

Craig grabbed Josh by the back of the head and looked him in the eyes and pulled Josh in and kissed him on the lips. “I thought you were just going to get us the deal, not take over the whole fucking company!” “Josh we’re in control of our industry now, we control shipping, and flying, and whatever else we fucking do, brother.”

 “Nothing can take us down now, we are truly blessed by our lord Satan now my blood boy.” “We are fucking gods, fucking gods on earth,” Craig repeated. “Let’s not take it too far now my man,” Josh said jokingly. “No seriously,” Craig said, “I love you Joshua, how did you do it.”

“I don’t want to get into the particulars because of other unearthly powers that were involved but basically I showed him what true suffering looked like, without laying a finger on him, and saw an opportunity and took it,” Josh said with a blank half smile on his face. “Well you’re a God damn genius my friend,” Craig said as he flopped back down in his leather chair looking exhausted. 

“And I just got word from above your under leave of absence for the next three months.” “You become a god and now you’re leaving us.” “What do you mean from above, we’re on the top floor, Josh said being facetious.” “Don’t be a fuck head Josh, just take the vacation as well deserved and get back as soon as you can.” 

“This is the head office of the corporation Josh started, but I’ve never seen any outsiders in here and you’re the boss, so what the fuck.” “You know Josh I’m on conference calls all day in this office, with those parties.” “Those parties are quite elusive and ominous aren’t they, those that your dealing with?” “Yes Josh,” Craig said sternly, “just like the parties that you deal with exclusively and don’t disclose to me.”

“These elusive parties are making the decisions, and we follow orders just like the little worker bees that we are.” “Just know that all legion conspires toward the same goal, it just comes out through different outlets that are sometimes human and sometimes not.” “But my boy never doubt,” as Craig walks over to Joshua and grabbed his cheeks, never doubt that the universal message all comes from our dark lord.” 

“So don’t question Josh,” Craig then slaps his right cheek, just listen and do.” Josh pulled away, “yeah I already knew I was going away, I was told by one of my parties a few days ago, I was just wondering if you knew anything more.” “Get the fuck home, get the fuck out of here,” Craig said half jokingly, half not.

 “Are all the I’s dotted and the T’s crossed with those contracts,” Craig asked. “Yeah, no worries, everything’s all good, the deals are signed just needs the underwriting and signatures from you for any changes to be made.”  Other than that it’s a done deal.” 

“Yeah I think I can handle that,” Craig replied.  “So Josh, now go do whatever it is you need to do, but get the fuck out of here for the next ninety days.”  “We’ll miss you and come back safe my blood brother,” Craig said with a proud smile. “Have fun my friend and thanks again for this.” “Anytime my brother, anytime,” Josh said as he walked out the door. 




Chapter 29

As Josh was jogging down the stairs he was thinking, “I got the time off now, so when do I meet my new little friend, I’m guessing soon.” He got to the outer doors and was on the concrete platform down to the stairs to the street and looked down and saw about twenty five reporters down at street level. Also, there were news crew vans just parked in the middle of the street completely blocking traffic both ways. 

He started down the steps with a grimace going to face the inevitable. Josh hated people, let alone the media. On his way down he saw Michelle from the office at the bottom of the steps and the reporters had her surrounded and were all up in here face. Josh didn’t know why, she was order taker from the second floor. She looked up and saw Josh.

 “There you guys, there’s Mr. Joshua, word is he’s the one who got the deal done.” “I’m so sorry Mr. Joshua,” as the hoar ascended the steps to get to him, “It’s just I don’t know anything, and they wouldn’t leave me alone.” “It’s ok,” he shouted back, not blaming her at all. The reporters got up to him, phones, recorders and news cameras all in his face. 

“Sir, were you the one who negotiated the deal between Jennings and DNL.” “Yes, I did represent DNL in regards to that matter,” Josh replied. “Mr. Joshua, can you explain how the deal came about for the biggest takeover in U.S. shipping history, and how your company came out the most advantages by far and away.”

“Just lucky I guess,” he said to laughter. “Listen,” Josh said with a smile, I’m not going to discuss any of the details of the negotiations.” “Dick and I go back a few years.” “We started talking the other night about business and what made sense for both parties.” 

“Dick’s just not fond of the business anymore and he wanted to do other things for himself and his family.” “You have to respect the man for that.” “We settled on a fair price,” Josh said as he got laughs from the media. One of the reporters said, “fair price, you swindled the man, you got Jennings for nine billion less than market value.” “How did you do that.” 

“You people and whoever these so called appraisers are, don’t know what you think you know,” Josh started. “In a takeover there’s a ton of bad debt to be written off, labor that will be laid off that will save money in the future, but very costly in the short term.” “Also there’s the expense of getting Jennings buildings, ships and planes up to code, and there in pretty dire straits right now,” Josh replied.

“Also scrapping million dollar projects that Jennings was involved in that don’t fit DNL’s business model.” “All of these factors are involved in settling on a price,” Josh explained. “You have no conception of these expenses because they are not made public.” 

“What about the word from Vatican City today,” the female reporter asked. “The financial sector of the Catholic Church that runs its corporations and business’s will no longer deal with DNL Corp., for what they refer to as deviant, unethical, and illegal business dealings and commodities trading.” 

“They say they have proof of the shady practices, such as shipping everything from illegal ivory to large shipments of illegal drugs.” “They also accused DNL of being involved in illegal human trafficking and supplying dictators in Africa and the Middle East with weapons to wage war and perform acts of genocide on their own people.” ”Well ,well, well, isn’t that scandalous.” 

“I think that’s pretty funny, Josh said.” “Why is that funny Sir,” they asked. “Because I’m a Catholic,” Josh said as he took his wallet out, producing a business card. He got the card when he was at an AA meeting at a church, in another one of his fruitless attempts to get clean. He thought it was cool and he felt protected by it for some reason.

The card red, I am Catholic. In the event of an accident or serious illness, please call a priest. The Catholic Health Association of California. The media laughed when he held it up to them. “See this proves everything, I’m a good Catholic boy just like we all are here at DNL.” “We all go to church together,” Josh said sarcastically and they continued laughing.

“No, seriously I have never heard of any shady business dealings, or negotiating in bad faith or trading violations.” Josh was lying now, he never knew what Craig and those parties above him were up to. They could have been shipping Afghanistan’s whole gross domestic product for all he knew. 

All Joshua knew, because he was high up in the front office, was that were teams of associates at DNL that were in charge of falsifying contracts and documents and that the companies on the other end of these business dealings were all bribed very well, and they were sent the false proof of the transaction as well. “And if the church is referring to our new acquisition, how would they know anything about it.” “There was only Dick and myself in the room, unless they were looking through a peep hole in one of the pictures, I definitely saw no one else there.” 

“I have access to any records of transactions or contents of shipping deliveries just as you the media have access to these contracts just by contacting DNL public relations.” Joshua started towards his car that was waiting on the street, “I’ve had enough,” he said in frustration as he pushed the reporters in front of his car door away. 

“Please show some respect and let me go home to my family.” “Wait,” the female reporter said, “why do they call you Mr. Joshua here.” “I don’t know,” he said perplexed, “I do have a last name, that’s what they’ve called me from the beginning so I just went with it,” he said with a chuckle. Josh ducked in the back seat and the driver sped off down the road.

Chapter 30

It had been three days since the media hoard at work.  It seemed Joshua had a few days off while he was waiting for the appearance of his mystery friend. He had been trying to lay low. No one had called from work, I guess they knew not to. He had been trying hard not think of the whole satanic situation. But when you’re trying not to think about something, that’s when you can’t get it out of your head. He was still feeling guilty for screwing Dick, but then he finally thought how Dick had gotten off really easy after all. 

Firstly, he was still alive and he still had his family. And he also had thirty two billion dollars to play with now. That kind of money would get you ahead in any game he wanted to play. He was just upset about taking his family business, the business his dad had built from the ground up and for fucking him up mentally with the hellfire vision. 

He couldn’t get a look at Dick’s face when he was experiencing it. His expression must have been the same when he had seen it. Pure and utter horror. He remembered the vision vividly as well. 

“So eerie,” Josh thought. “Especially the car tunnel leading to the well and the giant Primantis, that was pretty fucked up.” But he was promised that he would not end up with that fate. He also couldn’t get Jade out of his mind as well. He loved her now more than ever and her absence just left him more and more depressed. It was true in his demonic pact, he could pretty much have any woman he wanted. He was always getting the come hither look, while he was out in public. Some of the girls would just come up and blatantly hit on him or give him their number. 

One girl even followed him into the washroom at the food court in the mall, dragged him into a stall stripped and said she was ready for him and started undoing his pants. Josh pulled his pants back up and politely declined. And these were very good looking, sexy women who were smart and morally loose as well. But every time he interacted with a female he could only think of Jade, he only wanted Jade.

 Sadie was so awesome because she never put pressure on him and they were always emotionally on the same page. She was someone he trusted to talk to and use for sex whenever he wanted. She always made herself available to him, day or night. And she would never say anything about whatever they talked about, even to Craig. He had even spoke with her about Jade. He had cried in front of her, but Sadie never judged him, she only listen and was sympathetic.

Lying low wasn’t going very well as Josh had spent the past few nights at the James Joyce shooting the shit with Sergei, the Irish Russian, and they actually had some meaningful discussions. They got into a really big thing about the plight of the Chechens and there terrorist war on Russia. He learned a lot from Sergei last night. He wanted to go take up arms with the Chechens and fuck Russia. 

Especially that fucking Putin, Josh kept on thinking “I’m going to get you Putin, you fucking bastard,” as he got more and more drunk. He was saying what he was thinking out loud again. Always dangerous. Especially when you’re shouting so loud the whole bar room of people heard him talking about his plots to assassinate the President of Russia. 

People were looking at Josh and shaking their heads. A very good example of why not to talk politics in a bar. Another lesson Josh should have learned was how to leave a bar before you are too drunk to find your way out.  “Well not tonight,” Josh said aloud to himself. He thought that talking to yourself is one of the great advantages of living alone.

He had woken up earlier with one of those hangover’s you can get rid unless you continue to drink heavily. He had woken up at six that night and he had been watching movies and smoking weed laced with a little PCP and drinking. 




Chapter 31

It was now about quarter to three am on the next day. He had consumed a magnum of wine, eight tall cans of Strongbow and had smoked for joints. Josh was feeling pretty good at that point. He headed out on the patio to smoke another one. He walked out, sighed and took a deep breath and stretched. 

Now Josh’s patio looked over a large revene that was in the middle of his neighborhood. It was a beautiful night a little cold but he was cold blooded so it didn’t bother him. He looked down on the revene and wondered if there was anyone getting raped or killed down there. There were some bad people in this city and Josh knew a lot of them. 

He walked back to beside the door where the light was, and lit up. Some of the trees had grown quite tall on the hill leading up to his place. Three of them had even grown higher than the patio itself. He coughed a little, the weed was really laced. He looked up at the sky. He could tell it was clear because the moon was full and shining brightly.
 
He then saw something moving in one of the trees that was above him. He looked and there seemed to be a small figure in the tree and something was moving. He moved in a few steps to get a closer look and all of the sudden the light beside his door shattered and exploded onto the ground, scaring the shit out of him. “What the fuck,” Josh shouted, there was nothing there to break the light and it was one of those solid LED lights that was supposed to last thirty years or something. 

Josh then heard something coming from the tree, it was a child’s voice singing. He heard very faintly from the tree a small boy singing, “hush hush hush, here comes the boogeyman, don’t let him come to close to you he’ll catch you if he can, just pretend that you’re a crocodile and you will find that boogeyman will run away a mile.” He stepped in a little closer. The moon was bright and he could make out the outline of a small person sitting on one of the trees sturdy branches. 

The figure was not moving except for one of its legs was swinging back and forth towards him. The outline of it’s head was staring directly at him. 

“Good morning Josh,” the small figure said. Josh thought he was hallucinating from the PCP, and walked in a few steps further. “That’s close enough,” the figure said. He could see a lot better now with the lights from the road. It was that little boy with the short pants and the little suit jacket that told him where to find Belial. He looked so Arian with his platinum blond hair and his big ice blue eyes.

 Josh was really high and drunk and was a really freaked out. “Hey, I know you,” Josh said slurring. “You’re the little tike that told me where Belial was that day on the street.” “What are you doing way up in that tree little guy, you’re going to fall down and hurt yourself.” 

The boy snickered and stated into his evil rant. You’re right Josh, I am small in stature, but remember how Belial told you that looks are deceiving. The boy in front of you is just an image your puny brain can process. My true image is inconceivable to you, your heart would stop and you would die at the site of me. There is ultimate power beyond your comprehension in this little body.

 My master is also your master, Josh. I have come to help you get your shit together and get your tasks done. I’m here to make sure that you follow the orders from Legion that I pass on you to the tee. My name is man, and don’t fuck with me Josh, or I’ll make the beating you took from Belial look like child’s play, man said with his tiny little voice.

You should have died that night Josh but instead Belial resurrected you, I don’t know how you got to consult with him, I don’t know how you got past Astaroth to tell you the truth. He wants you because you’re marked for salvation at the end time. He’s studying you and your kind to see if there is some kind of pattern were he can tell which of the humans will survive the apocalypse. 

This far, we have only found out that that about eighty percent of you are left handed which is unusual because left handed people only comprise of one in ten humans. The marked if you will, come from all walks of life and every continent and are every skin color and creed. Belial’s a curious fellow, he’s had a little side project going for the last ten thousand years on trying to understand the human condition and how they evolved. I don’t know why, you humans aren’t worth shit.

 I guess it’s the fact that humans are generally very predictable, but at the same time you can act so randomly and suddenly just lose it. Belial studies humanity’s behavior and also has great influence on society’s downfall as well. He is the chief of all devils. He is dedicated to creating wickedness and guilt in humankind. 

Belial’s name in ancient texts means without worth Josh. We are filth Josh, we are here to cause chaos and bring the down fall of mankind through the destruction of their values and ideals. Belial and our kind are known in the heavens as the adversary, the opposed. We are the complete opposite of everything that is innocent, pure and inherently good. 

We are the complete opposite of everything that is innocent, pure and inherently good. He’s higher up that me Josh and he has been apart of training me and my crafts, I guess as humans would say. He is the leader of the sons of darkness, he really is the high sheriff of hell Josh except for the Amon, Baal, and my master, that is.

Josh was swaying now and had a little smile, he was pretty intoxicated at this point, and he was trying hard to take it all in. “Joshua, I’m the chief emperor of the south and responsible for its demise, Lucifer controls the North. I rule over 200 great dukes, 400 lesser dukes, and 1,000,200,000,000 ministering spirits. “Well that’s a great resume little guy.” “Yes … Josh,” man continued. 

“So why don’t you do something good then,” Josh said. “Start a war in the Middle East, I know a big fucking meteor and tsunami should do the trick as well, or a big fucking earthquake.” “In time Joshua, in time,” Man said quietly. “And forget about Dick, that’s child’s play.” “We’re gonna get our hands and all of our parts bloody on this one Joshua, it’s going to be a bloodbath,” Man said in his tiny voice starting to giggle, which scared the shit out of Josh.

“Ok, this is a fun little game for us to get to know each other.” “Well I know everything about you, but you don’t know who I am.” “I know you have done some readings in demonology Josh, so tell me, what is my Demon name from the description I gave to you from before.”  “I don’t know, my little friend, the brain’s not working to well this evening, but I will give it a valiant effort when I get straight tomorrow.” “Well get that done before we meet tomorrow,” Man said with his stern little boy face. 

Joshua’s mind drifted from the conversation. He was used to these incredibly bizarre meetings now. He looked up at man, the moon was very big and bright above him and the sky was clear, it still made man look like a shadow. 

He just looked up at him and drunkenly and thought “well, aren’t you a nasty little shit, I’m going to come over and shake you out of that tree and spank your bare ass.” 

Josh was flying backwards again. He hit the wall of his house underneath the light hard. Josh was on his ass against the wall, “oh my fucking head, again with my head.” Joshua looked up and gave man a nasty glare. “OH Joshua,” Man was laughing hysterically, his little leg still swinging. “Oh Josh,” man started still laughing, “that mind and mouth of yours will be the death of you.” 

“So sober the fuck up Josh, get some sleep, we’re going to meet at the crack of noon to discuss some travel plans.” “And really Josh, PCP, people did that shit twenty five years ago, do you want to end up literally retarded.” “You already have a few to many vices, plus so many blows to the head isn’t helping,” Man said still laughing. “Try and save the few brain cells you have, Sporto.” 

“Man looked straight up at the moon and his childlike face illuminated.  He pushed himself off the branch, and gave Joshua a wink while he fell into the darkness.” Josh walked over and looked down, as he figured, just trees and hill. Josh was so tired and was used to these strange meetings. He went upstairs and slipped into bed with his clothes, still on grabbing to the back of his head. 

Chapter 32

Josh woke the next day and he was semiconscious for the first twenty minutes while he lied there completely still so frightened and sad about what he had done to Jade. Then the brain kicked in, “Holy Shit, what time is it.” He looked over and saw it was ten forty, and laid back down. This all still seemed like a dream when he woke up like this, but he knew that this was his reality and it was very, very real. 

“Oh that little shit wants me to find out who he is,” he said aloud as he flung himself out of bed. Even though eating was not a remote possibility at this time, he made his way to the kitchen to put the kettle on. He went to sit down then remembered he had to get his demonology encyclopedia. He had read it cover to cover and new that most of the really big boys where found from A-C. 

He went through them and read the major demons accomplishments, titles and contributions to human misery. He got to the beginning of C and thought he was going to have to go through the whole book Then he saw one that he had not spent too much time on and started reading. From what he remembered last night, those where the exact credential’s man was bragging about.  Man’s demon name was Caspiel. 

It says all of the Dukes of Hell are stubborn and churlish, But many attend Caspiel when he appears(citation) he read as he sipped his tea. “Sounds like a real peach,” Josh thought. He looked up and it was saw it was eleven thirty five. He made his way up to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, and jumped in the shower. He jumped out and got dressed in his khaki shorts, his hoody and his birk’s, and headed out to the padio for a smoke.

It was eleven forty nine so he still had time to enjoy his joint. He lit up and peaked over the edge, half expecting man to be down there early. He started pacing for a bit realizing that he must control his thoughts about the demons in their presence, or he didn’t fucking know what they’d do to him. Plus he would need to think critically, because Man would definitely want his input.

 Josh looked up through the tree at the bright sun, and then he saw man crawl through the haze and down the tree. He then paused for a minute and stood and balanced himself on his branch. Then he jumped over onto the padio and fell on his feet with his knees buckling like a gymnast. He then popped up and with a smirk on his face dusted himself off.

 “Wow Josh, your looking way more presentable than last night.” “”But Josh really, you couldn’t have been a little more dressy, look what I’m wearing,” as he looked down at his little suit with a smile. “Caspiel,” Josh said. Josh looked him in the face and said, “Your demon name is Caspiel.” 

“Very Good Joshua, I am impressed that you remember anything from last night you fucking lush, but I still want you to call me man.” “It kind of represents to me what humanity should strive to be, as we go to rape, pillage, and murder.” “I am the image of a child, innocent, pure, and vulnerable.” “Are you going to save me Josh,” man asked with a little laugh. 

“Come now Josh, were going to take a walk so you can clear your head and we can have a discussion.” Josh followed man up the stairs beside the hours and down the driveway, where he so wanted to jump in the firebird and get the fuck out of there, but he knew that wasn’t a possibility. “Where are we going.” “The park at the bottom of the hill.” 

“Tell me something Joshua, what did you really want when you sold your soul.” “I know you said what basically everyone else says.” “I didn’t want to be lonely anymore, I wanted to be with Jade forever and I thought this was the way,” Josh said honestly. “And you wanted to know that if she did leave, which thinking of was so painful for you, that you would always have someone else that would be provided.” “I also wanted people everywhere to recognized me and they would be in admiration and awe of me, thinking I was such a great person.” 

“Wow, and you just wanted this admiration even though you knew that you had contributed nothing to society to warrant such admiration.” “Yeah, pretty much that was the idea,” Josh responded. “Umm, where’s Jade and how is she,” Josh said sadly and almost to himself. “I’m not sure where she is Josh, I’m assuming she’s fine,” man responded. “There were no big plans for her that I heard of.” “What I can guarantee you Josh is that you will see her again, there’s no question of that.” Josh felt so happy. 

They entered the park and they looked around. There we’re a few couple with kids but it was mostly single mother who came to socialize and talk while there kids played together. And then there was those couple of guys in track pants and the hats and sunglasses. “If there was a uniform for a pedophile that would be it,” Josh thought. 

“This priest is in San Diego, the one that raped you.” “That’s what Belial told me, when I signed my soul over.” A mother came walking by and said, “Oh well, isn’t that boy darling,” “those big eyes are ice blue,” “I’ve only seen that once before, and that outfit.” Man was looking up at her unimpressed. “Oh thank you so much,” Josh said while dragging man along. “He’s my precious little boy, aren’t you.” Josh continued. Man gave Josh the stink eye.

“I want to leave tonight,” Man he said looking up at Josh. “I want to get settled and let you sleep.” “It’s Sunday tomorrow and I want to be there for when he participates in mass at eight thirty.” “What time do you want to leave,” Josh asked. A different women came running at them “oh my God, holy shit, where did you get that outfit for your boy.” Man hissed at her and Josh quickly grabbed him by the scruff of the collar, “don’t touch me you nasty hag, or I‘ll rip your God damn tits off,” he said. 

That stopped her in her tracks. “Om my, what did your boy say to me.” “Sorry about that, he’s been sick and a little anxious lately.” Josh then changed the subject. “Yeah, you know where we got it, we were visiting our relatives in England, and I actually picked them up at a thrift shop in Liverpool.” Josh meshed Man’s little hat and hair up. Man looked up and gave Josh the stink eye, as Josh pulled him along. “Have a good day,” Josh shouted back at her.

“This is ridiculous, I gotta get the fuck out of here,” man said. “Do you know how many nice women I could pick up with you under different circumstances,” Josh laughed down at man, and then he thought of Jade again and that shut him up. “Focus Josh,” was Man’s only reply. What time tonight,” Josh repeated. “Be ready for three thirty. 

“We’ll do the priest quickly because I want to get to L.A. to start on the next guy.” “There a very short time line for this Josh,” man continued. There was a cab parked on the street at a break in the fence. “Let’s head toward the cab, I have to go deal with this thing downtown, be in the car waiting at three thirty.” Man opened the door and crawled into the backseat, “57th and broadway,” he said in his tiny voice, the cabby looked back and did a double take. 

The cabbie looked up at Josh, “No, No, No, I won’t be responsible for this child.” Josh reached in his back pocket and gave the cabbie fifty dollars. “Hey listen, have you ever seen on TV,” josh started, “those little people that just stay little and they look like there still like five years old.” “Yeah,” the cabbie said scared, “I have seen that, it’s pretty freaky.” “Yeah well he’s sixty four years old,” Josh said looking down at Man, “Look at the way he’s dressed.” Man was innocently smiling at the cabbie. “And If you don’t take him down there he’s gonna sue your ass for discrimination.” “Yeah my friend, I don’t need no trouble, let’s go little guy,” the cabby said as Josh closed the door. He flagged his own cab to take him back up the hill to his place. 

The rest of this book is available on Amazon.com, Barnes and Noble, The Book Depository, and thousands of other online book distribution sites.  Just go to any site and search by title, The Fate of Humanity: A Demon’s Perspective. The electronic version is less than five dollars.  Many thanks for supporting a first time author.  Cheers.

