
The Damned

An Extreme-Horror Short Story.

An excerpt from the book Splatterpunk, book three in the “A Glimpse into Hell” series.



By
Wade H. Garrett
The Damned

Tim Murray opened his eyes and glanced at the clock.  It was 3 AM.  He eased his head up to see if his wife was asleep.  When he noticed she was snoring, he became aroused.  He softly spoke in her ear.  “You awake?”  Excitement overcame him when she didn’t answer—he was hoping she was asleep.  He eased his blanket off, then slowly got out of bed, being as careful as possible not to awaken her.
Something caught his eye as he stood next to the bed; the moonlight was shining through a window, illuminating his reflection in a mirror that was hanging on the wall.  He wasn’t happy with the person he was looking at, and it seemed as if he was staring at a stranger.  He was now in his early thirties, his red hair receding and his face showing signs of aging.  It seemed like it was only yesterday when he was in his twenties and full of life; now he was getting old, and that sucked.  He smiled as he admired his new mustache, thinking how he should have grown it a long time ago, then he frowned when he noticed his medium-sized beer belly. 
His penis began to harden with anticipation, causing him to lose interest in his reflection.  He looked at his wife and quietly asked, “You awake?”  When she didn’t answer, he could feel his penis growing larger in his pajama bottoms from the lust that was building up inside of him.  He asked again, “Are you awake?”  Still no response.  She seemed to be in a deep sleep, indicating that she had taken a sleeping pill.  He was now fully aroused.  
He tip toed to the bedroom door and eased it open, then closed it quietly behind him.  He slipped through the darkness like a thief in the night.  He could feel the butterflies building in his stomach as he stood at another bedroom door.  He knew deep inside what he was planning was a crime against God and nature, but he had done it for so long that he was now numb to it—his desires had overtaken his humanity.  The door squeaked as it closed behind him.
Fifteen minutes later he slipped back into bed.  His heart was racing as he laid next to his wife, worrying that if she ever found out about his transgressions, his life would be over.  Fuck it, he thought, it would be my word against theirs.  And it’s who I am, so why am I feeling guilty?  It’s not my fault I was born this way.  Relief overcame him as he comforted himself.  His eyes became heavy and within no time he fell asleep.
Tim awoke abruptly, feeling nauseous and lightheaded.  The sun was up and it seemed exceptionally intense, forcing him to squint.  He must have overslept, he thought.  Everything was blurry and he could only see shadows.  A strange feeling overcame him.  Something wasn’t right.  He was cold and his legs felt numb.  When he sat up, he noticed he was nude and his body felt stiff.  He rubbed his eyes to clear up his vision.  What the hell, he thought, I didn’t drink last night.  Suddenly, the numbness in his legs changed to a burning sensation.  He became confused when he found himself on a stainless-steel table.  His lower body was covered with a blood-stained sheet.  He jerked it away, revealing a horrifying sight; rows of fishhooks lined the insides and outsides of his legs.  Each hook was connected to a steel wire, and the wires on the insides of his legs entered holes that were running down the center of the table.  The wires on the outsides of his legs ran off the sides of the table.  The wires were very tight, causing his skin to be stretched outwards in a gruesome manner.
He was still lightheaded, but his vision was quickly coming back, allowing him to see further.  Horror overcame him when he realized he wasn’t in his bedroom.  He looked up and noticed the bright light wasn’t from the sun but from some lights above.  When he looked to his right, he noticed there were six more stainless-steel tables with people on them.  The tables were lined up side by side with about three feet of space between them.  Four men were awake and sitting up.  They had already removed their sheets, and their legs were bound in the same gruesome manner.  A woman on the far end was starting to come around and she seemed as dazed as he was.  One man was lying down, possibly still asleep, or maybe dead, he wasn’t sure.  He reached out to the men who were sitting up and yelled out in a raspy voice, “I need some help!”
An older, heavy-set man that was next to him spoke.  “Just stay calm.  The effects will wear off shortly.”
Tim could barely hold his head steady.  He felt like he had just gotten off a merry-go-round.  “Effects of what?  What are you talking about?”
“We were given some type of drug.”
“Given what?  Why?  I don’t understand.”
“Just try to remain calm.”
“Who are you?”
“My name is Henry.  I woke up in here just like you did.”
“I feel strange…  I can’t think straight.”
“You’re still lightheaded, but it will wear off in a little bit.”
He leaned over the side of the table and vomited, wiped his mouth with the back of his arm, then looked at Henry.  “Where am I?”
“Not sure.  Like I said, I just awoke shortly before you did.”
He noticed Henry was nude and around sixty years old.  He was also big, around three-hundred pounds.  He was bald on top, but the rest of his hair was very long and unkempt.  He had a long gray beard and his body was covered in gray hair.  He looked like a sasquatch.  Tim looked around for a moment, then back at Henry.  “I don’t recognize this place.  Where are we?”
“I’ve already told you, I don’t know.”
“You must know something.”
“I’m sorry, son, I don’t.  Like I said, I awoke myself just before you did.  About an hour ago.”
Tim noticed the other three men were sitting up and talking to each other.  They were on the other side of Henry and the man that was still lying down.  He pointed towards them.  “What about them?  Do they know what’s going on?”
“No.  None of us do.”
Panic-stricken, Tim began shouting, “I need help!  Anyone here?  Please help me!”
One of the other men yelled out, “Hey!  Calm down.  It’s no use yelling for help.”  
Tim eyed the man as he grimaced with trepidation.  “Someone must know something.  I need some help.”
Aggravation washed over Henry.  “I told you to keep calm.  You’re upsetting the others.”
“I’m sorry, but how can everyone just sit and do nothing?”
“We haven’t just been sitting with our thumbs in our asses.  We’ve all yelled for help.  No one is here except for us.”
Tim leaned forward to grab his sheet so he could cover his privates, but something jerked him back.  He noticed there were metal bands around his wrists, and chains ran from the bands to his neck.  He grasped his neck, finding a thick, leather collar.  He felt around it to see if he could remove it, but it was secured with a pad lock.  He looked at Henry and noticed he had one too.  The collar appeared beefy and covered most of his neck.  It reminded him of the bondage style collars he’d seen in pornos.  He noticed a chain was secured to the back of his collar, and the other end was connected to the end of the table behind him.  “Why are we chained?”
“I don’t know.”  Henry grabbed his collar.  “But the damn thing is too tight.”  
Tim noticed the room seemed very large.  In fact, he couldn’t see any walls or the ceiling due to the darkness.  Only the area around the tables was lit with high bay lights.  “We seem to be in a large building of some sort.”  He looked at Henry.  “Do you at least have a speculation as to what is going on?”
A fearful expression overcame him.  “All I know is, I want to get the fuck out of here before something bad happens.”
Confusion washed over Tim.  “Bad?”  He glanced at his legs.  “How much worse can it get?”
“Have you not looked around?”  Henry pointed to a machine that was sitting on a track system.  “I don’t want to stick around to see what that’s going to be used for.”
Tim noticed the machine supported a large saw blade, around three feet in diameter.  “We must be in an old saw mill or something.”
“I don’t think so.  I’ve worked in one before.  This equipment is different, and the way everything is laid out, I think it’s intended for us.”
“Why would someone want to do such a thing?  There’s got to be another explanation.”  Tim noticed some ducts.  Each person had the open end of a two-inch pipe right above them.  The seven pipes ran to a steel junction box that was mounted around twelve feet from the floor.  From there, a single pipe ran to a large glass hopper that was on the other side of the tracks.  He pointed to the piping.  “Check out the pipes.  It looks like a dust collection system.”  He noticed numbered signs were hanging above each table.  He was number one, Henry was number two and so on.  “This equipment isn’t meant for us; it’s used for some type of production.  There were probably some type of hoppers or containers under these pipes.  Someone just happened to put these tables here.  We just have to figure out why.”
Henry shook his head.  “I’m glad you’re optimistic, son, but I’m afraid you’re wrong.”
“Stop calling me son.  My name is Tim.”
“Listen, I’m not the bad guy here.  No need to be snappy with me.”
“Sorry.  I’m just worried.  Something bad must have happened and I need to find out what.”  Tim thought for a moment, then his eyes grew huge as medallions.  “I know.  Maybe there was some kind of disaster that has happened, like a terrorist attack or something, and the government had to use any buildings that weren’t damaged for makeshift hospitals.”
“That wouldn’t explain our legs.”
“Maybe we all have the same type of injuries and they grouped us together for treatment.”
“Those kinds of thoughts have run through my mind as well, but there is no medical reason to do this to our legs.  It’s fucking barbaric.  And the collars around our necks, being chained; that tells me we’re being held captive, possibly for some type of torture.”
Tim shook his head, rejecting that as a scenario.  “No way.  You’re mistaken.  We’re just here for treatment or something.  No one would want to harm me.”
“You’re just in denial.”
“No, I’m not.  This is all explainable.  This is just a makeshift hospital or something.  Someone will come around eventually and explain what’s going on.  You’ll see.  Just wait and see.”
“If this is a makeshift hospital, then why are we all on top of stainless steel tables?  That alone points more to my theory of being held captive.”
“Maybe it’s all they had.”
“Do you think these tables already came equipped with these knives?”
“What knives?”
Henry pointed to the side of Tim’s table.  “You have a knife hanging beside your table.  We all do.”
Tim noticed there was a knife hanging by a cable.  The other end of the cable was secured to the top of his table.  He pulled it up, then stared at it.  “What the hell is this?”
“It’s a skinning knife with a gut hook.”
“I know that.  It’s just weird that it’s hanging off the side of my table.”
“Exactly.  Now look what’s hanging off the other side.”
Tim pulled up a pair of pruning shears.  They were the single-hand operated type.  He closed and opened them a few times, then he noticed his name was engraved on the handle.  “What the fuck?”  He looked at Henry with a confused look.  “My name is written on these.”
Being sarcastic, Henry popped off, “Maybe it’s a different Tim.”
“It’s my full fucking name.  Timothy Ray Murray.”
“Still think we’re in a makeshift hospital?”
“I don’t know what to think, but there has to be a rational explanation for all of this.”
A stocky black man with a bald head on table four had been listening to Tim’s conversation with Henry.  He spoke up as he held his hands over his genitals.  “Listen, dude, we’ve all tried to come up with an explanation.  Unfortunately, there is some evil shit goin’ on, so we need to find a way to get the fuck out of here before whoever did this returns, so you need to listen to the fat guy and stop thinkin’ everything is fuckin’ peachy.”
Tim shook his head.  “I can’t accept that someone is planning on harming me.  There is a rational explanation for this.”
“You’re just in denial, like the fat man said.  I went through the same shit when I first woke up.  We all did.  The fact is, we’re in a real fucked up situation.”
Aggravation swept over Henry as he glared at the black man.  “Screw you, Charles.”
“What the fuck you say to me?”
“Stop referring to me as the fat man.  I’ve already told you my name is Henry.”
Charles grinned.  “Yo man, don’t get yo’ panties in a wad.”
Tim noticed Charles was muscular, covered in tattoos, and he sported a gold grill that glimmered from the bright lights.  “Hey, back to what you were saying.  I think you are just trying to fuck with me.”
Charles laughed.  “You just can’t grasp the fact that some crazy motherfucker, and probably a crazy white motherfucker at that, has yo’ ass bound on that table so he can fuck you up some mo.  He’s probably gonna cut off yo’ dick with them snips, then he gonna do some real fucked up shit to ya.”
Henry shook his head.  “There’s no need in scaring him any further.  None of us are sure what’s going to happen or why we’re here.”
Tim exhibited a worried expression as he gazed at Charles.  “Why do you think someone wants to harm us?”
“First off, look at our fuckin’ legs.  And don’t tell me it’s medically needed.  No fuckin’ doctor would do such a thing.  And no sane motherfucker would secure us with rusted chains and these creepy-ass collars.  The fat man is right; this shit is barbaric.  Some sick bastard has done this.  And that equipment over there is fo’ us, so you better get yo’ head out of yo’ ass and start tryin’ to figure out a way to get the fuck out of here.”
“You don’t know if that machine is for us.  You’re just jumping to conclusions.”
Charles pointed.  “Then what’s all those bags of blood fo’?”
Tim noticed everyone had a rack behind them.  The racks held numerous bags filled with a red substance.  He looked over his shoulder and noticed there was a rack behind him as well.  “Why is that a bad thing?  We probably lost a little blood during our procedure or something.”
“Are you bleeding now?”
Tim examined his legs.  “No.”
“Do you see a lot of blood around your table?”
“Not really.  Just some dry blood on my legs and some on the sheet I was covered with.”
“Does it look like you bled a lot?”
He shrugged his shoulders.  “Not really.”
Charles sarcastically popped off, “Then why in the fuck do we each need ten large bags of blood?”
A feeling of apprehension washed over him.  “Uh…  I don’t know.”
“I do.  Some crazy motherfucker is planning on cutting our asses up with that saw.  And that blood is going to keep us alive as long as possible.”
“You watch too many movies.”
Charles shook his head.  “And you’re just another clueless white boy that grew up in a sheltered neighborhood.”
“And you’re just an ignorant hood rat.”
“Hood rat?  Fuck you, cracker!”
“No, fuck you, you…  you fucking….”
“Come on, say it, if you got the fuckin’ balls!”
“You…  You fucking piece of shit.”
“That’s what I thought; just another punk ass bitch.”
Henry interrupted.  “Hold up!  Arguing and calling each other names isn’t going to help any of us.  None of us know for sure what’s going on, but I also think this is something bad.  Something real bad, and we need to get out of here as soon as possible.”
Tim didn’t want to accept that as a possibility.  He frantically looked around for some kind of answer.  Relief overcame him when he noticed that the plastic hoses coming from the bags disappeared under the tables.  “I don’t think the bags are connected to us.  The hoses run under our tables.”
Charles leaned over as far as he could to see where they were going.  “Maybe the dumbass is right.  They do disappear under the tables.”
Tim peered over his shoulder, searching for a hose, then looked at Henry to see if he had a hose connected to him.  “I don’t see any hoses.  I don’t think they connect to us.  Maybe the bags are filled with something else, like hydraulic fluid or something.  You know, maybe for the tables.  They could be hydraulic.”
An older Spanish man on table five spoke up.  He looked like the actor Edward James Olmos.  “Those aren’t hydraulic lines.  And unfortunately, they are connected to us.”
Tim glanced at him.  “How do you know?”
“Because I know the difference between hydraulic hoses and plastic tubing.  And besides, I know how the hoses are connected to us.”
“And?”
“The tubing comes out of the tables where our chains are connected. Then it’s intertwined with our chains up to our collars.”  He felt inside his collar.  It was loose enough where he could slip in two fingers.  “I can feel the hose.  I think it’s connected to a catheter in my neck.   I can also see part of the hose hanging out from under Jason’s collar.”
Jason was on table six.  He was a lot younger, bald with a long goatee and covered in tattoos.  He had been sitting forward with his head down while crying quietly to himself.  He looked at the Spanish man.  “What did you say?”  He quickly found the hose, then he tried to reach between his collar and neck, but it was too tight.  “Oh shit!  Is there a needle in my neck?”  He began to panic.  “Can someone get it out?  Oh my God!  I can’t stand needles.”
The Spanish man shook his head.  “You fucking serious?  You’re worried about a needle when you’re covered in tats.”
Jason glared at him.  “Fuck you, Joe.  This shit ain’t funny.”
“No shit, Sherlock, so stop acting like a bitch.”
“You’re an asshole.”
Irritation engulfed Tim as he glared at Joe.  “Why in the fuck are you just now telling us this?  How much more are you holding back?”
“I’m not holding back anything.  I just figured it out when y’all started talking about it.”
“You’ve been awful quiet over there, like you’re guilty of something.”
“I’ve been meditating, dickhead.”  He pointed to his legs.  “And how in the fuck could I be guilty of something when I’m bound just like you?”
“I think you’re a fucking liar.”
“You need to watch your mouth, boy”
The woman on the last table, table seven, erupted into tears as she began wailing.  She appeared to be in her mid-thirties, sported an average build, long blond hair, and fair skin.  Henry yelled at Jason.  “Calm her down.”
Jason turned to her.  “Ma’am, please stay calm.”
She raised her hand, palm out, as she covered her breast with her other arm.  “Leave me alone.”
“It’ll be okay, ma’am.”
“Stop calling me ma’am.  I’m not your mama.”
“Then what is your name?”
“Beth.”
The person on table three began stirring around.  He exhibited the characteristics of a heroin addict; skinny, unkempt hair, sores on his face and needle marks down his arms.  When he saw his legs, he immediately began screaming at the top of his lungs.  The man’s outburst triggered an emotional response from Beth, provoking her to wail out for help.  As Joe and Charles yelled at them to calm down, the chaos frightened Tim.  Without thinking, he started cutting at the wires with the knife that was attached to the cable in an attempt to free himself.  The violent jerking was causing the hooks to tear his skin.  Henry shouted out.  “It’s no use!  The wires are made of stainless steel.”
Tim glanced at him, pausing for a moment.  “What?”
“They’re stainless steel.  You’re not going to cut them with that knife, or the shears.  All you’re doing is causing yourself pain.”
He stared at his legs as his heart raced.  “Then I will cut out the hooks.”
“It’s no use.  Even if you could overcome the pain, your chains will prevent you from reaching all of them.  Your knees are about the farthest you’ll be able to reach.”
His eyes opened wide.  “Oh my God!  That’s why we’re chained.   Someone doesn’t want us cutting ourselves loose.  We are being held captive.”
Charles started laughing sarcastically.  “You finally caught on, dumbass cracker.”  Then he began clapping.  “Congratulations.”
Fury swept over Tim.  “Screw you, spook.”
Charles laughed again.  “There we have it folks.  The racist finally showed his true colors.”
“I ain’t a fucking racist!  You called me a cracker first, so you’re the racist.”
Henry belted out to get everyone’s attention.  “Listen up!  If we’re going to get out of this, we need to work together.” 
Joe agreed.  He seemed to be a calm and rational person.  “He’s right.  We need to ask each other questions to see if there’s a connection.  I’m Joe by the way.”  He nodded towards Jason.  “Jason and I were the first to awaken, then Charles.  We had already discussed the possibility of what’s going on before the rest of y’all woke up.”
Tim looked over at him.  “And?”
“Possibly a ransom thing.”
“That’s stupid—I don’t have any money.  And if that was the case, why would anyone do this to my legs?”
Joe shrugged his shoulders.  “I don’t know.  It was just a thought.”  He glanced at Henry.  “Do you have any ideas?”
“It can’t be a ransom thing—I’m on a fixed income.  Outside of that, I don’t know.  I haven’t done anything to deserve this.”
Joe eyed the drug addict.  “What’s your name?”
He could barely speak.  “Ryan.  And I don’t know shit.”
Frustration rivetted Tim.  “This is bullshit!  Someone must know something.”
Holding her head down as if she felt ashamed, Beth muttered.  “I know why I am in here.”
Tim glared at her.  “Don’t just fucking sit there.  Speak up.”
She sported a solemn expression as she looked at everyone.  “You must have all done something.  Every one of you.  This is karma.  It’s payback for our sins.”
Jason shook his head.  “That’s bullshit lady.  You don’t know me.”
Charles exclaimed with a defensive response.  “I haven’t done a fuckin’ thing to anyone, especially to deserve this shit.  So don’t you accuse me of a gotdam thing.”
Ryan’s hand was trembling as he timidly raised it.  “Me neither.  I haven’t done anything to deserve this.”
Tim glared at Ryan.  “Then why you acting so nervous, shaking and all?  You must have done something.  Maybe we’re all in here because of you.”
“It’s withdrawals, asshole.  Don’t blame me for this shit.  Maybe you’ve done something.  You just look guilty.”
Tim thought about what he had been doing, knowing there was no way anyone knew.  “You’re wrong.  You don’t know shit.”
“I know that you look like a fucking rapist.  You must have raped someone.”
“Screw you!”  Tim had a pit in his stomach as he eyed the others.  “I’m a good person.  I’ve never hurt anyone.”
Beth laughed sarcastically.  “You’re so full of shit, dude.  You know why you’re in here.  You’ve done something bad to someone.  Real bad.”  She looked at the group with a solemn expression.  “We’re all damned.”
Everyone became disorderly, blaming each other for their own predicament.
The Vigilante’s Bitch

A man came walking out of the dark as everyone argued.  “Hey!  Y’all fuckers need to shut the fuck up!”
Caught off guard, the room became quiet as everyone stared at him with uncertainty.  He was a normal looking man, around forty years old, medium height, sported a large beer belly with a round face and chubby cheeks.  He donned a blue hospital gown, gray sweatpants and white high-top shoes.  A red beer hat was on top of his head, but instead of it holding cans of beer, it held IV bags filled with a greenish liquid.  Hoses ran from the bags to each side of his neck where they connected to catheters.  
Filled with rage, Tim exclaimed, “Did you do this shit to me?”.
The man pointed at him.  “I said shut the fuck up!  I’m here to….”
“You need to let me fucking go right now, you motherfucker!”
Following Tim’s lead, everyone erupted into anger and began shouting profanities, insults and demands.  The man seemed to be in pain as he eased over to Tim.  He stopped at the foot of his bed, then held up a pair of pruning shears.  “Interrupt me again and I will start snipping off your toes, you loudmouth prick.”  The man eyed the others in the group.  “And that goes for all of you.”
Tim noticed the shears were the exact model as the one hanging on the side of his table.  At that moment, he knew the man was responsible for his captivity, but reframed from speaking.
Not frightened by the man’s threat, Ryan clenched his fists as he shouted in anger.  “What the fuck, dude!  You have no right doing this to me!”
The man strolled over to him, stopping at the end of Ryan’s table.  “Are you fucking retarded?  I said be quiet.”
Ryan eyed the beer hat.  “Is this some kind of fucking joke?”
“I’m not in the mood to listen to your shit.”
“I don’t give a….”
Before Ryan could finish his sentence, the man snipped off two of his toes with the shears.  He had done it in such a half-ass way, it appeared that he didn’t care how many he cut off.  The amputations were even done on an angle.
Horror washed over Ryan when he noticed his pinky and forth toe were missing.  “What the fuck!  Why would….”
“I said shut up!”  Again, being sloppy with the tool, he carelessly snipped off two more toes and severed half of his big toe.  
Ryan’s horror morphed into anger as he eyed his bloody stumps.  “Oh my God!  Stop cutting off my fucking toes!”
The man grabbed Ryan’s big toe, then bent it in the opposite direction of the cut.  As soon as the bone created a loud snapping sound, he started twisting it.  Within seconds, the remaining skin tore, then he pulled back, stretching ligaments until they popped like rubber bands.
Slobber spewed from Ryan’s mouth as he bellowed out in rage, “You sorry motherfucker!  You’re going to pay for this!”
The man hurled the severed toe at Ryan, striking him in the face.  “I said shut the fuck up!”
“Fuck you, asshole!  You cut off all my toes!”
“No, I didn’t.”  He pointed to his other foot with the pruner.  “You still have those.”
“Get the fuck away from me, you sick son of a bitch!”
He moved the pruner to his other foot.  “Not another peep, or bye-bye big toe.”
Engulfed with rage, Ryan tried to reach the man, but the chains limited his reach.  “You sorry fucker!  You’re going to pay for this!”
The man cut off his big toe and index toe in one motion.  “Keep talkin’ and see where it gets ya, pal.”
Ryan couldn’t believe his eyes as he gazed at his bloody stumps.  His anger quickly shifted to panic when he realized he was at the mercy of a crazed maniac.  “I’m sorry!  Please don’t cut off anymore!  I beg you!”
When two more toes fell into the pile of toes on the floor, the man moved the pruner to his last toe.  “One little pinky left.  Open your mouth again and it’s gone.” 
 “Okay, okay.  I’ll be quiet.”
After his pinky toe fell to the floor, he moved the pruner next to his crotch.  “Your dick is next.  I dare you to say something again, you hardheaded prick.” 
Ryan remained silent outside of his muffled whimpering.  After witnessing the barbaric spectacle, no one in the group attempted to make a sound.
The man tossed the shears on the table by Ryan’s feet, then asked, “If it was, would it be funny?”
Ryan just sat staring at him while tears ran down his cheeks.
“Now you can speak, fuckhead.”
He looked confused.  “I…  I don’t understand what you’re asking?”
“You asked if this was some kind of joke.  So, if it was, would it be funny?”
“I…  Uh…  Not sure what you mean.”
“Never mind.”  
Joe raised his hand.  “Sir.   We’ll cooperate with you.  You don’t have to do that kind of stuff.”  He nodded towards Ryan’s feet.
“Listen, fuckers, I just want to get this shit over with so I can go home.  I was….”
Tim blurted out, “Get what over with?”
He shook his head.  “I was in the process of telling you, dipshit.  Do you need a pedicure too?”
“I’m sorry.  I’m just upset.  Please continue.”
“Upset about what?”
Tim motioned to his legs.
“Oh, that.  I’d be pissed too.”
“Why did you do this to me?”
“I didn’t.”
“Then who did?”
Everyone else was staying quiet as they stared at the psychopath.  The man flipped over a five-gallon bucket that was sitting next to the tables, then eased down on top of it.  He seemed to be in a lot of pain.  Joe was the most level-headed out of the group.  He knew he needed to establish a positive relationship with him.  “Sir.  You look to be hurt.  Is there anything I can do?”
“Yeah.  Don’t be a suck-ass.  Your cop bullshit isn’t going to work in here.”
Everyone looked at Joe.  Jason glared at him.  “You’re a fucking cop?  Why didn’t you say that earlier?”
 Joe snapped back.  “What the fuck does that have to do with anything?”
“It makes a big….”
Charles interrupted.  “Y’all fuckin’ chill out!”  He looked at the man.  “Dude, why the fuck am I in here?”
“First off, don’t call me dude.”
“Sorry, dog.”
“Dog?”  You better talk to me like you got some sense.”
“Yes, sir.”
“And don’t call me sir—I’m not your fucking daddy.”
“Then what do you want me to call you?”
The man gritted his teeth as he softly said, “Elmer Fudd.”
Tim leaned forward until his chain stopped him.  “What was that?  I wasn’t able to hear you.”
The man seemed angry as he shouted.  “Elmer Fudd, asshole!”
“Okay, okay.  You don’t have to get upset.”
Joe knew they were at the mercy of a crazy man.  He needed to gain his trust.  “Sorry if we upset you.  And yes, I am a cop, but you’re the one in charge.  We will do whatever you ask.”
“Listen.  This isn’t of my doing.  I’m just here to explain what’s going on.  And stop fucking patronizing me—I’m not an idiot!”
Beth laughed.  “Then stop acting like one, Elmerrrrr.”
He glared at her.  “What did you say to me, you crazy bitch?”
“Screw you, asshole!  You’re the one wearing a silly ass beer hat and going by the name Elmer Fudd.”
He stood up.  “Have you lost your fucking mind?”
Joe couldn’t believe what Beth had said.  He glared at her.  “Shut the fuck up, bitch.  You’re going to get us killed.”  He looked at Elmer.  “Don’t pay any attention to her.  She’s not rational.”
“Oh, I’m plenty rational.”  She looked at the men.  “Y’all need to grow some fucking balls and stop sniveling like a bunch of little bitches.  Look what this piece of shit did to us.”
Everyone started freaking out in one way or another; Jason, Joe and Charles were arguing with Beth, Ryan was crying hysterically, Henry looked as if he was going to have a heart attack and Tim was cutting at his wires.  
Elmer walked over to a control cabinet and pressed a button.  Everyone became quiet when the large blade on the saw started turning.  At first, the electric motor made a deep humming sound as it slowly spun the blade, and as it picked up speed, the room began to fill with an ear-piercing whirling sound as the saw blade cut through the air.
A few seconds later Elmer shut off the saw.  When the blade stopped, he looked at the group and laughed.  “That definitely got y’all’s attention.”  He pointed at Beth.  “And if you say another word, I will cut out your fucking tongue.”  He looked at Tim.  “Look what you’ve done, dumbass.  The fat man already told you it’s stainless steel wire.”
Tim had ripped out several hooks from his legs, causing large gashes in his flesh.  He had a troubled look as he stared at the open wounds—there was very little blood, and it was thicker than normal, almost like molasses.  “Why aren’t my legs bleeding?”  He looked up at Elmer.  “What have you done to me?”
“You’ve been given a clotting agent.  All of you have.”
Tim was scared.  It seemed his legs were dead, but he had feeling in them.  “That can’t be it.  Clotting agents don’t work like that.  They help clot once there’s bleeding.  I’m only oozing thick blood, like it’s old or something.  You must have done something to my legs.”
“It’s not just you.”  Elmer pointed at Ryan’s stubs.  “He didn’t bleed much either.  Didn’t you notice that when I cut off his toes?”
Charles looked scared as he stared at Ryan’s feet.  “What the hell?  How is that possible?”  He didn’t understand why there wasn’t blood everywhere.  It should have gushed out of his stubs, but there were just a few thin trails of dried blood.  His open wounds had somehow quickly clotted.  He could even see the dark red clots that had formed over the open ends of the stubs.  
Ryan was horrified.  “Oh my God!  I noticed that too, but thought it was due to the wires stretching my skin.  You know, like slowing down the blood flow or something.”
Joe shook his head.  “That’s impossible.”  He looked at Ryan’s legs.  “You must have tourniquets around them.”
Elmer became aggravated.  “He doesn’t have tourniquets.  I’ve already said it was because of the clotting agent.”
“Tim is right.  Clotting agents don’t work like that.”
“It’s not the same shit like at the hospital.  It’s a homemade blend.  And y’all have been pumped full of it.  And I mean full to the brim.”
Tim was worried.  “Is that safe?”
“I doubt it.  I’m surprised none of y’all haven’t already died from a blood clot or a heart attack.”
Tim looked as if he was going to cry.  “Oh my God!  Why would you do something like that?”
“Stop blaming me.  I’ve already told you I didn’t do this shit.”
“Then who did?”
He looked at the group.  “Have y’all heard of the Angel of Death?”
Tim nodded.  “Yes.”
“He’s the one that did this.”
Joe knew Elmer was referring to Seth Coker, also known as The Angel of Death.  He had been a notorious vigilante that the cops and FBI had been after for decades.  Two years ago, the FBI had tracked him down to a house in Oregon.  The house exploded and burned to the ground with Seth inside.  They recovered a body and ruled the remains were that of Seth Coker.  Joe knew Elmer was lying and possibly a copycat killer, or just plain psychotic.  “That’s not true.  He was killed two years ago by the FBI.”
Elmer pointed at him.  “Say another word and I will cut out your fucking eyes!”
Joe looked down.
“Now back to what I was saying.  He’s the one that did this to you fuckers.  I’m just here to babysit.”
Charles raised his hand.
“What the fuck do you want?”
“Who is this Angel of Death person?  I’ve never heard of him.”
“I take it that gangstas don’t watch the news, read the paper, or even communicate with people that have a brain.”
Charles glared at him.  “Naw, dog, it ain’t like that.  I’m street smart.”
“You’re fucking retarded.”
“Whatever!  It is what it is.  Just ‘cause I ain’t heard of this fool don’t mean I’m a fuckin’ retard.”
Ryan looked confused.  “I haven’t heard of him either.”
“I’m sure.  You spend all of your time shooting up and jacking off.”
“You don’t know shit.”
“I know you like to blow your load into a sock while spanking it to cartoons.”
Ryan turned red from embarrassment.  “I…  Uh….”
“Cat got your tongue, you sock rapist?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Sure, you don’t.”  Elmer looked at the group.  “For the dumbasses that have kept their heads in their asses, the Angel of Death is a really cool dude who goes around and punishes scumbags and lowlifes.  From here on out, we’ll refer to this great and exemplary man simply as Seth, even though that doesn’t do him justice.”
Tim looked confused.  “Hold up!  I’m not a fucking scumbag.”  He looked at Ryan and Charles.  “I work my ass off, own a home and pay taxes.”
Charles flipped him off.  “Screw you, white boy!  You don’t know shit!”
Tim looked at Elmer.  “This Seth dude must be mistaken.”
“He never makes mistakes—he’s perfect.”
Ryan was upset that Elmer knew he jacked off to cartoons.  “How do you know so much about me if you didn’t do this shit?”
“I was forced to watch all of y’all to get information about your habits and routines.  Seth made me do it.  I had no choice.”
Ryan became angry.  “Are you some type of fucking pervert?  You had no right to do that.  You invaded my privacy.  And look what you did to my fucking toes.  You’re a piece of shit.  You’re going to get what’s coming to you.”
Tim was furious as well.  “You said you didn’t have anything to do with this, but now you just said you spied on us.  I think you did this shit to my legs and put this fucking collar on me.”
“Seth is the one that set this place up and did that to you.  I only brought you here.”
Tim’s eyes got big.  “What?  Now you’re telling me that you abducted me also?  Wow!  You are more a part of this than you led us to believe.  It just keeps getting better and better, doesn’t it?  Maybe you just need to stop talking.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means you keep telling on yourself every time you open your mouth.  In fact, I don’t think anyone is making you do shit.”
Joe whistled to get Tim’s attention.  He didn’t want to speak since Elmer threatened to cut out his eyes if he did.
Tim looked at him.  “What?”
Joe covered his mouth, indicating for Tim to be quiet.
“Fuck that.  He’s just jerking us around.”
Elmer was getting upset.  “I’m telling the truth.  I only spied on you and brought you here.  Seth did everything else.  I’m not a bad person.”
Ryan’s jaw dropped.  “Hold up!  What do you mean you’re not a bad person?  You cut off my fucking toes!”
“Shit happens.”
“What the fuck?  All you can say is shit happens?  What kind of fucking response is that?”
“Hey, I’ve gone through some fucked up shit myself, so don’t get me started.”
“You’re no saint.  You’re just as bad as that Seth character.  That is, if he exists.”
Tim thought for a moment.  He glared at Elmer.  “Wait a minute.  You made all this up.  There is no person named Seth.  You must be the one the cops are looking for.  You’re that Angel of Death dude.”  
Elmer was getting angry.  “I’m not a fucking liar!”
“Then why didn’t you go to the police when he asked you to do this?”
“I can’t.”
“Bullshit!  No one is forcing you to do shit.”
Elmer raised his hospital gown and showed the group a fresh wound.  It ran across the width of his abdomen and was stitched with large, black thread.  “He did this to me.  He implanted an exploding canister filled with acid in my abdomen that’s activated by remote control.  He said he will burn me from the inside out if I go to the police or don’t do what he says.”
Tim shook his head.  “Oh shit.  That’s fucked up.”
Charles’ eyes got big.  “I got an idea.  If you call the cops, they will take you to the hospital.  They can remove it.  And I’m sure you will get some type of reward for helping us.”
“I can’t.  He booby-trapped it.  They can’t even x-ray it without causing it to go off.”
Ryan was still angry about his toes.  “Why did he do that to you?  Did you fuck someone in the ass or something?”
Elmer glared at him.  “Screw you.  You don’t know shit.”
Ryan laughed in a sarcastic way.  “Fuck you and your power trip, Elmer fucking Fudd.  You’re probably getting off on this.  I bet you like staring at our nude bodies, you fucking queer!”
Elmer’s face turned red with anger.  “You just signed your death warrant, punk.”
Charles intervened.  “Hold up you two.  We’re all in this together.”  He looked at Elmer.  “Why is Seth forcing you to do this?”
Elmer looked sad.  “A few years ago, I blamed him for something I did.  He….”
Tim interrupted.  “What did you do?”
“It’s none of your fucking business.  But anyway, he made me do some things.  Some real bad things to teach me a lesson.  Then he let me go.  He told me not to go to the police, but I did.  So now I’m being punished for ratting on him after he gave me a second chance.”
Tim’s eyes got big.  “That’s good news that he gave you a second chance.  That means he’s a rational person.  If I can talk to him and explain that I haven’t done anything, he will let me go.”
“I don’t think so.  He has it in for you.”
“If he gave you a second chance, he can do that for me.”
Elmer looked down.  “He is forgiving, I suppose—he could have done something worse to me.”  He looked at Tim.  “But for you, you’re fucked.”
“What?  Why can’t he give me a chance, too?  What makes you so special?”
“The shit he made me do was some disturbing shit.  After that, I became mentally unstable.  I wasn’t in my right mind when I went to the police.  That’s a lot different than the shit y’all have done.”
Charles held his hands out, palms up.  “I haven’t done shit, so I don’t know why you keep sayin’ I have.”
Tim got an idea.  “You can go tell the cops that we’re here, then take off.  Seth can’t set off the device if he doesn’t know where you are.”
Elmer looked as if he was going to cry.  “It has an internal clock mechanism.  I have to check in with him so he can reset it or it will explode.”
“How often do you have to check in?”
“Depends on how he sets it up.  He can adjust the amount of time.  He does it with this wireless thingamajig.  Right now, it’s set for every forty-eight hours.”
“You can kill the bastard.”
“I can’t do that either.  He made it clear that if something happened to him I would die too since no one else would be able to stop it from exploding.”  Elmer pulled the front of his sweatpants down, revealing another freshly-stitched wound across his lower abdomen.  “He also put this thing in me that shocks my innards.  It has numerous wires scattered throughout my stomach.  He even dropped two down inside my ball sack from the inside.  It’s so fucking gross.  I can feel them moving around and poking my testicles.”  He sat back down on his bucket and started crying.   He could barely talk as he cried hysterically.  “I have to do whatever he asks or he will shock me.  If I go to the police or tell anyone about him, he will make me suffer.  My real name is Barry, but he makes me go by Elmer Fudd because of my fat cheeks.”  He covered his face with his hands.  “I’m his fucking slave…  his fucking bitch.”
Tim couldn’t believe what he was hearing.  “Then you’re in the same boat we’re all in.  Cut us loose and we’ll find a way to help you.”
“It’s too late for you.  I can’t risk him punishing me anymore, so stop trying to talk me into letting you go.”
Tim was getting desperate.  “He won’t punish you if….”
Elmer became enraged.  “The last time I went against him, he cut off my fucking dick.  What the hell do you think he will do if I let you go?”
Charles grabbed his genitals.  “Oh my God!  Why would he cut off your dick?”  He started to panic.  “Is he going to do that to me?”
“I’m sure dick play is in the cards.  He likes doing that kind of shit to assholes like yourselves.”
Tim, Charles and Ryan became upset and started shouting at Elmer after the dick comment.  Joe and Beth were being quiet, as they had been told.  Jason and Henry hadn’t said a word since Elmer walked up.  In fact, they had been staring downwards the entire time.
A Dickless MF

Everyone was still freaking out.  Elmer raised his hand.  “Hush!  Yelling isn’t going to change anything.  It’s only going to make things worse.”
Tim looked as if he wanted to cry.  “At least tell me why I am here.”
“Because you’ve done something bad.  Each of you have.  Your time has come.  The hour of retribution is upon you.  Just like Beth said earlier, you are all damned.”
Tim was terrified.  “Oh my God!  You can’t let anything happen to us.  You will get in trouble too.  There must be something you can do.”
Elmer shook his head.  “Even if I wanted to, it’s no use.  He’s been listening to what we’re saying.”
Charles was looking around.  “How?  Is he here?”
Elmer pulled the neck of his gown downwards, revealing a device sewn to his upper chest.  “He sewed a transmitter to me.”
 Joe was shaking his head.  He was fed up with the lies.  “This is all bullshit.  No one is listening.  The Angel of Death was killed in Oregon during a standoff with the FBI.  This is your doing.” 
Elmer became aggravated.  “I told you not to say anything.”
“I know.  I’m sorry.”
“Yes, you are.  And you’re also fucking clueless.”  He stood up and glared at him.  “And I have no use for cops, especially crooked ones.”
Joe’s eyes got big.  “Crooked?  I haven’t done anything.”
“Crooked and a liar.”
“You’re mistaken.”
“So, it wasn’t you that’s been going around raping people?”
Joe was caught off guard.  “I…  I haven’t raped anyone.”
“Oh, then it must be some other lowlife cop named Jose Alberto Del Castillo the third that’s been sticking his dick in underprivileged women that live on the streets of Houston…  my bad.”  
Tim became angry and blurted out.  “Am I being punished because of that piece of shit?”
“No.  You’re being punished because you’ve been sticking your dick in your eight-year-old daughter.”
Tim’s eyes opened wide.  He felt like he had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.  At first, he didn’t know how to respond.  He was now in the spotlight and everyone was staring at him.  “That’s not true.  You’re making that up.  I would never do that to my daughter.”
Ryan glared at Tim.  “I knew it.  You are a fucking rapist.  What a piece of shit.”
Elmer shook his head.  “And that folks is an example of the pot calling the kettle black.”
Ryan looked confused.  “What does that mean?”
“It means, when you’re not raping a sock, you’re raping your son.”
Ryan looked down.  “That’s not true.”
“Sure, it is, asshole.  That’s why you’re looking away.”  Elmer looked at Henry.  “You’ve sure been quiet.  But I guess I would be too if I had been having sex with my disabled daughter for the last thirty-three years.”
Henry was holding his head down.  He didn’t respond.
Charles had a strange expression.  “Hold up!  Sounds like these assholes are in here for sexual crimes.  I haven’t raped or molested anyone.”
“True.  You just murdered a few people.  And speaking of killing…”  Elmer looked at Jason.  “This sorry bastard killed his own mother.”
Jason didn’t say a word as he stared at his lap.  
Elmer looked at Beth.  “And worst saved for last.  Do you want to tell everyone why you’re here?”
She quickly responded while looking down.  “I drowned my baby in the bath tub.”
Elmer started clapping.  “That takes balls to admit to such a heinous act.”  He looked at the others.  “And for the rest of you lying sacks of shit, each one of you will face your sins in one way or another.”   
Henry started crying.  “What are you going to do?”
“The fat man can speak.  Congratulations.”  Elmer walked over to the saw.  “Before I get to that, I need to explain what all of this equipment is.”  He laid his hand on the saw.  “This is an industrial radial arm saw; modified of course for just such a special occasion.  It’s mounted on a track system so it can travel back and forth from table one to table seven, and it can boom out over the tables.  The blade is set an eighth of an inch higher than the table tops and the blade can reach all the way to each of your heads.  It’s controlled by a computer and….”
Tim looked confused.  “Hold up!  What are you saying?”  He looked at the saw, then his expression changed to a grimace of terror.  “Oh my God!  You’re planning on cutting us in half.”
Everyone started panicking.  Elmer shouted, “Hush!  I’m not done explaining how this all works!”
Jason started screaming like a little girl while rocking back and forth.  Elmer walked over to him.  “Stop acting like that.”
He kept rocking as he made high-pitched screams.
“Stop it!  You’re acting like a retard.”
“Get the fuck away from me, you fucking psycho!”
Elmer grabbed his penis and started pulling on it as hard as he could.  Jason screamed at the top of his lungs as he held onto Elmer’s wrists, pulling them back towards him to relieve the tension.  They looked like two kids fighting over a Stretch Armstrong toy, and as they fought with each other, Jason’s penis was being gruesomely stretched.  Jason’s eyes were huge as he fought with Elmer.  “Please stop!  You’re fucking killing me!  Oh my God, you’re going to tear it!  I beg….”  Suddenly, Elmer fell on his backside.
Jason immediately started shouting, “Oh my God!  You ripped off my dick!  Someone please help me!”
Elmer stood up and tossed the organ onto Jason’s lap.  “At least you’re not going to bleed to death thanks to the clotting agent.  Now shut the fuck up or I will rip off your balls next.”
Jason glared at him with hate as he shouted, “Fuck you!  I’m going to kill you for this!”
“I told you to shut up.”  Elmer pulled out an ice pick and poked Jason in the throat.
Jason covered the hole with his hand.  He could feel air coming out of it as he exhaled.  When he tried to speak, a sharp pain shot through his neck and his voice sounded raspy.  “Oh shit!  You fucked up my vocal cords, you motherfucker.” 
“Speaking of motherfucker, I heard you fucked yours after you killed her.  Is that true?”
Jason looked away.  “Leave me alone.”
“Hey, sicko, do you like fucking dead mothers?”
“Get the fuck away from me.”
Elmer laughed.  “A dickless motherfucker.  That’s what we have here, folks.”
Jason reached out and grabbed Elmer as he shouted muffled screams.  Elmer took the ice pick and started thrusting it into Jason’s body like a crazed maniac.  At first, Jason tried to block the blows, but Elmer jabbed holes in his hands and arms until they fell limp from trauma.  He didn’t miss a beat as he continued pounding holes in Jason’s body.  After two hundred plus punctures, Jason fell to his back and became lethargic.  Elmer jabbed the ice pick into his chest, leaving it in place.  “Now I bet you will keep your fucking mouth shut.”
Jason could barely speak.  “Please kill me.”
Elmer laughed.  “All in due time, you fucking prick.”  He looked at the rest of the group who were staring in horror.  “Anyone else want a pokin’?”
No one responded.
“That’s what I thought.”
Elmer walked over to the saw.  “Now back to what I was saying.  This thing is automated.  It’s programmed to cut each of you down the center of your legs, from your feet to your hips.  It might only cut a short distance, or to your knee.  It might even cut all the way to your hip.  It’s unpredictable.  The saw will start at table one.  After it cuts into one of Tim’s legs, it will move to Henry, then Ryan and so on.  Once it’s done with Beth, it will start back over with Tim.  The blade might go back into the same cut, cutting more of his leg, or it might start on his other leg.  It’s also programmed to cut into the crotch after the legs have been cut.”
Several of the men made an “ohhh” sound.
“Oh yeah, baby.  And if you fuckers think you will bleed out before that happens, I have bad news for ya.”  He pointed to a torch head that was mounted by the blade.  “This is a propane torch.  The blade will be red-hot when it’s cutting into you, and between the cauterizing and clotting agent, you will keep ticking like a fucking Timex.  Seth has even added a little adrenaline in your IV bags to keep you from passing out too soon.”  Elmer lowered his head so he could speak clearly into his mic.  “He is such a thoughtful person.  Such a great inspiration and a ray of hope.  I aspire to be more like him one day.”
Tim shouted at Elmer, “You’re fucking crazy.  You’re just a sadistic piece of shit!”
“Really?  You have the audacity to call me that after the shit you’ve done.”
“I didn’t touch my daughter.”
“You keep telling yourself that, pervert.”
“You have no right to do this.”
“And you didn’t have any right sticking your dick in her.”
“I’ve already told you I didn’t.”
Charles wasn’t sure if he wanted to speak after seeing what happened to Jason.  He slightly raised his hand as he covered his penis with his other hand.  “Mr. Fudd.”
“What the fuck do you want?”
“Is there anything I can do to keep this from happening?  I will do anything you or Seth ask.  I’ll fuck up anyone for you.”  He nodded towards Ryan, Henry and Tim.  “I’ll even fuck up these perverts for you.  I have the skills.  I’ve been on the streets my whole life.  Please Mr. Fudd.  Please have mercy.  I will….”
“Hush!  He’s not going to let some scumbag work for him.”
Charles looked down.
“But for what it’s worth, there is a chance for one of you assholes to make it out of here alive.”
Everyone looked up.
“That’s right.  The last person alive gets to live.  They will also receive a really cool prize.  And if you play the game right, the blade will never touch you.”
“Game?”  Tim had an aggravated look, but he was also relieved there was a chance for him to get free.  “So, this is just some twisted game?”
“If you don’t want to play, I can go ahead and fuck you up.”  He nodded towards Jason.  “You can join dickless over there.”
Tim held his hands out, gesturing for Elmer to stop.  “Hold up.  That’s not what I meant.  I’m appreciative.  Please finish what you were saying.”
Charles raised his hand.
Elmer glared at him.  “Now what?”
“How can I stop the blade from touching me?”
“See the pipe above you?”
“Yeah.”
“You just have to put something in there that the sensor will detect.”
“Huh?”
Tim also looked confused.  “What are you talking about?”
“Oh yeah.  I hadn’t told you fuckers how this thing works.”  Elmer went to a control panel and flipped a switch.  Within seconds, the ends of the pipes above each person started making a suction sound.  He walked closer to the tables so everyone could hear him.  “All y’all have to do is stick something in the end of your pipe.”  He pointed to a digital read out that was mounted next to the junction box where the seven pipes joined.  “The computer keeps track of who has put something in their pipe.  Each pipe has its own sensor.  You also have to make sure the item is big enough—the proximity sensor will not see smaller items, and each time the saw starts back at the beginning, which is Tim, the items have to get bigger.”  He pointed to a set of lights that were mounted above the tables.  They looked like a smaller version of a traffic signal with red, amber and green lights.  “Each of you have a set of lights.  If the red light is illuminated, that means you’re going to get cut, the green means the item was big enough and the saw is going to pass you by, the amber light means the item was too small.  When the saw gets to the end, which is where Beth is at, it will start back over with Tim, and you will have to put something else in your pipe if you want the saw to miss you again.”
Tim was more confused than before.  “That’s kind of weird that I have to do that, but if it gets me out of here, I’ll play along.  So, what am I supposed to put in there?”
“Anything you want.  That’s the beauty of it.”
Charles was looking around.  “Like what?”
Beth shook her head.  “Body parts.  The sick bastards want us to cut ourselves apart.”
Tim had a horrified expression.  “Oh my God!  That’s why we have the knives and pruning shears connected to our tables.”
Everyone was speechless.  
Elmer turned off the vacuum system, then flipped a switch and turned on some heart monitors that were mounted behind everyone.  “I have good and bad news.  The good news is, the monitoring system will know if you pass out, and if you do, the saw will skip over your legs until you have regained consciousness.  The bad news is, you will be punished for passing out.”
Tim popped off.  “How?  It can’t get any worse.”
“Sure, it can.  If you pass out, the saw will slice into your ball sack, and possibly into your dick, depending on how it’s hanging at the time.”  He looked at Beth.  “Of course, you’re exempt; perks of being a woman, I reckon.”
Tim was angry.  “That’s fucking sorry!”
“What is?  That she’s exempt?”
“I don’t give a fuck about her.  I don’t want that fucking blade to touch my dick or balls.”
“Well, that’s part of the game.  It makes sure you will try to stay conscious.”
“This is fucking sick.  You have no right to do this.”
“Look at the bright side.  At least the saw won’t cut you into pieces while you’re asleep.  That wouldn’t be fair—you wouldn’t have a chance to win the game.”
Henry’s body was trembling.  He was terrified.  “I feel like I’m going to have a heart attack from the anxiety.  I don’t want to go through this anymore.  Please just end it.”
“You’re probably just feeling the clotting agent.  I’m sure it’s starting to gum up your innards.”
“Please just kill me and get it over with.”
“We don’t want to rob your daughter of retribution, do we?  You must have some remorse over what you did.”
Henry started crying.  “I didn’t do anything.  Please make all this stop.  I beg you.”
Tim became angry.  “Don’t you have any fucking mercy?”
“Not for molesters and rapists.  And you need to worry about yourself and not the fat man.”
“You ain’t no fucking better.”
“Yeah, maybe not, but at least I’m not lying on one of these tables, you fucking smart mouth.”
“Screw you, dude.”
Elmer pointed at him.  “You say another word, I’m going to end you right here and now!”
Tim shook his head as he looked down.
Elmer opened a box and pulled out a syringe.  He held it up so everyone could see it.  “Here’s some extra adrenaline.  You already have some in your IV bags, but these will give you a little extra kick to help keep you from passing out.  I’m going to give each of you three of these.”  He started laying three syringes on everyone’s table, starting with Beth.  When he got to Tim, he handed him five.  “There’s your mercy, asshole.  You get two extra.”
Tim grabbed Elmer by the shirt.  “You sorry motherfucker!  I’m going to….”
Elmer backhanded him, knocking him to his back, then he started choking him with both hands as he yelled, “I’ve had enough of your mouth, you fucking prick!”
Tim was fighting with all he had to catch a breath.  He could feel his heart pounding and his body going numb.  What a terrible way to die, he thought, as his vision slowly faded to black.
The Angel of Death

The sound of a door opening, then slamming shut, echoed throughout the building.  Footsteps could be heard and they were getting louder with each passing second.  Finally, a man came walking out of the dark while smoking a cigarette.  He pointed at Elmer.  “Don’t kill the bastard—he’s the star of the show.”
Elmer released Tim’s throat.  “Sorry boss.  The fucker just rubs me the wrong way.”
“I’m sure—he’s a fucking molester.”
Everyone was staring at the man.  He was tall with a stocky build and looked to be in his mid to late forties.  He was wearing a black, long sleeve shirt tucked into a pair of blue jeans, brown square toe western boots and a black cowboy hat.  He had a neatly trimmed brown and gray goatee.  
Tim sat up while holding his throat.  He completely forgot about his struggle with Elmer and that he almost died—he was now focused on this man.  He was standing at the edge of the darkness, but he could still see him clearly.  All kinds of thoughts were running through his mind; was he the Angel of Death that Elmer talked about?  He didn’t look like the villain he was portrayed to be.  Maybe this was someone else.  Elmer did call him boss.  Does he work for this man?  Could Elmer really be the crazy one, and now his boss busted him in the act?  Tim started to get excited, thinking he was going to be rescued, then he remembered the man called him a molester.  A fucking molester at that.  He now felt nauseated, knowing they were in cahoots.
He watched Elmer as he was pointing to the group.  He appeared to be explaining what happened to Ryan’s toes and Jason’s penis.  Tim wanted to speak, but felt intimidated by the man’s presence—he looked serious, unlike Elmer, who was more of a joke.  Could this man be reasoned with, he wondered?  He looked to his right and noticed everyone else was staring at the man as well, except for Jason.  He was still lying down.  The puncture holes must have done some serious damage, or he was simply upset about his penis being ripped off.
Tim started to speak until Elmer pointed at him.  He had a sick feeling when he noticed the man was staring.  His eyes were strange looking.  It seemed he was staring at his soul.  Tim’s mind was running a hundred miles an hour, trying to process everything at once.  All kinds of things were bouncing around inside his head; could the man really know what he had been doing behind closed doors?  No way, he thought, he’s just a man.  Then he remembered that he referred to him as the star of the show.  What show?  Was he referring to the horrifying game Elmer has been talking about?  That would mean he knew about his transgressions.  The man was still staring.  Fear overcame him.  He could sense that he knew all his secrets.  For the first time in years he felt ashamed, knowing the man knew what he had been doing.  At that moment, he realized his destiny; he was going to join the ranks of the ones who had already crossed this man’s path.  He lowered his head as he thought about the horror and suffering that lay ahead.  Hopefully it wouldn’t last long, he thought.  Maybe he will be merciful and make it quick.  He looked back up, noticing he was still staring.  He wasn’t sure what to do.  He wanted to speak, but his throat tightened up.  He became emotional, then teary eyed.  Before he knew it, he was crying.
“I’ll be damned!” yelled Elmer, followed by someone laughing.
Tim noticed the man was the one laughing and Elmer seemed upset.  He wasn’t sure what was going on.  Shortly after, Elmer starting walking towards him.  Tim raised his arms in defense.  “Please don’t hurt me.”
Elmer was gritting his teeth.  “You cost me a hundred bucks, asshole.”
Tim looked over his arms.  “What?”
“Seth bet me he could make you cry just by staring at you.  You’ve been the biggest loud mouth in here.  That should have been money in the bank.  What the fuck got into you?”
“I…  I’m sorry.”
“I was going to bet on you to win the game, but not now.  In fact, I’m going to bet you go first.”  Elmer laughed.  “I hope the saw blade snags one of your arteries in your legs and rips the aorta off your heart.”  
Tim was horrified.  “Oh my God!  Can that really happen?”
“All kinds of shit can happen like that.  You’re fixing to be fucked up way beyond anything imaginable.  The pain.  The horror.  The gruesomeness.  You’re going to experience suffering like you’ve never imagined.”
Tim was horrified.  He was crying hysterically.  “Please don’t do this.  I will do anything you ask.”
Seth motioned to Elmer.  “When you’re done terrifying the fucker, you need to get this party started.  Unfortunately, I can’t stick around—I have a date.”
Elmer walked over to Seth.  “With Missy?”
“Yep, she’s waiting in the truck.”
Elmer handed Seth a hundred dollars.  “Here’s your money.”  He looked at Tim and mumbled under his breath.  “Fucking punk.”
Seth laughed as he put the money in his wallet.  “Winner winner chicken dinner.”
“Yeah yeah.  I’ll make it up with the next one.”
Seth nodded towards Tim.  “Five-hundred on him.”
“I’ll take that bet.”
“And don’t cheat.  I know you have an issue with the bastard.”
“I wouldn’t do that, boss.”  
“You better not if you know what’s good for you.  And did you explain everything to everyone?”
“Yep, and they’re all excited about it.”
“You’ve been dragging ass and doing a lot of jawing.  I was expecting it to almost be over by the time I got here.”
“Sorry, boss, they’ve been an unruly bunch, especially Tim.  He’s a real troublemaker.”
Everyone had been quiet, unsure if they should speak, but Tim was outraged.  He had listened to Elmer whine and cry about how Seth was making him do all of this.  Now he was over there acting like Seth was his best friend.  He couldn’t hold his tongue any longer as he blurted out, “You’re a fucking backstabbing liar!”
After that comment, no way in hell was anyone going to make a peep.  Seth patted Elmer on the shoulder.  “Sounds like you’re being called out, pal.”
“Fuck that little bastard.  I’ll deal with him later.”
“Stop fucking around and get this done.  There should have already been guts, blood and ass everywhere.”
“I know, I know.  I’ll get it up and running as soon as you leave.”
“Let me know who makes it to the end.  I have something special saved up for them.”
“Sure thing, boss.”
Seth handed Elmer a piece of paper.  “That’s your next assignment.  After you gather them up, take them to that address.”
“Will do, boss.”  
Seth pointed at Tim, then ran his thumb across his throat, indicating he was dead.  Tim was horrified.  He was hoping to have a conversation with him, but not now.
Seth looked at Elmer.  “I’m outta here.”
“Later, boss.  I’ll call you when I have all the scumbags in the warehouse.”
When Seth started walking off, Joe yelled out, “Sir!  Can I talk to you?”
Charles yelled out right after Joe.  “Mr. Seth, don’t leave!  I have a proposition for you!  Please come back!”
Ryan was trying to yell over Charles.  “I need to talk to you!  You have me pegged all wrong!”
Elmer pointed at them.  “Don’t waste your time—he doesn’t care what you fuckers have to say.”
The sound of a door opening, then slamming closed, echoed out in the distance.  Charles looked aggravated.  “Don’t tell me he left.”
“Yep, the king has left the building.”
“He didn’t even give me a chance to explain.”
“He doesn’t give a fuck what you have to say.  He won’t even listen to me.”
Henry looked up.  “Why are you moving us to a warehouse?”
“No one said anything about that.”
“You told Seth you were going to let him know when we were moved over there.”
Elmer laughed.  “I’m glad you’re starting to see yourself for what you are, but that’s a different group of scumbags.”
Henry looked down.  “I didn’t do anything.”
“Sure, pal, you’re innocent right along with the rest of these assholes.”
Joe was disturbed.  “I can’t believe he’s going to do this to me and not even have the decency to face me.”
“He’s got more important shit to do.”
“You fucking serious?  We’re going to be butchered like animals while he’s going out on a date.  That’s fucked up.”
“He wouldn’t do this to an animal.”
“What?”
“You heard me.  You’re less than an animal in his book.”
Ryan was pissed.  “This is bullshit.  He could have at least been man enough to hear what I have to say.”
“He’s too good to do his own dirty work; that’s what I’m for.  I’m just his little bitch.”
Joe glared at Elmer.  “So now what?  You going to actually do this?  You going to do his dirty work, as you call it?  Murder all of us in cold blood?  Do you think you can live with that?”
“I don’t have a choice.  I wish I did.”
Tim was irate.  “You’re a fucking coward!  You fucking swing on his dick when he’s around, then talk trash when he’s not.  You ain’t no better than he is.  Hell, you’re worse.”
“Fuck you!  I can’t wait until the saw is cutting your ass up.”
Tim quickly realized upsetting Elmer wasn’t going to help his situation.   “I’m sorry.  I shouldn’t have said that.  I know you’re under a lot of stress.  We’re all in this together.”
“Don’t patronize me, you fucking prick.”
“I’m just trying to….”
“Shut the fuck up.”
Tim looked down.  “I’m sorry.”
“You ready to get this shit started?”
“Please don’t do this.”
“I’ll take that as a yes.”  Elmer looked at Henry.  He was sitting motionless with his head down.  “Hey, fat man, you ready?”
He didn’t respond.
“I’m going to cut off your fucking dick if you don’t say something.”
“Please just kill me.”
“In due time, fuck stick.”  Elmer looked at Joe and Charles.  “You two ready?”
They both started begging and pleading.
“I didn’t ask you fuckers to ramble on.  A yes or no would have sufficed.”
Elmer went over to Jason.  He was lying on his back while staring up at the lights.  “How’s it hanging, pal?”
“Leave me alone.”
“Come on, don’t pout.  You still have your balls.”
“Fuck you!  I’m not playing your fucking game.  You might as well go ahead and kill me.”
“I don’t care if you just lie there and get cut up.  I’m rooting for Charles anyway.”  Elmer looked over at Beth.  “You ready to play?”
She glared at him.  “Why don’t you shut the fuck up and go flip the switch, you sawed off piece of shit.  I’m tired of hearing your lips flap.”
“You need to chill out, darlin’.”
“Screw you, you nasty little bastard.”
“Screw me?  Listen here, you fucking…”  Elmer thought for a moment.  “You know what, I think I’m going to take you up on that.  I might even fuck you in the ass.  What do you think about that, bitch?”
“You better stay the fuck away from me, asshole!”
“There ain’t a damn thing you can do to stop me.  I’m going to….”  Elmer’s phone rang.  He noticed it was Seth.  “Yes, sir…  Uh, I was just joking…  No, sir, I would never rape anyone…  I understand…  Sure…  Okay…  Do I really have to do that?...  Okay…  I will soon as we hang up...  Talk to you later…  Hello, are you still there?”  Elmer put his phone back in his pocket, then looked at Beth.  “I’m sorry for threatening you.  I couldn’t have raped you anyway because I’m not a man.  Even though my penis was sewn back on, it doesn’t work because I’m a bitch.”
She looked irritated.  “I don’t give a shit about you or your dick.”
Elmer looked worried.  “Seth is angry at me for the rape threat, regardless if it was a joke or not.  He said there is no excuse in sexual aggression, even if it’s towards a child murdering bitch like yourself.”
“I just want you to get the fuck away from me.”
“He wants you to punch me in the nuts a whole bunch of times.”
“I’m not touching you, you creepy little bastard.”
“If you don’t, I have to do it myself.”
“I don’t give a shit.”
“I’ll give you another adrenaline shot.”
“I told you…”  She thought for a moment.  “Let me go and I will.”
“I can’t do that.”
“Then get the fuck away from me.”
Elmer started pacing back and forth in front of the tables.  He finally came to a stop, then started punching himself in the nuts as hard as he could.  He hit himself about ten times.  Afterwards, he just knelt on one knee so he could recuperate.
Tim looked at Joe and shrugged his shoulders.  Joe made a circular motion with his finger next to his head, indicating Elmer was crazy.
Elmer noticed what Joe was doing.  He became upset.  “Seth made me do that.  He said if I didn’t he would make me pay later.”  He became upset.  “He overheard what I was saying.  Now he’s mad at me.”
Tim blurted out.  “Why would he be mad at you?  I thought y’all were such great pals.”
Elmer glared at him.  “Don’t be sarcastic.  I’m in a fucked-up predicament myself.”
Charles was shaking his head.  “You don’t have to be his fucking puppet.  Get some balls and stand up to him.  You can start by calling the police.”
Beth laughed.  “Like he said, he’s a bitch with a broke dick.”
Elmer stood up and shouted.  “I’m fucking sick of all of y’all!  It’s time to die, motherfuckers!”  Elmer took off towards the main control panel, yelling, “Die motherfuckers die!”
The Suffering

Everyone was freaking out as Elmer energized the main control panel.  Joe and Ryan were shouting at him not to do it.  Tim and Charles were apologizing for their comments.  Henry was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.  Jason was still pouting over his penis and Beth was calling Elmer names and telling him he didn’t have the balls to throw the switch.
When Elmer got to the control panel he pressed a button.  Everyone looked up when the pipes above them started making a suction sound.  “I hope you fuckers all burn in hell.”  He pressed another button, activating the saw blade.  “And speaking of hell.”  He turned on the propane, then pressed a button, igniting the gas.  The torch heads lit, engulfing the blade with flames.  He pointed at Tim.  “And fuck you, asshole, this is for you.”  He pressed another button, activating the automated system.
Tim was horrified as the saw began slowly moving down the tracks towards his table.  Everyone was sitting up, staring in terror, including Jason and Henry, as the machine passed by their table.  The sight and sound of the blade spinning while covered in flames was horrifying.  Tim was panic stricken.  He was chaotically jerking at the fishhooks in his legs and at his collar while shouting at Elmer.  His heart felt like it was going to explode as the machine slowly moved along the tracks, getting closer and closer.  He had never faced such fear.  He was terrified.  Suddenly, his bowels released and he started urinating.  
Everyone was petrified as they watched Tim.  He was violently jerking around while screaming at the top of his lungs as feces and urine dripped off the sides of his table.
When the machine was even with the end of his bed, a loud ear-piercing buzzer sounded for a few seconds, then the blade started moving outwards on a horizontal arm.  Tim was frantically trying to tear his legs loose and screaming as the blade approached his left foot.
Everyone else had a different set of emotions: Joe and Charles were shouting at Tim, telling him to cut off one of his fingers and stick it in his pipe, Henry was covering his face, Ryan was talking to himself, Jason was hitting his head with his fists and Beth was laughing as if she had gone mad.  It was pure chaos.
Tim was panic-stricken.  His body was frozen and he was having a difficult time bringing himself to cut off one of his fingers.  His hands were shaking as he held the pruning shears around his left pinky finger.  About the time, he got the courage and snipped it off, the saw was inches away.  His hands were trembling so much that he dropped his finger on the floor before he could get it into the pipe.  To his horror, the blade cut into his foot.  He screamed with all he had as blood and pieces of flesh slung all over him.  The heated blade coming into contact with his body fluids was creating a lot of smoke.  The rancid cloud of burnt flesh was burning his eyes, and as he inhaled between screams, the smoke would enter his lungs, causing him to violently cough.  The blade moved slowly as it cut through his foot, and when it got to his ankle, he began to feel pieces of shredded bone fragments hitting him all over the front of his nude body.  He was horrified when the blade passed his ankle and continued cutting up his leg.  He could feel the vibration of his tibia and fibula being cut.  Everything seemed to be in slow motion.  His mind was flooded with terrifying thoughts: How much more pain could he take?  What if the blade didn’t stop?  He remembered what Elmer said about the blade snagging an artery.  He started feeling weak, as if he was going to pass out.  He had screamed so hard that his voice was now raspy and he could barely make a sound.  Finally, the blade stopped progressing when it got to his knee, then it quickly retracted.  Tim stared in dismay—not only had his leg been cut down the center, but the fishhooks were pulling the two halves apart.  He leaned over the side of his table and vomited.
Everyone was horrified as they looked at Tim.  He was covered in blood and sprinkled in tiny pieces of white bone.  Some of the larger bone fragments had penetrated his skin.  Tim knew he was on the verge of passing out.  He remembered what would happen if he did, so he grabbed one of the syringes and injected himself with adrenaline.  The sudden rush of alertness caused him to become aggressive.  He glared at Elmer and shouted in a raspy voice.  “You motherfucker, you’re going to pay for this!”
Elmer was sitting on a five-gallon bucket next to the control panel while smoking a cigarette.  He looked like a carnival worker manning the controls of a carnival ride— he had a don’t-give-a-shit expression and not a care in the world.
Tim couldn’t believe Elmer was ignoring him.  “Hey, I’m talking to you, fucker!  Look what you did to my leg!”  Tim held up his hand.  “And my finger.  This is bullshit!”
Elmer ignored him as he blew smoke rings.
The machine was now moving towards Henry’s table.  He seemed dazed.  Joe and Charles were yelling at him, telling him to cut off one of his fingers, but he just sat dumbfounded.  Joe shouted, “Ryan!  Ryan!”
Ryan was about to have a nervous breakdown himself.  He slowly looked at Joe.  “What?”
“Henry isn’t coherent.  Try to snap him out of it.  He needs to cut off part of a finger and get it into the pipe.”
Ryan leaned over towards Henry as far as he could and yelled, “Cut off your finger and stick it in the pipe.”
He didn’t respond.
“Henry!  Cut off your finger before it’s too late.”
A buzzer sounded, indicating the machine was lined up and the blade was ready to extend out.  Joe knew Henry didn’t have long.  He shouted out, “You need to hurry!”
Henry turned and looked at the group as the blade approached his right foot.  He had a solemn expression.  “I did it…  I’ve been raping my handicapped daughter.  I deserve to die.”  To everyone’s surprise, he just laid there and let the saw cut into him.  Everyone stared in absolute horror as the blade slowly cut all the way up to his knee.  Blood, bone fragments, pieces of tendons, cartilage and flesh were being spewed out from the machine like a wood chipper.  Henry was lying back while arching his back as much as possible.  His arms were stretched upwards while making tight fists.  It looked as if he was having a seizure, but he was having to endure the pain due to the adrenaline in his IV bag.  The machine was very loud, but his screams could be clearly heard.  As the blade progressed past his knee, the fishhooks were pulling the two halves apart.  The air was filled with a putrid odor of burnt flesh, and Henry’s entire body was completely covered in blood and fragmented body parts.  When the blade reached halfway up his thigh, he lunged forward, and for no logical reason, he tried to grab the blade with both hands.  As quick as he had reached out, the blade had severed most of his fingers on one hand and cut his other hand in half.
When the blade reached his hip, it quickly retracted.  Henry’s body gave out, causing him to fall back onto the table.  His arms flopped off the sides, then he let out an agonizing moan as the last bit of air left his lungs.  Seconds later he died.
Everyone was taken aback.  They had witnessed something very violent and sadistic.  Up to this point, each person still had hope, thinking they would be saved from this nightmare.  After witnessing what happened to Tim and Henry, they now realized the horrifying reality they were in.
Ryan was next.  He was petrified as the saw started moving down the tracks towards him.  He didn’t give it a second thought as he cut off his left pinky finger with the pruning shears.  The fear combined with the adrenaline rush completely masked the pain.  He didn’t hesitate to stick the severed appendage into the pipe.  The suction almost sucked it out of his hand.  A bell chimed, his red light turned off and the green one came on.  A few seconds later he saw his finger fall into the glass hopper on the other side of the tracks.  The machine didn’t even pause as it passed him by, heading for Charles.
Charles’ hands were shaking as he held the shears to one of his fingers.  “I can’t do it!  Oh my God!  Someone please make this stop.”
Joe was yelling at him.  “Do it, Charles!  Do it now!”
The machine stopped at the end of his table, the loud buzzer went off, then the saw blade began extending out.  Charles got the courage and snipped off his pinky finger at the middle joint.  He quickly stuck it in the end of the pipe.  To his horror, the amber light came on and the blade was still progressing towards his left foot.  He was panic-stricken.  “Oh my God!  It didn’t work!”
Joe shouted over the sound of the machine.  “It’s too small.  You have to put something bigger in there.”
Charles quickly cut off the remaining stub and tossed it in the pipe, but nothing changed.  “It’s fucking broke!”  He started violently jerking around, trying to tear his legs loose.
Joe shouted again, “Cut off another finger.  The whole thing.”
Charles’ eyes were huge as he started at Joe.  “What?”
“Cut off an entire finger.”
Charles snipped off his ring finger and tossed it into the pipe.  When he noticed his green light came on and the machine stopped, he took a deep breath, then shouted, “Fuck yeah!”  Suddenly, flames came blowing out of the machine, engulfing him.  His screams echoed throughout the building as he was being burned alive.
Joe was shouting at Elmer to help.  Elmer was still sitting on the bucket like he didn’t give a shit, but this time he was playing on his phone.  Around twenty seconds later, the flames dissipated and the machine started moving back down the tracks.  Joe didn’t think twice as he snipped off his left pinky finger and threw it into the pipe.  As soon as he saw that his green light come on, he leaned over towards Charles to check on him.  His hair was still smoking and he had been severely burned, but he was still alive.  “How you doing, buddy?”
Charles’ body was shaking.  He could barely talk.  “I’m cold.”
“Just stay calm and rest.  It will be a while before the machine gets back to you.”
Joe leaned towards Jason.  “You need to cut off a finger before the machine gets to you.”
Jason was lying on his back staring up at the lights.  “Leave me alone.”
“Don’t just lie there—the machine is approaching.”
“I don’t care.”
“You can survive this.”
“Why would I want to?  I don’t have a penis.”  He rolled his head over to face Joe, then held the knife to his neck.  “Sorry, Joe.  I would rather go out on my own terms.”
“Listen to me, son, you don’t have to….”
Within seconds, the machine had quickly moved down the tracks and extended the blade into Jason’s crotch.  Joe was in shock.  One moment he was trying to talk Jason out of cutting his neck, then the next moment he was watching as Jason was being mutilated by the machine.  Joe stared in horror as the blade slowly cut Jason through his abdomen.  Blood, feces and pieces of intestines were being slung everywhere.  The heated blade was creating a huge amount of smoke as it ripped through his insides.  He screamed at the top of his lungs for the last few moments of his life.  When the blade reached his ribcage, it stopped, then quickly retracted, dragging pieces of intestines with it.
Joe was speechless as he looked at Jason.  His abdominal cavity lay wide open and most of his ravaged intestines had slid out onto the floor, and a few pieces were hanging out like spaghetti.  Joe thought about how the machine had quickly moved, not giving Jason a chance.  He shouted at Elmer.  “What the fuck happened?  Your fucking machine is broken.  What kind of bullshit is this?”
Elmer just sat dumbfounded, as he had been doing.  
The machine was now heading back towards Tim.  He became hysterical as he looked at Elmer.  “Why is it coming back towards me?”  He pointed at Beth.  “What the fuck about her?”
She held her hand up, showing that she was missing a pinky, then she flipped him off with the same hand.  About halfway down the tracks, the machine stopped and the blade started slowing down.  Elmer came walking up with a frown as he looked at Jason.  “Look at this fucking mess.  I ain’t cleaning this shit up, pun intended.”  He fanned the air.  “And it smells like burnt ass.”
Tears were running down Joe’s cheeks.  “You’re a fucking insensitive asshole.  He didn’t deserve that.”
“That’s what he gets for trying to kill himself.  He knew the rule.”
“What are you talking about?  What rule?”
“Seth told me if someone tries to kill themselves to engage the execution mode.  He wanted to make sure they would suffer before they died, even if it was for a short bit of time.”
Joe became angry.  “You sorry motherfucker!  He wasn’t trying to kill himself.  It was just the way he was dealing with the stress.”
“Then I guess it was his lucky day.”
“Fuck you, pendejo!  You had no right to do that!”
“And you had no right doing what you did, so get off your high horse.”
“Who made you God?  You ain’t no better than any of us.”
“Does it really fucking matter?  There’s only going to be one survivor.  The rest of you fucks are going to be dead soon anyway.”  Elmer looked at Jason.  “At least he didn’t suffer long.”
Joe nodded towards Charles.  “What about him?  He’s still suffering.”
“I’m sure—his fucking skin is peeling off and half of his dick is charred.”
Charles had been lying motionless until Elmer mentioned his dick being charred.  He could barely move his arms as he reached for his penis.  His hands were trembling as he felt around his crotch.  “Oh my God!  Is it really burnt?  I can’t feel it.”
Joe looked at him.  “It’s okay, Charles.  Your penis is fine.  Just try to relax.”
Elmer laughed.  “Your dick is fucking toast, pal.”
Charles started crying.  “Oh no!  This can’t be happening.  Please call an ambulance.”
Joe glared at Elmer.  “Leave him alone, asshole.  You’ve already done enough to him.”
“I didn’t do shit to him.”
“Yeah you did.  You burned him.”
“He waited too long to feed the pipe.  Being burned is the punishment.  That part is automated.  In fact, everything is automated except for the execution mode, and that’s the only reason I’m fucking stuck here with y’all assholes.  Seth didn’t want any of you fuckers getting off too easy and he couldn’t figure out how to make that part automated.”
“You could have told us that, you fucking prick.”
“I thought I did.”
“No, you didn’t.”
“Oh well, I guess I forgot.”
“You forgot?  That was kind of fucking important, don’t ya think?”
“I got a lot of shit on my mind.  Plus, I have my own problems to worry about.”
“You’re going to burn in hell for this.”
“Whatever.”  He walked over to Tim and picked up his finger off the floor.  “Nice souvenir, fucktard.”
“You’re fucking sorry.”
“Actually, you’re gonna be.”  Elmer pulled out a pair of pliers from his back pocket.  “You owe me a hundred bucks.”
“No problem.  I’ll give you everything I own if you let me go.”
“You know I can’t do that.  But I can give you two options to pay me back.  First, Seth bet me five-hundred bucks that you will be the last one alive.  Just make sure that doesn’t happen, then I’ll actually make four hundred bucks on this gig.”
“Seriously?  You want me to die so you can make four-hundred bucks?  You’re fucking crazy.”
“I didn’t think you would go for that.”  He tossed the pliers on Tim’s lap.  “The other option is you can give me five of your front teeth.”
Tim looked confused.  “What?”
“I didn’t stutter, asshole.  I want six of your teeth for payment.  I’m going to make a necklace out of them.”
“You said five.”
“See, you are listening, but every time I have to tell you, the number is going to go up.”
“You’re fucking nuts.”
“I’d pull ‘em out myself, but I don’t want to tear my stitches fighting with you.”
“Seth will get mad at you if you do this.”
“Don’t patronize me.  And besides, he’s the one that told me he would give me my money back if I made him a tooth necklace out of your teeth.”
“Bullshit.”
Elmer showed Tim a text message from Seth that verified his story.  “See, I told you.  He likes necklaces made of teeth.  And now you owe me eight.  Get them fuckers out so I can start the saw back up.”  
“Please don’t do this.  I was serious about giving you everything I own if you let me go: my house, cars, money, everything.  And I won’t say anything about what happened here.
“Stop trying to get out of this—we’ve already been over that.”
Joe got Elmer’s attention.  “Hey!  I have about twenty-five thousand in the bank.  I also have a house, two cars, gold and some guns.  It’s all yours if you let me go.”
Ryan was being quiet—he didn’t have a pot to piss in.
Beth laughed.  “I’d take them up on that offer.  Maybe then you can go buy yourself some balls.”
Elmer glared at her.  “Fuck you, bitch.  You’ll be getting yours soon.”
“I’m in charge of my destiny, you fucking prick, not you.”
“You’re awful cocky for someone in your predicament.”
“Go to hell, asshole.”
“You first, bitch.”  Elmer looked back at Tim.  “Get to pulling your teeth.”
“You’re fucking….”
Elmer grabbed a hold of Tim’s penis.  “Pull out your fucking teeth before I rip off your cock.”
Tim started hitting Elmer’s hands with the pliers.  “Get the fuck away from me!”
Elmer jerked his hands away.  “I’ll get ‘em one way or another.”  He started walking towards the control panel.
Tim started panicking.  “Okay, okay.  I’ll do it if you don’t start the saw again.”
Elmer stopped next to the control panel.  “Fuck you!  I’ll pull ‘em myself as you’re letting out your last breath of air.”  He looked at the group.  “And by the way, one finger isn’t going to greenlight ya this go around, so you better get ready to start cutting yourself into pieces.”
Tim was horrified when the saw started back up.  He was mentally exhausted.  He had been on an emotional roller coaster ride.  He had never experienced so many emotions in such a short period of time.  He had flip-flopped between being confused, angry, horrified, scared, timid, aggressive and submissive.  He felt numb inside.  He had to make a choice; lie down and die, or fight to survive.  Now he was experiencing a new emotion; he wasn’t going to give Elmer the satisfaction of seeing him beg anymore.  He took the pruning shears and snipped off his ring and middle fingers.  He smiled at Elmer as he stuck them in the pipe.
Elmer laughed when Tim’s amber light came on.  “It’s gonna take more than that, you fuckin’ punk.”
Tim didn’t expect that.  He started to panic, not knowing how many fingers he was going to have to cut off.  He started to snip off his index finger, then thought about what he would do after that.  He only had so many appendages.  That realization scared the shit out of him, knowing he was going to have to start cutting off other body parts.  Mentally he went into a downward spiral.  He began jerking at his collar and legs again, as he had done the first time.  He had to get control of himself and come up with something before the saw sounded its buzzer.  There was no way he could bear that much pain again, and he didn’t want to be burned like Charles.  Without thinking, he sliced off his right ear with the knife, then quickly stuck it in the pipe.  His heart seemed to stop when the amber light stayed on.  He began to freak out. 
Joe had been watching to see if the system would accept separate pieces, combining them for the required amount, or if it would need one large item at a time.  He shouted at Tim.  “You have to add something larger.  Small pieces spaced out don’t count.”
Tim was horrified.  That meant he had wasted two fingers and an ear.  He shouted at Elmer.  “This isn’t fair!  What the fuck am I supposed to do now?”
Elmer was leaning against the control panel.  He grabbed his crotch and shook it.”
Tim was devastated.  There was no way in hell he was going to cut off his dick and balls.  By now the machine was approaching his table.  He had only seconds to make a decision.  Without giving it another thought, he jabbed the knife into his thigh and began violently cutting.  The pain was almost too much to bear as he cut a hockey puck sized circle.  When completed, he tried to pull out the piece of flesh, but it was stuck.  He quickly realized he should have angled the knife to the inside of the circle as he was cutting to sever the bottom of the plug.  In a state of panic, he started prying at the plug with his knife while working it around.  When he got most of it cut loose, he gripped it with both hands and ripped it out.  He held on to it for dear life, making sure not to drop it as he stuck the piece of meat into the pipe.  Relief overcame him when his green light came on.  Even though he was relieved, he knew he was going to have to do it all again.  And to make it worse, there were less people, meaning the saw would be returning more quickly.  He wasn’t sure how much more he could take.  He became nauseated as he looked at his mutilated body.  It was bad enough that his leg had been cut in half up to his knee, but the halves were being pulled apart.  He could see the inside of his leg: white bones, ligaments, cartilage, veins and muscles.  The cuts were smooth and kind of shiny.  His leg reminded him of a science prop designed to show the inner working of the body.  It was very disturbing.  Then he looked at his left hand; that pissed him off.  He thought he looked like a freak sporting only a thumb and index finger.  Then he looked at the hole in his thigh.  He quickly looked away—the tendons and veins hanging out of it grossed him out.
Suddenly, he heard an ear-piercing scream.  When he looked, he noticed the saw was sitting in the center of Ryan’s crotch.  Oh my God, he thought, Ryan’s getting it bad.  He had been too preoccupied with himself and didn’t see what caused it.  Then Ryan made the same mistake Henry did; he grabbed at the blade in a desperate attempt to stop the pain.  The blade mutilated the majority of his hands.  There wasn’t much left except for the palms and a couple of fingers dangling by tendons.  Then Ryan did the unexpected; he shoved his head into the blade, instantly killing himself.  When the saw backed away, he remained in the sitting position.  The chain was holding him where he was leaning slightly forward.  His head was hanging downwards and oozing brain matter.
Tim was horrified.  Henry, Jason and Ryan were already dead, and Charles was on the verge of death.  He knew from the beginning that the game was going to be bad, but never dreamed it was going to be this barbaric and sadistic.  He thought about killing himself and getting it over with.  Waiting until the saw was on the furthest end would be the best, he thought.  That way it wouldn’t have time to get to him and cut him like it did Jason.  He looked at Elmer.  He wasn’t paying attention as he played on his phone.  What a fucking prick, he thought.  People were being tortured and dying and this asshole was goofing off.  Wait a minute, he thought, Elmer was supposed to be on suicide watch.  This might be his chance.  He took his knife and started to cut his wrist while keeping an eye on Elmer.
About that time, he heard Charles screaming.  He looked over and noticed the saw was cutting up one of his legs.  He was just lying there, screaming.  It appeared he didn’t even try to feed the pipe.  His body must be in shock from being burned, or he must have simply given up, he thought.  The blade didn’t stop until it reached his hip.  Tim knew there was no way Charles was going to survive much longer.  He only had two competitors left, Joe and Beth.  Elmer had referred to this as a game, but it seemed more like some twisted way just to mentally fuck with them.  Just like with the hooks pulling his leg apart.  The hooks weren’t done to prevent anyone from escaping.  They were done for psychological torture.  He looked at his leg that was cut in half.  Who wouldn’t be grossed out by that, he thought.  Now that he had an understanding of how Elmer and Seth operated, he had to decide if it was worth the extra pain to win this so-called game.  They would probably kill him anyway if he somehow managed to outlast everyone else.  Either way, he decided to see what the others were going to do first.  He could probably handle a few more rounds, if need be.
Tim hadn’t been paying much attention to what Joe and Beth had been doing.  It had been pretty much chaos for everyone since the saw had started.  But now he was focused on them.  He couldn’t believe his eyes.  Joe had cut off his left hand.  What a dumbass, he thought, now he only had one hand.  That was going to make it difficult for him to cut something else off.  He wasn’t sure what Beth was up to.  She was frantically cutting at one of her legs as the saw approached her.  Was she cutting off a kneecap, he wondered.  That was actually a good idea, especially for him since his left leg was already mutilated.  Right before the saw got to her, she rolled off the table.
Tim yelled out to Joe.  “How did she get loose?”
“She cut her legs off at the knees.”
Tim was confused.  “How did she get through the bone?”
“She probably cut through the tendons.”
“Where is she?”
“Sitting next to the table on the floor.  She can’t go anywhere because of her chain.  But it looks like she’s trying to pick the lock with the knife.”
Elmer heard what was being said.  He stood up.  “Well I be damned.  I didn’t see that coming.”  He looked at Tim.  “Looks like I might win the bet after all.”
Tim knew he had to do the same thing.  He had plenty of time—the saw was at the other end.  He grabbed his knife and started to cut into his knee.
Elmer yelled at him.  “Hold up!  Are you trying to kill yourself?”
Tim shook his head.  “No.  I’m going to cut off my legs.”
“You can’t do that.  That would be considered a suicide attempt and I will have to engage the execution mode.”  
“Chill out, dude, I’m not trying to kill myself.”
Elmer shut off the saw, then walked over.  “Don’t call me dude.  And it will be if you cut into an artery.”
“I’m not going to.”
“Apparently, you didn’t take anatomy in high school.  You can’t cut off your fucking leg without cutting arteries, dumbass.”
Tim was confused.  “You didn’t have a problem with Beth doing it.”
“I didn’t catch her in the act.”
“I think you’re trying to cheat.  Seth has already warned you about that.”
Elmer looked guilty.  “I, uh…  You know what, just do what the fuck you want to do.”
Tim injected himself with another adrenaline shot so he wouldn’t pass out from the pain.  Right before he started to cut into his leg, Joe yelled out, “She’s dead!  Don’t do it, Tim.”
He looked at Joe.  “What?”
“She bled out.”
Tim looked at Elmer.  “Did she not have the clotting agent?”
“Of course, she did.”
“Then why in the fuck did she bleed out?”
He shrugged his shoulders.  “I guess ‘cause she was a stupid cunt.”
“Can you be serious for once?”
Joe had an idea.  “Maybe the clotting agent couldn’t stop the larger arteries from bleeding.”
“My leg is cut all the way to my knee and I’m not bleeding that much.”  He thought for a moment.  “Fuck, I know why.  My leg was cauterized by the blade.”  Tim was glad he didn’t cut off his legs.  He would have bled out too.
Elmer pointed at Tim.  “See, you were trying to kill yourself.  Prepare to die, asshole.”
Tim’s eyes opened wide.  “Hold up!  I’m not doing it.”
“Rules are rules, you fuck.  I have to execute your ass.”
Tim was horrified.  “Please don’t.  I beg you.”
Elmer was smiling like a possum eating shit.  As soon as he turned to head for the control panel he tripped on the tracks, causing him to fall.  His head slammed into the concrete, causing him to lose consciousness.
Mind Incarceration

Elmer could feel his head pounding as he woke.  The impact had knocked off his beer hat and his IV bags fell out of the hat’s holder.  He grabbed his neck as he laid on the floor.  The IV lines had jerked the shit out of his catheters.  When he caught his composure, he sat up, put his IV bags back in the holders, then put the hat back on.  He tried to stand up, but a sharp pain shot through his stomach.  The fall had jarred his guts and stitches.  He took a knee, worried that he had torn something.  
Tim could tell Elmer was hurt.  He felt showing concern could work to his benefit.  “You alright?  Is there anything I can do?”
Elmer was holding his stomach.  “Fuck you, you little bastard.  You’re really gonna get it now.”
“Hold up!  I didn’t cause you to fall.”
“Fuck you anyway.  I’m going to make sure the saw cuts you into pieces, starting with your fucking dick.  You’re going to be in so much pain that….”  Elmer’s phone rang.  He noticed it was Seth again.  He answered it.  “Hold up, boss.”  He stood up and eased off to the side so no one could hear him.  “Yes sir…  Sorry, I didn’t mean to put you on hold…  I know, I’m your bitch.  It won’t happen again…  I was just messing with him…  I’m not trying to cheat you out of your money…  I’m not lying…  I’m sorry…  I know…  Oh!  Okay…  I will…  Sorry, boss…  Hello, you still there?  Boss?”  Elmer put his phone in his pocket.  “Fuck me runnin’!”  Under his breath, he said, “I hate this fucking transmitter.  Fucker can hear everything I say.”  He looked at Tim.  “Now Seth is mad at me again, asshole.  He said I deserved to bust my head on the concrete.  He said if he was here he would have done it himself.  You got me in trouble, you little prick.”
Tim was still scared shitless, but was glad Seth had called.  Now he didn’t have to cut off his legs.  All he had to do was outlast Joe.  Charles was on his way out, so he wasn’t concerned about him.
Elmer was angry.  “I know what you’re thinking, so fuck you.  You’re still going to have to cut yourself apart, and I get to watch.”  He took off towards the control panel.
Tim needed to get something in the pipe.  He remembered the kneecap idea.  It was obvious to take the one on his leg that had already been cut.
“Fuck you, bitch,” shouted Elmer as he started the saw.
Without hesitating, Tim sliced the skin across the top of his knee.  He started gagging as he pulled the skin apart, exposing the white bone.  He tightly grasped his kneecap and pulled back on it.  How is this damn thing attached, he thought?  After cutting away more skin, he noticed there were tendons connected to it.  Big tendons.  He wasn’t expecting that.  He started to cut them, then paused.  His stomach was nauseated and his hands were trembling.  He wasn’t sure if he could do it.  Then he heard Elmer heckling in the background.  That pissed him off.  He shouted, “Fuck you, asshole!” then he started cutting at the tendons with the knife.  Within seconds he was holding his kneecap in the air.  He was absolutely sick of Elmer.  He stuck the bone into the pipe, then shouted, “How you like them apples, you piece of shit?”
As soon as the saw reversed, he decided to have the next item ready.  Even though his leg was split from his foot almost to his knee, the upper portion of his tibia, the epiphysis, was still in one piece.  He jammed his knife into the top of his tibia, then wiggled it, snapping the epiphysis in half.  Now his tibia was in two complete pieces.  He started prying on the bone on the inner side of his split leg, but it was still connected.  After he severed all the tendons and ligaments on the upper portion, he started twisting the bone to tear the tendons at the other end that were attached to his ankle.  When it pulled loose, his eyes opened wide.  Dangling from the end of his tibia were other bones and their attached ligaments.  He looked down at his foot and noticed half of the bones had been pulled out.  At that moment, he knew he was going to outlast the other two.  Not only did he have several more rounds in his hand, he had the other bones in the other half of his leg to go if he needed them.  His leg being cut in half turned out to be a big advantage.  Not only had it provided him with plenty of items for the pipe, but it was also numb, or at least partially numb, reducing the pain.
He glared at Elmer, then raised the split bone into the air as the smaller bones hung from the end of it.  He waved it like a flag.  “How do you like me now, dickhead?”  He looked at Joe.  “You’re fucked, pal.  You might as well go ahead and cut your throat.”  He looked at Charles as he was barely breathing.  “And you, you black piece of shit, you can go to hell.”  He looked back at Elmer.  “This is what you get for betting against me.”
Elmer shook his head.  “That’s fine—it’s only money.  And besides, after getting to spend this quality time with you and seeing who you really are, I’m glad that you’re going to win this and the prize.  You really deserve to live for a very long time.  Seth was smart picking you.”
Tim felt like he was on top of the world.  He started laughing in his head, thinking how messed up it was that he was getting excited after all the shit he had gone through.  My God, I’m holding my freakin’ leg bone, he thought as he chuckled under his breath.
Charles didn’t even scream when the saw cut into him.  He died before the blade was fully retracted.  Joe was crying and appeared to have given up.  Elmer stopped the saw, then walked over to him.  Tim couldn’t hear what was being said.  “Hey, what the fuck are you two talking about?”
Elmer glared at him.  “Don’t fucking worry about it, you fucking prick.  Mind your own business.”
“You need to get that fucking saw started and finish this shit.”  He pointed at Joe.  “That motherfucker needs to die.”
Elmer shook his head.  “Listen here, you cocky piece of shit, you need to show some fucking respect.  Joe hasn’t done shit to you.  In fact, he’s been trying to help you.”
“Whatever, dude.”
“He could have let you cut off your legs and bleed out, you ungrateful bastard.”
“I don’t give a shit about him or you.  And I don’t know what you two are fucking scheming, but Seth isn’t going to like it.”
“Seth already knows.  He told me what your prize is going to be, and I’m just telling Joe what it is.”
Tim grinned.  “You should be telling me, not that fuckhead.”
Joe had a solemn expression as he looked at Tim.  “You don’t have to act like an asshole.  We were all in this together.”
“Whatever.  You’re just jealous you lost.”
Joe looked at Elmer.  “At least give me the satisfaction of telling that arrogant fucker what his prize is before I go.”
Elmer nodded.  “I think that’s a great idea.”
Tim had a cocky look.  “Well, let’s hear it, Joe.”
“They’re going to incarcerate your mind.”
Tim looked confused.  “What the fuck does that mean?”
“When this is over, they’re going to cut off all your appendages, including your dick and balls.  Then they’re going to cut out your tongue, remove your voice box, bust your ear drums and rip out your eyes.  You’ll get to live the rest of your life in some nursing home in total silence and darkness, forced to think about how much of a sorry piece of shit you are.”
Tim had a grimace of terror as he looked at Elmer.  “Is he telling the truth?”
“For the most part.”
Tim started to panic.  “Hold up.  I won.  The deal was I get to live.  You can’t do that.”
Elmer laughed.  “You are going to live, numb-nuts.”
“But you didn’t say anything about doing that to the winner.”
“You knew there was a surprise that went along with winning.”
“You sick son of a bitch!  You had this planned from the beginning.  You played all of us.” 
“Just remember this was your fault for molesting your daughter when you’re nothing more than a breathing bag of thoughts.  Keep that flowing through your head as the years go by.  And maybe you will get lucky and live to a ripe old age, you fucking child molester.”
Tim started thinking of the reality of living in total silence and darkness without arms and legs.  How horrifying would it be to have to live like that, not being able to communicate, only being stuck with his thoughts.  Horrible thoughts at that.  He desperately wanted to live, but not like that.  He knew what he needed to do.  He had the courage now to take his own life.  He looked at Elmer as he pointed at Joe.  “I haven’t won yet.  He’s still alive.  I want to keep playing.”
Elmer put Joe in a headlock, then shoved a long screwdriver into his eye, sinking it all the way to the back of his skull.  Joe’s lifeless body fell back onto the table as the handle of the screwdriver stuck out of his eye socket.  Elmer looked at Tim.  “Game over, pal.”
Tim grabbed his knife, and before he could cut himself, Elmer ran over to him and injected him with a tranquilizer.  The last thing Tim saw was Elmer’s smiling face as his vision faded into darkness.

Solitary of Horror

Tim Murray woke up.  He felt dazed.  He was having a hard time thinking.  It was dark.  So dark he couldn’t see anything.  He had never experienced such darkness.  And it was very quiet.  He had never experienced so much quietness.  He went to move his arm, but something was wrong.  He couldn’t feel his limbs.  What the heck is wrong, he thought.  Am I paralyzed or something?  Did I have a stroke?  Suddenly he remembered everything: Elmer, the saw, the tables, the duct system.  The entire horrifying experience flashed before him.  Terror overcame him when he remembered what Seth and Elmer were going to do to him.  He screamed, or at least he thought he did.  He couldn’t tell.  Someone, or something, was touching his chest.  It felt like a hand patting him.  Or maybe more than one hand.  Was it Seth?  Elmer?  Who was it?  Was he in the hospital?  It could be a doctor or nurse touching him.  He tried to speak, but his throat felt strange.  Oh my God, he thought, they cut out my vocal cords.  He started to panic.  How was he going to communicate with this person or persons?
He became angry.  They had no right to do this, he thought.  He had to find a way to tell on them.  Then he remembered why they had done it.  He tried to block that out.  He desperately fought to keep those thoughts out of his head, but they kept coming back.  All kinds of flashbacks of what he had done were running through his mind.  He didn’t want to see them, but they kept coming, one after another.  He tried to convince himself that he hadn’t done anything wrong.  It wasn’t his fault—he was born that way.  For some reason that excuse wasn’t working anymore.  Would it help if he admitted to what he did?  He didn’t want to think it, but the thought of him being a child molester ran through his mind.  I did it, he screamed in his head, I molested my daughter.  He felt ashamed.  Almost deserving of his punishment.
Between the silence, darkness and the horrible thoughts, he was in mental agony.  He needed to stop thinking.  It was going to drive him crazy.  He needed to find a way to kill himself.  But how?  He had no hands.  Banging his head against something crossed his mind.  He tried to move, but it felt like he was bound by something.  Was he tied?  Was he in a bed with railings?  He tried to hold his breath, but that didn’t work.  He tried again and again with the same results.  It was hopeless.  He wasn’t going to be able to end it.  He didn’t even have a tongue that he could bite in hopes he would bleed to death.  How much time had already passed, he thought?  Was it days, or just minutes?  How was he going to live like this, with all these horrible thoughts and the guilt that came with them?  Horror overcame him when he realized he could live for another fifty to sixty years.



The End





This was an excerpt from the book Splatterpunk, book three in the “A Glimpse into Hell” series.


Wade H. Garrett is an American novelist specializing in the extreme-horror genre.




