The Althorn Encounters
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2015© Cody Toye, The Saber, Chandre Toye, Adelise M. Cullens
Published by Ink Blood Publishing
All Rights Reserved. This Book May Not Be Reproduced, Transmitted, Or Stored In Whole Or Part Or In Part By Any Means, Including Graphic, Electronic, Or Mechanical Without The Express Written Consent Of The Publisher Except In The Case Of Brief Quotations Embodied In Critical Articles And Reviews.

*~*~*


*~*~*
Table of Contents
*~*~*
Introduction
About the Authors
Cody Toye
Coma
Rot
Depraved
The Murder Show
Adelise M. Cullens
Hanging Onto Hope
We All Scream
Blood and Colour
Killing For Pages
The Saber
Ol George
Hiatus
Rage
Wolfie
Chandre Toye
The Academic Death of Jonah Falkirk
Mime
Daeva
Unseen
*~*~*
Intro
I am Althorn the Crow, knower of all things to know and I have a tough job. I am tasked with carrying the souls of the dead to their rightful place in the afterlife.  I have encountered some pretty strange things during my journeys, but none as bizarre as the deaths you are about to read. These are just some of the encounters during a normal day in my life. Hopefully, your death will never be recorded here. See you soon!

*~*~*
Coma
The human imagination is more devastating than any weapon mankind has created. This is what comforted Heinrich. He truly believed that what he was doing was a holy act. His close friends and family tried to warn him against writing the article, but in his mind ‘someone’ had to expose the truth and that ‘someone’ had to be him.
So the dirty deed was done. The headline exposed the quaint little flower shop as nothing more than another illegitimate business owned by Alfredo Tarrintino, the notorious Boston Mafia kingpin. Heinrich caught wind of a large drug smuggling ring in Mexico and was not surprised to learn that the drugs were transported and delivered to the tiny flower shop. 
It took less than a week and a few stake-outs to produce the black and white photo’s needed to prove Alfredo’s involvement and Heinrich was confident the article would place the menace behind bars once and for all.
He has been wrong before and he was wrong again. He wished for once in his life he would have listened to his mother. 
*~*~*
The ground was cold and moist. Heinrich could feel the cold December wind giving him a gentle kiss and a hard slap on his cheek. Two burly men with bent noses and hard earned scars stretched his arms to their natural limits. He could feel his shoulder grind and his muscles strain against the rough treatment. 
He remained silent, too afraid to cry out in pain. The large man in front of him cast an ominous shadow that seemed to overtake the sun and drain the world of any good intentions it may have left. Even his name caused tiny earthquakes in Heinrich’s body.
“You know why I am here?” 
Alfredo’s voice was flat and uncaring, a razorblade soaked in bourbon. Nothing but silence came from Heinrich. It was as if they had already removed his vocal chords and sold it to the highest bidder in some distance seedy dark alley. 
A big meaty fist came from the left and rocked his head. The pain was immediate and intense. He could feel a trickle of warm blood run from the corner of his mouth and drip onto his lap. Starburst’s and foggy haze overtook his vision.
“If he axes you’se a question, you’se better be answering it.” 
Heinrich stared blankly into the dark eyes of the kingpin and struggled to speak.
“I-I don’t know what you are talking about”
Alfredo shoved the newspaper hard against his face and rattled it.
“YOU THINK I’M STUPID? IS THAT WHAT YOU ARE SITTING HERE TELLING ME? WELL MY MISTAKE, HERE I THOUGHT YOU WROTE AN ARTICLE ABOUT ME BUT I MUST HAVE THE WRONG PERSON.”  
“No boss, you never make mistakes” chimed in the burly man with the meaty fists.
“Shut up you! It was one of them rhetorical type questions.”
“Sorry Boss.” 
Heinrich watched as Alfredo paced back and forth for a brief moment, his brown leather loafers sinking deep in the mud as he sank his weight into his beefy legs. The silence was unbearable. After a brief moment, he straightened his tie and buttoned up his blazer.
“You must be one of them college boys. I don’t like college boys, they never know when to keep their traps shut and their noses out of other people’s business.”
“Please, please don’t do this, I am just a journalist.” Heinrich begged.
“You like to read and write do you?”
He could see the glimmer of light reflect off of the black silencer as the pistol was removed from its holster concealed by a layer of overhanging stomach fat.
Another hard smack to his already swollen lip brought his attention to the matter at hand.
“I TOLD YOU TO ANWSER HIM!” 
“Y-Yes I like to read and write” Heinrich replied
Once again the newspaper was shoved in his face, this time held in place by the heavy cold steel of Alfredo’s piece.
“You know what? You have to be the dumbest college boy I ever met!” he mocked
He closed his eyes, aware of what was about to happen to him. He seen the yellow flash, he felt the warm sensation wash over him. His muscles stopped responding and his eyesight failed. The air filled with a sickening smell, one part gunpowder and three parts blood and gore. 
‘Am I dead? Wait. If I was dead I wouldn’t be able to ask myself if I was. What is going on?’  His brain still fired on all cylinders, but his body seemed utterly unresponsive.
“Just leave him there with the paper over his face! Someone will find the body”
“Yes boss.”
He could hear it all. The words, the sounds of the cruel men walking away and the leaves crunching as they put distance between themselves and his “corpse”. Heinrich knew something strange was going on.
*~*~*
He was wiser now. He found out more about his condition in the last hour than he ever wished to know. He listened to the paramedics all the way to the hospital. Apparently, he was a victim of a violent crime, he had a gunshot wound to the head that wouldn’t stop bleeding and he was in a coma. According to the unknown voices, he was unresponsive and the chances of him pulling through was slim.
He could form words in his mind, but his mouth wouldn’t cooperate. After a long period of time Heinrich learned to live with his condition. His brain functioned in a dream like state and he felt no pain at all. 
Two days into his slumber, he was amazed to learn that he could create his own universe. It was as if he had a blank canvas and could paint and manipulate his surrounding’s as he saw fit. Today, he was at the ocean. He could smell the salt water and feel the cool spray of the tide upon his face. If only there was a dolphin swimming nearby, this would be an ideal day to be alive. Off to the left, a dolphin appeared, its bottle nose penetrated the water and he stared directly at Heinrich.
“Aw it is so cute! I wish it could just grow legs and crawl to me so I could pet it!” 
With that single thought, Heinrich played god. He watched breathlessly as his beloved dolphin did grow legs and crawl right up to him. He spent hours petting the creature before closing his eyes and falling asleep.
*~*~*
A click. Loud resonating footsteps falling upon the long empty hallway. This is what awoke him.
“It’s okay, I think he was just dreaming.”
“Can coma patients dream?”
“Honestly, I am not sure. The alarm is set to go off if there is a change in brain activity. It seems our friend here had a spike, an increase in activity.”
“That is what I love about this job, I learn something new every day. Now apparently coma patients can have recordable nightmares.”
Heinrich listened to the two and chuckled to himself. If only they knew how they sounded to him.
“This has been such a strange day, I want to rename it ‘Twilight Tuesday’.” Announced the voice.
“Oh? What other events do you speak of?”
“You didn’t hear? I guess they found a dead dolphin washed up on the shore in California and get this…it had legs”
Heinrich could feel himself growing excited, that is, as excited as a man owning nothing more than a brain could get. He could hear the voices grow silent as they left the room.
“You will believe anything the media tells you. Pfft. Dolphins with legs, highly unlikely.”
“It’s true!”
*~*~*
Alfredo fell into a deep sleep. A night of booze and women, gambling and murder. This is the most exhausting thing a man can do. It was a harsh vivid fitful sleep. He was in a dark room with a dimly lit bulb dangling from a chain. It swung back and forth gently, barely casting light upon the face of a shadowy man. 
He tried to stand, but his feet felt heavy. Concrete. Alfredo could see his own reflection in the dark dilated pupils of the man. A hushed whisper could be heard, faint but terrifying. He stepped closer to Alfredo until his face was just visible in the swaying light.
“Do you know who I am?” came the voice
Alfredo knew. He stared at him with a dry throat and felt his blood run cold, but tried to maintain his menacing composure.
“Yea so? I already killed you. You some sort of wise guy?”
Alfredo took aim with his pistol, placing the bead directly between the eyebrows of the man.
“If you want something done, you must do it yourself.” He spat.
Burning. Searing pain. Unforeseen events silenced the thug. A venomous snake coiled around his arm and dripping fangs penetrated his skin. Two small dots of blood stood in place of the snake. His pistol was nowhere to be found.
He could hear the mocking laughter roaring out of Heinrich.
“It won’t be so easy this time Alfredo. I am the big cheese, the head honcho, I am the boss!” he mocked.
His vision began to fade and his heart started to burn. His veins felt as if the blood was replaced with pure jalapeno juice.
“W-What? But how? What’s going on?” He trembled.
*~*~*
“Boss? Come on wake up!” 
“SOMEONE CALL AN AMBULANCE!”
Three hefty men scrambled, unsure of how to handle the situation. Alfredo lay upon his bed unresponsive. His skin was already turning black and decaying around the puncture holes. In the background they could hear the blaring sirens burning up the road.
It was a mere twenty minutes before he was admitted and diagnosed with blood poisoning. Apparently, he was bit by a venomous snake in his sleep. They administered an anti-venom but too much time has passed and they don’t know if he will ever wake up.
Heinrich heard it all and with much pleasure. In the bed next to his was the sleeping body of his worst enemy. In a coma. His plaything.
*~*~*
The man was back. Alfredo felt the cold steel chair beneath him and felt the familiar chill of terror rising. He always thought that he wasn’t afraid of no one, but he had to admit that this man scared the crap out of him. Something about his eyes, void of any emotions, any fear, and any sign of life that scared him the most.
“Welcome back. I hope you feel well rested.” Came the flat voice.
“FUCK YOU! I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!” spat Alfredo.
Heinrich smiled a crooked smile. Only the left side of his lips curled in a sadistic understanding.
“There is no need for that now Alfredo, you see…technically you already have. Unfortunately for you, you only did a half assed job.”
“Maybe so, but I am good at fixing my mistakes!”
Alfredo took aim again, his pistol aimed directly at Heinrich’s head. Heinrich didn’t so much as blink. Unafraid.
“You never learn do you?”
He could feel the click of the trigger and the distinct sound of the firing pin. Nothing happened. A warm sensation radiated from his palm. Alfredo watched in horror as his pistol started to melt, burning into his skin.
The flames started yellow, then turned a nice shade of florescent blue before licking his skin. The pain was immediate and overwhelming. Alfredo screamed in sheer agony as his entire body started to burn like dry kindling on a bonfire.
*~*~*
The nurses rushed to his aid. The mysterious man in a coma started to flat-line and his core temperature rose to dangerous levels. Pools of sweat soaked the sheets beneath Alfredo’s body.
“Clear”
Several jewels of electricity was shot through his body. It took three tries to bring him back from the realm of the dead.
It didn’t take long for the I.V. to feed much need medicine and fluids into his body. Nurses worked diligently to keep ice on him as he started to cool to a safe temperature.
*~*~*
“Did you hear that?” Heinrich spoke with righteous knowledge
“They saved you.”
Alfredo just stared. His body had the extreme ache of third degree burns, but the flames had disappeared into a puff of smoke.
“What is happening here?”
“You haven’t figured it out yet? You are in a coma my friend, just like me.”
“That is impossible, I don’t believe in such Hoodoo!” 
“Good. That will make this all the more satisfying.”
Heinrich gave a quick creepy smile once more and silence filled the realm. Alfredo sat perfectly still on the cold metal chair, not daring to draw his pistol.
“You see Alfredo, Your body is being well looked after. Your dirty money bought you the best medical care a man could wish for. It looks like you and I will be here a very long time.”
His eye’s widened in understanding. Hoodoo or not, Alfredo knew what his fate held.
“KILL ME! COME ON JUST KILL ME AND GET IT OVER WITH.”
“It is not that simple, I am not done.”
The metal chair melted into a pool of water. The room went dark and cold liquid surrounded him. He tried to breath but to no avail. All around him water rushed into the room, until there was nothing but a giant box filled to the brim with liquid. He could hear Heinrich’s sick twisted laughter somewhere in the distant dark corner.
He tried to hold his breath, but eventually had no choice but to inhale the liquid. He felt it suffocate him, squeezing his chest. It was as if he swallowed a chicken bone and wanted to cough it up but his body refused to cough.
“Listen closely and you can hear them saving you. That is my favorite part!” Heinrich laughed.
He could hear the distant voices of nurses and doctors working on his body. They shoved tubes down his throat and did compressions on his chest, until eventually his body was stabilized once more.
The water receded and the bulb lit up the room. That same twisted smile stayed upon Heinrich’s faces.
“Get some rest now, I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be a very long day for you.”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
ROT
Life sucks. I believe the only reason a vast majority of mankind lives it is due to lack of options. Let’s see, live a crappy life or don’t live. Those are not very good choices. It wasn’t until the outbreak that people had a third choice.
Now half of the world is wondering around living their life in limbo. If you choose to call it a life. Undead. The third choice. Don’t kid yourself for a second folks, it has become a choice. 
Somewhere between life, death, and un-dead half-lives are also heart wrenching decisions. Let us take for example Stephen who is currently holding a shotgun and steadily keeping a bead on his own dear brother. Should he shoot and blow Samuel’s brains all over the back wall of their childhood home?
Then there is Samuel whom is so very hungry. Deep down in the rotting recesses of his zombie mind there is still memories and I am certain that if his heart was still beating there would be love for his dear brother.
The moment is almost suspended in an endless series of pro’s and con’s from both parties. On one hand, he is a brother and blood is supposed to be thicker than water. Does that count during the zombie apocalypse? On the other hand, the thought of getting eaten isn’t really that appealing either.
I am sure in rotting brain of Samuel he is thinking…
“Food” 
Or maybe
“Brother no eat! But also FOOD!”
So as I said in the beginning, being undead really is the third choice. Do you wish to be a zombie or do you wish to be a survivor.  I guess what I am asking is…are you a Samuel or are you a Stephen? 
I WISH I WAS SAMUEL
I WANT TO LIVE!
*~*~*
He can’t bear to watch the carnage. His finger shakes as the cool metal crescent shaped trigger makes contact with his flesh. 
“He is not your brother” he whispers to himself.
The footsteps sound hollow and the dragging sound of his leather boots against the old wooden floor of the townhouse sends shivers down his spine.
Stephen dares to look once more. Through the rotting flesh and milky white eyes he can see the resemblance of his younger brother. Even now, as he walks the earth as a cannibalistic monster; Samuel’s dirty brown hair and pronounced jawline hints at what his own appearance would be if he chose to bite the zombie bullet.
A few steps closer now. Closer. Stephen can smell his putrid breath. It was now or never. He closes his eyes tight once more and inhales.
“I’m Sorry” 
He felt the gun kick into his shoulder and could see a bright red light through his eyelids. The sound of the buckshot was shrill and piercing. Silence. 
Stephen exhales in a whoosh and waits briefly. More silence. Slowly, he opens his eyes and his stomach churns. The yellow walls were now decorated with meatballs and sauce. The leftover body lay in a heap across the floor, its blood was a small sticky river rapidly spreading across his favorite Persian rug.
He feels the pain and anguish of his decision immediately and large salty tears sting his eyes. The world around him is drained of all color, of all hope. 
He can hear the loud moans of a small army of hungry flesh eater’s scurrying across his property. It was as he had feared. The loud blast had attracted them and they won’t stop now until they satisfy their hunger.
Through blurry vision and the hefty heaving of his chest, Stephen manages to pull the shell from his shot gun and replace it with a fresh round. The distinct sound of feet upon the steps of his home brought his mind back to the present.
His arms quiver and the barrel bounces back and forth. Twelve? Twenty? He has no clue how many of them there really is, but he is hyper aware that the odds were not in his favor.
The rusty hinges make a nasty squelch as the door is opened. One by one they start to pile into the home, ready to make Stephen into Zombie Goulash.
His mind races with a thousand thoughts at once. His eyes search for an escape but to no avail. He had boarded up the back door and all of the windows mere hours ago and knows the only way in or out is right through that hoard of undead bastards.
He stares at the body of his brother and a fresh round of tears leak from his eyes. His coping mechanism starts to wind down like an antique clock one neglected to wind. He turns the barrel to himself and places it firmly under his chin, ready to end it.
I CAN’T COPE, LETS END IT!
FUCK THEM ZOMBIES! LET’S DO THIS!
*~*~*
It couldn’t be helped, Stephen looked so tasty! Without hesitation, Samuel lunged forward and sank his misshapen rotting teeth deep into the soft flesh of his brother’s neck. Stephen screamed in agony and struggled to free himself but was no match for Samuel’s vicious need to feast.
A spray of crimson painted the walls and large drops of blood dripped from his chin. Samuel wasn’t phased in the least. He continued to rip large chunks of flesh from the dying man until he went from his brother to a lifeless corpse, a quick snack to satisfy a need. I am sure if Zombies had the ability to laugh or make jokes, Samuel would have said something to the effect of…
“Stephen is Snickers”
“Snickers Satisfies the hunger!”
“Arggh”
A strange sound interrupted Samuel’s delicacy.  The scent of blood in the air and the wet gargled scream of pain had attracted the attention of more flesh eater’s.  A small hoard of zombies came scurrying across the old floor of the townhouse.  
Samuel knew, even with his rotting mental capacity; he knew they were here to steal his food right out from under his nose. He frantically bit and swallowed. He spit out the tough parts and savored the sweet soft flesh of the abdomen. 
He felt his little corpse body being gently nudged. All around him more and more creatures bumped and pushed and feasted on HIS meal.
He felt like a runt trying to get milk from the mother but never getting a turn. Samuel tried to scream but nothing but a muffled groan came out. After ten minutes of neglect, he was finally able to get close to his brothers corpse. Nothing. There were only bits of flesh hanging from hard bone structures.
In his mind he cursed the world. He screamed and yelled and told each and every one of those selfish bastards to take a long walk off of a short cliff. The same muffled groan escaped his dry cracked lips.
He watched the hoard disappear through the door in search of another victim. An urge. An endless pang of hunger. This is what drives Samuel.
FOLLOW THE HERD
THEY ARE ASSHOLES AND WE DON’T NEED THEM!
*~*~*
It is bound to happen anyways. Why not just end it here and save yourself agony? Stephen knew that this was not really motivational words, but it was all he had.
He watched them come closer and closer and couldn’t help but smile. It was a sick twisted sense of satisfaction. 
“YOU WILL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE!” he screamed at the mindless hoard.
Several scenes from old black and white mobster movies streamed through the flash player of his mind. For a brief moment he was brave and he was deadly. He imagined himself in an expensive pin striped suit complete with a gray velvet country gentleman’s hat. The feather would dangle in a vivid splash of red just above the rim.
Two bullets. One for him and one for them. If he is going down, he is going to take as many of those bastards with him as he can.
He takes aim and holds steady for a brief moment. In a large echoing boom, he releases his full fury upon them and watches as five un-dead simply became…dead.
They are upon him now and Stephen is aware that this was it. He wanted to think happy thoughts as he died, but was smart enough to know that the only thing going through his mind at time of death would be a hot lead bullet.
He clinches and reacts. The barrel now snuggled against his chin closer than a newly married couple on their honeymoon.
Click. 
Terror fills him as the zombies creep closer and closer. Stephen knew it only took one mistake to end up zombie chow in this god forsaken world. 
How could I be so dumb? He thinks to himself. Though, a part of him knew it was circumstantial; he could not believe he shot them with the only live bullet he had.
“Fucking dud!” he screamed in anger.
I WISH TO BE ZOMBIE CHOW
RUN FUCKER RUN!
*~*~*
Samuel watched the room empty out. If anger was something zombies were capable of, I am sure that Samuel would have drilled a hole right through the back of their heads with his heated death stare.
The room fell silent except for the occasional groan that escaped his lips. With one rotting foot after another, he left his childhood home in search of warm flesh to feast upon.
At first, this endeavor seemed so simple, He walked for a bit and stopped to listen. Occasionally, he would sniff the air hoping to catch a small scent. Blood. Gore. Even the smell of left over bodies would have done. 
The hoard had long moved on and was barely audible in the quiet day. Samuel just trudged on and on until the sun attempted to hide itself from the world. Now pitch black, he used his sense of smell to guide him.
A farmhouse. Somehow his sense of smell had guided him to a large Victorian style home miles away from anything and anyone. Samuel sniffed the air and let out a loud hungry moan. This was it, he had found some food.
He worked his way past the gate and to the left of the barn. His sniffer had decided that the blood was not coming from the home but rather from the henhouse. Confused, Samuel followed the only thing he had…instinct.
As he entered the fence, he found a dead chicken laying in the sun, its flesh already attracting flies. He sank his teeth deep into the fly blown rotting animal and worked the meat into slender portions.
His stomach far from satisfied, he sniffed the air again; this time he couldn’t smell anything other than the fragrant rose bush that adorned the wooden crates just outside of the living room window.
Samuel tried frantically to find something else, ANYTHING ELSE; but failed. Days turned to weeks and his body continued to rot. Desperate weak moans filled the air but fell upon deaf ears. As the zombie apocalypse continues to rage on in some distant part of town, a single zombie; too dumb to find his way back to civilization is doomed to an eternity of solitude and starvation.
THE END
*~*~*
The first shot dropped five of the flesh eaters. Stephen leap over them with ease and squeezed the trigger. He felt his heart drop as nothing left the barrel. He blinked twice and felt crippling panic seize his breathing. The groaning sizzled into a roar of hunger and desperation.
It was more instinct than planning that saved him. A touch on his shoulder. Light at first, then the death grip only the dead can achieve. Stephen swung his shotgun like a lumber-jack swings his axe at the beginning of a busy workday. 
He felt the impact radiate through the metal and vibrate his hands. The nasty wet suckling sounds of skulls being caved in and body parts removing themselves from torsos was incredibly satisfying.
They swarmed and circled him, but couldn’t withstand the terrible force only a desperate scared lunatic could provide. The cool air licked his cheek and the sunshine was brighter than he could recall in ages. 
I made it? He thought to himself.
It took only a second for his body to answer his mind’s question. His legs pumped and his lungs started to burn, but Stephen knew if he stopped he would die. Just over a ridge he found a vacant building. He could hear them in the distance. Their moans of hunger seemed to linger in the air and then gather power. The numbers were growing rapidly and they all had their prize in sight…him.
He kicks the door with all of his might and runs into the dark room. Blindly, he feels around in the dark for something, anything to arm himself with.
USE AN AXE
I FOUND SOME CUTLERY!
*~*~*
He had no clue where they were going, but didn’t really care. There was a strange unspoken pact that seemed to be made when you were part of a hoard. It was as if a promise was made. A promise that eventually the entire hoard WILL find food.
He looked upon the faces of his flesh eating comrades. Some were young, some old, and some were already so decomposed that they left a tiny trail of flesh and parts every-where they went.
It didn’t matter though, as ugly as they were; they were the closest thing to family he had. Off in the distance the smell of blood caught our attention. It didn’t take long for us to track it down and join another small hoard.
A single man, bleeding and dying; lay upon the floor of his home. Slowly, we entered; ready to take our turn feasting. Inside the home was several bullet holes and torn up zombies. It seems that we have walked into the house of a true survivalist. 
What happened next was a surprise to everyone. As we crept closer and closer to the dying man we heard the sound of a pin dropping. The metal echoed as it touched the floor. Samuel just managed to sink his teeth into the tender flesh of the man’s neck when the grenade went off.
Shards of metal ripped through the hoard and lay waste to everyone and everything unlucky enough to be close to the dying man. Though zombies are unaware of their own mortality; I am pretty sure that during his dying moment, just before his head was torn off and his limbs were thrown about the once beautiful home; a string of obscenities including, but not limited to…
“OH FUCK!”
Crossed his rotting brain.
THE END
*~*~*
It hurt’s don’t it? I hope you think of that the next time you eat a cheeseburger. So Okay, Stephen is now zombie chow and you my friend, have come to the end of your adventure. When the zombies actually attack, do us both a favor and make better choices. 
THE END
*~*~*
His hand wrapped around the wooden handle of the axe. In the dark he knew not what he was swinging. He had eliminated the possibilities in his mind and knew that it was either a sledge hammer or an axe. In the broad scheme of things, either one was a blessing to Stephen.
They came in the dark room two at a time. It seemed the narrow entrance helped save his life. He was Babe Ruth. He swung for the fences. Sometimes it was the torso, sometimes it was a clean decapitation. 
His arms ached from the rigorous exercise, but he dare not stop. The dead piled upon one another but seemed endless. Blood and gore splashed upon his face, the spray was surprisingly cool, almost refreshing. Sweat poured from his brow and his breathing was hectic.
It took thirty minutes before the invasion stopped. All Stephen could do was sit in the dark, axe in hand, and cry. He had made it. He had taken on an entire hoard of zombies and became the victor.
He searched around in the dark and found an old kerosene lamp. Lighting the wick, his world was illuminated. Inside this broken down building was some poor soul’s life supplies. He imagined he had stumbled upon the bunker of a survivalist who was unlucky enough to be out of town when shit hit the fan.
Everywhere he looked there was cans of food, ammunition, and even one of those battery operated television sets. Stephen laughed.
“Television? Really? This guy must have been off of his rocker to believe he could still watch his favorite shows during an apocalypse.” He said to no one in particular.
Stephen boarded up the doorway and smiled, relaxing for the first time in a long time. He thought he was safe. The word that danced in his head. Safe.
He survived for three long weeks in that bunker. All of that canned food did him absolutely no good. It seemed the last occupant forgot to bring a can-opener. Stephen knew if he tried to shoot the cans, it would attract the flesh eaters. Too scared to face them again, our hero starved to death.
THE END
*~*~*
A knife? Stephen hoped so. There was no time to argue with himself, he had to face them head on with whatever he could find. He wrapped his fingers around the slender handle and wielded it with conviction.
Sunlight streamed through the cracks of the zombie hoards, lighting up the room just enough to see. Stephen felt fear take hold and his heart sink as he got a good look of his make-shift weapon.
A Spork! What am I going to do with a Spork? He thought to himself. He managed to pop out an eyeball or two but nothing more. The hoard overtook him effortlessly. Through the searing pain and fear Stephen laughed a maniacal laugh.
He didn’t know if he would die or he would become un-dead. The thought of becoming the only zombie with a Spork in his hand allowed him to see the humor in his own demise.
THE END
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Depraved
Everyone has a poison. Some are so minuscule that it is overlooked, but others are often life altering. James was not a Heroin addict, nor did he drink or beat his wife to a bloody pulp. His poison however, was the most depraved of all of them. 
James was a thrill junkie. Better yet, James was a death junkie. He fed off of the adrenaline that came with his own near death experiences and his appetite was insatiable.
It started off small such as most addictions do. He would spin a bullet in a revolver and play a happy game of “Russian Roulette” to the beat of his favorite Nirvana album. This was enough for a little while and it became routine. All of his buddies never knew why James would sit alone in his tiny apartment on a Friday night when he could be hitting on women and drinking himself into a state of euphoria at the local pub.
The answer was simple. The high he got from almost dying every week was much more thrilling than the company of any lady. No amount of alcohol could quench the thirst for such an exciting depraved act such as that.
Just like any true junkie, the addiction had cost him everything. He lost his friends, he lost his job, and he lost his apartment. It had also cost him his index and thumb on his right hand in a dangerous game of man versus machine. 
That was the real turning point for James. He worked in the automotive industry, rather he did before he got fired for “unsafe practices”. Every day for ten years he would run a machine with a diamond tipped cutter. He would watch with fascination as the machine would skin the metal off of the car rims with such ease. 
One day he decided to risk death and attempt to run underneath it. Most of him made it, but his thumb and index was not so lucky. The pain was torture and the blood sprayed in large streams. James did not care. The adrenaline rush of living through such a dangerous scenario was ecstasy to him. Unfortunately for him, his boss didn’t understand his addiction and fired him the day of his release from the emergency room. He had become a “liability.”
So the years came and went, as years tend to do. His addiction stayed with him through it all. James did suffer with depression on occasion. After all, how can someone purposely risk death so often and live into retirement age? He stayed awake on more than one night trying to find an answer to that question.
After some soul searching, it came to him. He wasn’t trying hard enough. That was his discovery. He was young and healthy, he had a greater chance of success than he did of failure. 
*~*~*
The sound of his knee brace being snugged into place filled the room with sounds of victory. James sat quietly on his bed and stretched his leg out before him. He felt the familiar sensation of strain and grind on his knee cap. A twisted smile spread across his face as he relived the memory of his grand injury. A building. A parking lot. A dumpster just a mere twenty feet or so from the curb. He knew that if he jumped off the roof and missed the dumpster he would be nothing more than a nasty thick stain on the crowded sidewalk.
He remembers the feeling of free falling from the five story rooftop, unsure if he would make it or not. That event ended with a nasty knee surgery but nothing more. If he would have leaned just a hair to the right before impact, his entire body would have crashed into the dumpster safe and sound. Sadly, his leg bounced off of the lip and he suffered several fractures and a blown out knee.
James stretches his leg once more and attempted to stand. His aching leg trembled from the pressure but eventually adjusted to the weight. The sun was shining brightly through the window and the birds were chirping their happy song. It would be an ideal day to be in the big city except for one thing, the traffic.
He could hear the maddening sounds of horns blaring even through the thick pane of glass that adorned the window seal of his third story apartment. Off in the distance a fire truck whizzed by, its sirens almost deafening.
It took a moment for him to will his knee to bend and move but before he knew it he was standing at the looking glass. He peered down at all the tiny insignificant people walking back and forth. They looked like tiny helpless ants to him. Confused and hungry. They would scatter from the zebra crossing as the light switched from red to green, from “walk” to “oh shit a car!”
James often wondered if they ever found happiness. What was their “one thing” that sets them apart and keeps their blood flowing. Do they even have a thing? He notices the blonde in the red dress and how she slowly walks by the construction site. Her hips wiggle seductively as she passes the sweaty muscled workers. Obviously a ploy for attention. That must be what gets her heart pumping on a dull sunny Monday afternoon.
She reminds him of Sally. Poor Sally. He come to think of her as “Suicide Sally” over the years. His darling sweet niece that lived to be all of twenty three years of age. She didn’t have a “one thing”. Quite the opposite or so it seemed. Sally was sweet and caring and utterly boring. She never broke one single rule. She never drank. She never smoked pot. She never had unprotected sex with a random guy at a bar for no other reason than to boost her own self- esteem.
That was what James feared the most. What if he stopped his own madness? What if the thrill of the experiences left and he lost his own “one thing”? He thinks he too would end up like Sally and become hopelessly miserable. 
He watches the blonde turn down the boulevard and cross the road near the Thirty Second Street subway station. He just sighs and walks back to the bed. His arm stretches out gingerly and searches for his little silver canteen. He feels the familiar burn of whiskey slide down his intestines and smiles a sad smile.
 “This will be the one old boy and you know it.” The gnawing voice in the back of his head whispers to him.
He picks up the pad of paper and pencil that lay opposite of him and touches the graphite to the parchment.
“To whom it may concern,
Today I shall attempt my final thrill. If you are reading this than I have lost. I don’t know how you found me or what assumptions you may have made, but I assure you the fault lays with me and not with some poor unsuspecting motorist.
This obsession of mine has been lifelong. I am sick. Please forgive and forget about my death. 
Yours Truly,
James Jacobson.”
He places the pad of paper neatly on his side table with the pencil upon it and hopes that when the time comes it will be discovered.
*~*~*
The wind felt sharp against his skin. This was partly because of the cold front but James thought his exposed flesh was unprepared for this endeavor. How long had he keep himself hidden away? Days? Weeks? Either way it felt great to have his skin kissed by nature once more. 
He breathed deeply. He let the oxygen fill his lungs and swirl around before exhaling. This was the part he enjoyed the most about it all, how alive he felt and how vivid everything was. James was a smart man after all, and he knew that this could be his last breath. He knew that bird chirping just beyond the powerlines could be the last creature he saw and the last sound he heard. He was in no hurry at all.
He strolled slowly past the row of vendors and took in the smells. The gruff voice of a hotdog merchant tried to entice him to purchase the greasy fattening food, but he would not budge. He just wanted to enjoy the free smells.
His pronounced limp made a strange ticking sound as his feet made contact with the pavement in a very unusual beat. He could see the faces of onlookers and the sympathy in their eyes as he passed them. His leg brace felt so tight around his aching knee that he was sure circulation wasn’t flowing properly but that didn’t matter none now did it?
Just north of the overpass he found his position. A particularly crowded section of highway that seemed to flow with traffic, the true veins of Route 23. 
James knew his chances of crossing all four lanes of traffic blindfolded during lunch hour with a bum knee stacked the odds against him and it made his adrenaline pump tenfold. Slowly he sat upon the curb and stretched out his leg once more, feeling that grinding and popping all the way through his weary body. 
He clicked the metal reel of his lighter and lit a cigarette. He enjoyed the rich bold flavor as the nicotine took hold and calmed his nerves. He smiled and waited for the pain to subside.
“That could possibly be the very last time I feel that pain”  
What a happy thought. 
The thin fabric that hung from his back pocket was named destiny. Such a silly thing to do maybe, but to James that is exactly what that blindfold was. He stretched it in his hands and held it close. A rite of passage perhaps. He watched the cars blur by in a Technicolor streak. It reminded him of run off from an artist’s paintbrush. 
He could handle the anticipation no longer and tied the blindfold tightly around his eyes. It was as if all his other senses were immediately heightened. He could hear the confused mumbles of people crowding the walk way. The smell of the hotdogs being roasted made his stomach churn and protest.
He breathed deeply and stood. 
“What is my last thought?” he whispered to himself
His mind drew a blank, he did not know what he deemed important enough in his miserable little life to make it a dying man’s final thought.
Spider-Man. God how it pissed him off when they remade the movie. 
“The Amazing Spider-Man? HA! The only thing amazing about that crappy flick was the credits!” 
His whisper had been more audible than he had intended but as he knew, once again; it didn’t matter none now did it?
Two steps. He felt his feet leave the sidewalk. The sounds of cars whizzing by made him hyper aware. Two more steps and a deep breath. Car horns blaring.
His legs tried to freeze up on him and it took a moment for his body to react to the danger he was in. Finally, he was walking at a hurried pace. 
“WHAT’S YOUR PROBLEM ASSHOLE?” Screamed a voice.
He could hear tires squelching upon the blacktop and the horrifying sounds of metal being crumpled upon more metal. In the distance a police cruiser was warning him of his impending arrest.
Time seemed to stop. James had no idea how far into traffic he had walked or how long he had been walking. He was surprised that he was still walking at all, he thought for sure he would be a nasty stain on the blacktop by now.
More blaring horns and a gust of wind. He could hear the steady trickle of traffic just behind him. He made it halfway! Ten more feet. Twenty. The toe of his size eleven boots crashed hard against the sidewalk. 
The pain was both surprising and disappointing at the same time. He lifted his legs and stood on the other side, victorious. The sunlight invaded his pupils as he removed the cloth. All around him he could see the faces of angry onlookers. Words he wished he could forget were screamed at him from the last lane of traffic.
“Same to you buddy!” he stated flatly
He held his head down and waited. It only took five minutes before a nice young policeman cuffed him and took him away. 
*~*~*
He will never forget his two days in jail. He was treated better in there than he has been in the real world in a very long time. It wasn’t the free food or the little television mounted in the corner that was tuned to his favorite station, it was the honest to goodness concern about his health from the officers.
He spent his time thinking about the incident and how the odds were stacked against him. Shit, he should have been a gambler! James knew that winning money at a Casino, no matter how large; would never give him the same rush.
He slid the metal key into his door and turned the knob. Walking to the bed, he crumpled up his note and tossed it on the floor. A large sight of disappointment escaped.
“All well, there is always next time.” he said to no one in particular.
James laid out his clean clothes neatly on the bed and stripped. Stepping into the shower for the first time in days allowed his body to relax. This was his special time. A time to unwind.
The hot water cascaded off his body and the foamy residue of the shampoo ran in rivers upon his eyes. He let his mind wonder off to all the terrible adventures he survived in his life-time. Were they a success or were they a failure? He will never know.
He slowly reached down for the soap and felt his knee pop. The excruciating pain cause him to clench. It didn’t register at first. The ceiling replaced the wall and the floor was nowhere to be found. His body tumbled through the air until his head made contact with the cold hard siding of the tub. 
His vision started to fade and his body went numb. If he knew this would be his last thought, he would have tried harder.
“Where is the soap?”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
The Murder Show
Loneliness is the long wet dark asphalt reflecting in the high beams in a gentle storm on a long trip back to your cold empty home at three in the morning. It is the silence. Loneliness is the emotion that keeps the brain switch on and the heart switch melted. People deal with loneliness in many ways. Some will turn off their hearts and become un-feeling, dead inside. Those people are the lucky ones.
People like Penny Andrews, they are the true victims. They lay awake each and every night feeling inferior to the rest of the human population.  They toss, they turn, and the rugged hand of insomnia squeezes the sleep from their bodies until they are left with an exhausted mess of self- loathing. The only comfort they ever seem to find is in the act of routine itself. It never matters what it is, just as long as it is…consistent.
That is why Penny Andrews is awake in her tiny dark apartment with only the glow of her laptop to keep her company. That is why the moon and the sun dance in the sky and the vibrant glow of a waning moon and the orange backsplash of a rising sun goes un-noticed each and every day by the lonely sad woman. Routine.
Once again, it is Friday night and nothing new invaded her life. She tries to sleep but even the sheep refuse to jump across the canvas of her mind. They can’t be blamed at all. It is exhausting to jump back and forth for hours on end every night while a desperate woman counts you over and over again. Much to the relief of the sheep, a tub of over- priced ice cream from the twenty four hour station and a great pirated horror movie replaces them in the line-up of maniacal insomniac attempts of slumber.
Penny reads the titles out loud as she looks for the perfect companion for the night. Description’s attempt to entice and artist’s renditions of horrific creatures and murderous plotlines try to steal her attention at every turn. Penny is not impressed.
Maybe she is picky. Maybe she is bored easily. Secretly, she thinks she is growing too bold for her own good. She grew up on this stuff. By the age of fourteen she has danced with Freddy Kruger in her pajamas many times. She shared weekends with her Hockey masked lover and watched her killer doll child grow up and get married and produce an heir of its own. 
Yep. She was sure that was it. Penny Andrews is immune. She was about to give up when an obscure title with a realistic cover appeared on her screen. She didn’t remember clicking anywhere, but as any insomniac knows, sometimes your mind and your body don’t always coincide. Through puffy burning eyes, she reread the description once more.
“The brutal death of a family.”
Such a short and precise premise. She loved it! Something about the cover gave her chills as well. A plain peach wall with a tiny crack in it was splashed with gore. The wall itself reminded her of her own tiny bachelor pad. Come to think of it, wasn’t her living room painted peach? Wasn’t there a tiny crack as well? 
She struggled to recall. YES! That is why that mismatched ugly painting adorned the south wall. She hated that painting. Only thing is, she hated that nasty cracked section worse. So she spent a whopping two bucks on the first painting she spotted at the flea market just to cover it up. It was all here. The simplicity. The realism. Best of all, it was a movie she has never seen before. For the first time in a long time, Penny felt excited about something.
Somewhere between thirty two and two hundred megabytes, popcorn was made.
*~*~*
The angle of the camera was spectacular! Penny could see the mundane activities of a balding man in his early forties. At first, she thought this was definitely a “B” movie with no special effects; but upon closer inspection she decided the simplistic view of a hidden camera WAS the special effect. Realism. She loved it.
She watched as the plump balding man straighten his tie for the fourth time and picked up his black leather suitcase. A stream of sunlight radiating from the crack of the lime green curtains reflected nicely off of the leather giving a fabulous speckled effect.
Another mouth full of popcorn and a swish of cola to wash it down. She could feel that incredible high that came with watching a new horror. She was impressed by the small details and how closely it resembled her own little place. A sudden urge to run downstairs and inspect her curtains washed over her. It was lime green. She knew it was. How exciting!
Slowly, her left leg shifted and folded over her right leg. Penny sat up and fluffed her pillow and sunk her weight into her elbow, her eyes never leaving the inviting glow of her computer screen.
A figure of a woman with a luscious head of brown hair zoomed in front of the hidden camera. Penny watched and waited for a glimpse of her face but never did it come. Instead, she watched as the woman started running a sink full of hot water. Boring.
She was fighting with herself to skip the scene. After all, if she wanted to watch someone obsessively clean she would go visit her mother. Another stream of sunlight invaded the lens, this time it was from the front door. A masked figure holding a butcher knife crept into view.
A tall scary fellow showed no fear as he looked directly into the lens of the camera. Penny could see the rage radiate from the man’s green eyes and swallowed hard. Finally, the movie is starting to redeem itself.
A faint humming came from the kitchen. The clean plate was dipped into clear cold water and set neatly into a drying rack. The man crept closer, slowly, leading with the gleaming blade as we walked.
*~*~*
Penny was on the edge of her seat. Her popcorn was finished and her soda was flat but she dare not move. Through the eye of the camera came a flash of yellow. Hollow echoing thuds followed suit.
“Mommy! Mommy! I can’t find my….” 	
She was about ten. It was really hard to guess. The masked man clamped his hand over her mouth and slid the razor sharp blade to her throat. On screen, all you could see was the fear in her eyes and her body shake uncontrollably. A sadistic smile spread past the black ski mask and stayed on the man’s face. It was obvious how much he enjoyed her little shivers of terror.
Penny could feel her own cold shiver of terror. This movie was rapidly becoming too real but her adrenaline wouldn’t allow her eyes to move away from the scene unfolding.
“What baby? What did you say?”
The ceramic plate fell from her hands and echoed through the large home. Several shards bounced back and stuck deep into the flesh of her foot. The woman stood still unaware of the pain. A low husky voice penetrated the silence of the home.
“If you do what I want I won’t hurt her.”
“W-what do you w-want?” the woman stuttered in terror
“SIT DOWN!”
She stay frozen in fear and stared deep into the angry eyes of her assailant. The tip of the blade slid slowly down the little girl’s throat and ripped the collar of her dress. It lingered in an obscene manner for a brief moment before it was trailed to the girl’s midsection. A quick turn of the blade slashed the top of the girls arm. Blood immediately trickled from the wound and dripped onto the carpet, staining it crimson. Loud screams of pain and tears escaped the little girl.
“I can do more than just kill her! I will only ask you one more time. SIT DOWN!”
Penny watched as the woman slowly sat upon the chair, physically sobbing with fear.
The man gripped the girl by her long hair and pulled her towards the woman. The little girl was flung against the woman with such force that her body bounced off of her and lay in a crumpled heap upon the carpet.
The man reached into his pocket and pulled out a roll of duct tape. The distinct sound known to the entire world filled the air as he stretched out a long strip and tore it with his teeth. She could feel the pressure of tape tightly binding her arms to the chair. 
*~*~*
Penny paused the movie and took a deep breath. It has been a very long time since a movie has scared her this much. Something about it though, something about it made her more than scared, it made her stomach churn. She grabbed the ball bat that stay hidden in her closet and slowly walked downstairs and out the front door for a brief moment.
The cool night air did little to relieve the terror. She stared at the metal bat reflecting in the moonlight and felt the cold against her skin. She chuckled.
“What are you doing? Get ahold of yourself, it’s just a movie!”
One more deep breath and she was back in her nice safe bed.
*~*~*
The man picked the little girl up from the floor, her head wobbling from side to side in a dazed and confused fashion. 
“LOOK AT YOUR DAUGHTER! LOOK AT HER!”
The woman stared at her daughter and swallowed hard.
“Please! Don’t hurt her! I’ll do what you tell me, just don’t hurt her”
“I won’t hurt her, I promise.” came the flat response.
“BUT YOU WILL!”
Penny could see the surprise on the woman’s face as the man placed the butcher knife in her palm and closed her fist. Before the woman could process what was happening, the little girl was pushed hard against her. The blade drove easily into the little girl’s stomach and blood cascaded over the metal blade. A wet gurgling sound escaped her as her lifeless body fell upon the carpet once more.
“NO! NOOOO!” The woman thrashed and screamed and tried to swing the blade, but the duct tape held her in place. A painful slap to the bare skin of the woman’s cheek reverberated. She dropped the weapon in defeat and held her head down and sobbed.
“WHAT DO YOU WANT YOU SON OF A BITCH? WHAT ELSE COULD YOU POSSIBLY WANT FROM ME?” 
She screamed and struggled but never looked up, her hair covering her eyes.
“Shh everything will be okay. I have someone who wants to speak to you.”
With her eyes fixated on the bloody corpse of her daughter, she felt the unfamiliar feeling of helpless courage rise from deep within herself.
“Go fuck yourself!”
Another hard slap to her cheek. This time her head snapped to the left from the impact. Penny bit her lip in anticipation as the hidden camera captured the front door swing open. The familiar sight of the leather briefcase and the balding man came into view.
A small smile came across Penny’s face. “I didn’t see that coming!” she thought to herself. 
“Honey I’m home!” 
“JOHN I’M HERE! HELP ME! HEEELLLP MEEEE!” 
She rocked back and forth and screamed for help but the only reply was raucous laughter.
“You look good baby! The duct tape is quite alluring, I wish I would have thought about that before all of this.” 
Penny could hear the confusion in the woman’s voice.
“Look at what he did to our baby! OH GOD LOOK JOHN. LOOK AT WHAT HE DID!”
“Shh it will be okay Penny. She was a brat anyways!”
*~*~*
Realization was a force equal to a nuclear blast. Penny rewound the scene and listened closely. 
“Shh it will be okay Penny. She was a brat anyways!”
She paused the movie and sat up straight, goosebumps already littering her skin. She felt her breath catch in her throat. Memories came flooding back to her, stinging her like a thousand hornets. Emotional. Mental. Physical.
A blood curdling scream of rage escaped her lips as she flung the laptop across the room. 
“WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS? WHY MUST I RELIVE THIS TORTURE?”
She closed her eyes and felt her heart break. She knew how the movie ended. She recalled how her husband paid a man to kill her and her daughter for the life insurance money. The only satisfaction she got was when she managed to escape and drive that blade into the man’s neck, spilling his evil blood all over the house. Then she…
She inhaled and exhaled. What did she do? What happened next? She struggled to recall. Partial flashbacks became a hazy view in her mind’s eye. 
“I turned. I turned and I swung the blade at John. I felt sheer hatred and betrayal. Then I…”
She swallowed hard and said the words.
“I died.”
“John shot me in the heart.”
Penny slumped over her bed and let the tears fall freely.
“He shot me in the heart! I loved him and he shot me in the heart!”
Rage filled her. She rushed downstairs and flung open the kitchen drawer, pulling out a butcher knife.
*~*~*
The teens chuckled and slurred their words as they spoke. On the porch of the house was a twelve pack of empty beer bottles, evidence of their courage.
“They say the ghost of Penny Partridge still lingers in this house. That anyone foolish enough to enter will be slaughtered on sight.”
Billy laughed a drunken hysterical laugh.
“They also say if you listen closely you will hear her screaming in pain. I think it is all hogwash. Really? I mean…If any of this is true wouldn’t it be on the news? Come on guys don’t be such pushover’s.”
His fingers curled around the door knob and twisted. An eerie screech rang in his ears as the old door was opened for the first time in years.
“See? What did I tell you? Don’t be pussies.”
A pair of eyes, glowing with anger and hellfire speckled the dark room. Billy felt a sharp pain in his abdomen. Again. Again. His friends watched in horror as several wide gashes spilled blood and soaked the wood porch. They screamed but the sound was drown out by another scream. An enraged scream.
“LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID TO OUR BABY! LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID. FUCK YOU! LOOK AT YOUR DAUGHTER! LOOK AT HER!”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Hanging onto Hope
“It was just terrible … just horrible. I don’t understand how … You know we were meant to be burying my father today and then this … Please. It’s been a long day. I would really like to get back to my family now.” – Witness statement number one.

George sat in his house. No lights were on, but his face was lit with blue from his computer screen. He browsed through porn sites. Flicking from one unsatisfying thing to the next. All the girls looked the same to him now. Not even that gave him any joy anymore.
He clicked out of those browsers and checked his email. No new messages.
He picked up his phone to look at the time or to check if he had received a call and hadn’t heard it. Ten thirty. No calls. No text messages.
He closed the screen of his laptop and sat for a moment in the darkness, waiting for his eyes to adjust. Once they had, he stood up and shuffled his way to the kitchen, pulling the cord switches on the hanging globes along the way. Casting swaying, stretching shadows in his wake. 
He opened his fridge and took out a can of baked beans. After opening it he peeled back the lid and chugged it, cold, straight from the can. He wiped his face with the back of his hand, hung his head and sobbed.

“I really don’t know what to tell you, Officer. It just doesn’t make any sense. Dear God, please help us. How could this have happened? All those people. They will be in my prayers for the rest of my life. That much I can tell you.” – Witness statement number two.

The school children ran past on the sidewalk. Some laughing, some chatting noisily to their parents and friends, some being dragged along not wanting to go. George watched them from inside his dark house. He sat behind his screen door. He sighed as tears continued to roll down his sunken cheeks. 
He had to go out to today but he didn’t want to. He had maybe ten dollars left in his bank account, but he needed to go shopping. 
He finished watching the children happily go to school, reminiscing about lives past lived. He stood up and pushed his chair back to his table. He got dressed and got in the car.

“I don’t understand why yer askin me. I saw nothing. I did nothing.” – Witness statement number three.

George browsed through the hardware store. He held the rat poison in one hand as he felt the different types of ropes with the other. Thin plastic ones in bright colours, blues, greens, oranges. Thick, more natural looking ropes, ones that looked more suited for use at sea. He wandered back and forth in front of them for what seemed like an eternity. 
He began to wonder if he was truly invisible.
“Can I help you, sir?” an employee asked, his tone oozed disinterest.
“Err …” George looked at the hardware employee. His dreary eyes and gum-chewing mouth made George feel uncomfortable. Would this kid be able to help him? 
“Yes. Could you please tell me if you could … err … what is the weight capacities of these ropes?” 
“Umm … It says right there, Sir. On the price tag,” said the employee almost immediately turning to walk away.
“Ah. Yes. I see it now,” said George. He looked at the slowly retreating employee and panicked. “Which one would you choose?”
The employee turned back, rolling his eyes ever so slightly. “I dunno. That one?” he pointed to the closest one to him.
“Thank you. Thank you for your help,” said George, picking up the suggested roll of thick rope, tan and rough. “Thanks so much.” He bowed to the back of the employee, then he turned his hunched shoulders and walked away.

“I have never seen anything like it in all my life. We were there for my uncle’s or cousin’s or something’s funeral and then we all saw that. Straight outta a horror movie I’m telling you. Shit, I can still see all their faces in my head.” – Witness statement number four.

One last school day. One last tin of baked beans. One last goodbye to old family photos. Then a short drop and a quick stop.
George swung from the rafters of his ceiling. The rope held strong. There would be no need for the backup rat poison.

“I really just want to get back to my family. Please. I just want to see my kids. They are too little to see something like that. Can you at least tell me if they are okay?” – Witness statement number five.

George watched his body as it still swung. He drifted around to see his own dead face. Eyes bulging. Neck bent at an odd angle. He couldn’t tell how long he watched himself. But he could see his body beginning to decay. Like a time lapse movie.
This wasn’t right. This wasn’t how it was meant to happen. He was meant to go somewhere else. Meant to go anywhere but this house.
He watched as his skin changed colour and flies crawled in and out of his rotting flesh. 
The kids still came and went from school. Some changed sides of the road to walk on, but most just hurried by, covering their noses as they walked past.
Soon they forgot about that.
He watched and waited as his phone stayed silent and his body turned leathery.
Where sadness once was, anger grew. His rage swelled within his soul. He was made only of that hate. 
Then one day there was a knock at his door.

“I really wish I could tell you more. I didn’t see anyone leave the place. Everyone that went in never came out. Strange thing that. Strange thing.” – Witness statement number six.

Ashley received the call while at work. She sat in a board meeting going over a presentation with her staff. It was a hot day outside, she could see the heat wavering off the other skyscrapers. She was briefly thankful for the air conditioning and then refocused her attention back on the presentation. 
Her assistant popped her head cautiously in the doorway, a young girl, mousey and meek. She motioned to Ashley and Ashley nodded to her. The girl ran in, cowering, and headed straight toward Ashley. 
“There is a call for you on line three,” she said.
Ashley rolled her eyes. “Take a message, I thought it was something important.”
“They said it was urgent,” said the girl, then she lent in close to Ashley’s ear and whispered. “It’s the police.”
Ashley stiffened at this. It was like being summoned to the principal’s office. She instantly felt guilty. 
Ashley stood up and excused herself from the meeting. She walked out the door and headed to her office. “Transfer the call,” she said to her assistant without looking at her.
Could it be her brother again? If she had to bail that little bastard out one more time she would scream.
She walked into her office and sat down.
She hoped it wasn’t her mother. God, what would she do if it was about her mother?
She picked up the phone. “Hello.”
“Good morning. Is this Mrs Ashley Dias?” said the officer.
“Yes. I’m Ashley Dias. Is my brother in trouble again, because I told him …” she began rambling.
“No, Mrs Dias, this is not about your brother. This is about your father,” said the officer.
She scoffed. “My father? What has he done?”
“I think it would be best if you came down to the station, Mrs Dias,” said the officer.
“I don’t have the money to bail him out if that is what you want me to do,” she said, readying herself to hang up the phone.
“No. We believe your father … Mrs Dias. We believe your father has passed,” said the officer.
“What do you mean you believe he has passed? Well, is he dead or not?” she said, her voice cold, but she felt a lump rising in her throat.
“It isn’t the problem of knowing if he has passed. If it is his body. When was the last time you spoke to your father?” asked the officer.

“Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck … I can’t get it out of my head.” – Witness statement number seven.

The house was filled with the smell of pine needles and of a roast dinner baking in the oven. The lounge room was still a mess. A rainbow of coloured paper, torn and tattered, scrunched and thrown, discarded for the surprises inside. 
Ashely’s mum, Allison, sat outside sipping on what she called a ‘breakfast cocktail’ which was just chardonnay with a splash of juice. Her brothers had arrived and stood outside with her husband, trying to spark up the barbeque. The kids were also outside setting up their new Slip and Slide, their cousins hanging back just waiting for fun. It was going to be a hot Christmas. 
Ashley watched her family out the back. There were still more to come, much more: extended family, great aunts, friends and cousins and other distant relatives. It was her turn to have Christmas at her house which meant a big clean up but no travelling, so she was happy.
Relatives showed up and took their place around the outdoor table, helping themselves to beer or wine or food. Everything was going well, everyone was happy, then there was a knock at the door.
George leaned on the other side. He stunk of booze. His face was unshaven. His eyes unfocused. 
Ashley’s body tensed. Part of her had expected her father to just show up, she had just been praying he wouldn’t have been able to afford alcohol beforehand. 
“Well, are you just gonna stand there or are you gonna let yer old man in?” he said, swaying.
She weighed up her options and made her decision. “Sure, George. Come in,” she said. 
He stumbled in, almost falling and colliding with Ashley, but he managed to right himself. 
“George!” came Allison’s shrill voice from behind Ashley.
“Oh! Alli, you are looking fine this Christmas morning. How is my beautiful wife?” George said with a laugh as he teetered off the edge of sobriety.
“You can’t be here, George!” said Allison. “I’m not your wife anymore.”
“Sure you are, we have rings that back me up,” he said coming to sway next to Allison.
“George, you’re drunk. You need to go,” said Allison.
I should’ve just closed the door, Ashley thought.
“Why? They are my family too God damn it!” said George, right before he threw up all over the torn and tattered Christmas wrapping paper.

“Truly, officer. Once I heard the screams I didn’t bother going inside. I knew I didn’t want to see anything that caused screams like that.” – Witness statement number eight.

As Ashley headed down to the police station, she thought about that day three years ago when she had last seen her father. He had tried contacting her for the first year and a half, but she had never answered him. He had sent emails telling her how he had cleaned himself up and he had tried to call her at work and home. 
She went over that day, trying to figure out what she could have done differently, but she knew she would’ve never closed the door on George’s face. 
She remembered when she was a child. He would give her piggy back rides around their back yard. She remembered him spraying her and her brothers with the hose in summer. She remembered him building forts in the lounge room and her mum screaming at them for using her good sheets. 
He was her daddy.
He was also the same man who came to her school play drunk. The same man who walked around the streets every Christmas morning to steal the beer people had left out for their garbage men. 
She got to the police station, half expecting to see her brother’s familiar car in the parking lot, hoping that one of them had come to take away this burden from her. But she knew she was kidding herself. No one else would be there today. She was alone. And her father was dead.

“I think I smelled gas, you know. Has anyone considered that? That’s what my money is going on.” – Witness statement number nine.

Allison wore a slinky black dress and sipped on a glass of chardonnay. Black mascara tears rolled down her cheeks. “If only I knew he was in such a dark place,” she blubbered, taking a sip of wine.
Ashley sat watching her children play in the back yard. Two of her brothers had shown up at her house once they had heard the news, her eldest brother was yet to show. 
“I was just thinking about giving him a call last week,” Allison cried into her wine glass.
“No you weren’t, mum,” said Ashley.
“Yes, I was. I was thinking about calling him, last Monday it was,” Allison defended.
“He had been hanging there for six months, mum. It wouldn’t have mattered,” said Ashley. She couldn’t cry anymore. The guilt had settled in nicely inside her heart.
“So, when’s the old man’s funeral?” asked one of her brothers.
“Next week,” said Ashley as she stood up and went outside play with her kids.
“I guess we are expected to organize it, huh?” said her brother.
“It’s all done,” said Ashley as she slammed the sliding door behind her.

“I wasn’t even meant to be going to that funeral. I wish I had just stayed home. I didn’t notice if there was anyone strange hanging around. How could anyone notice anything with that scene inside?” – Witness statement number ten.

George’s house stood dark and silent, shrouded with over-grown grass and garden, it looked as if no one had lived there for years, not just six months.
Ashley stood at the end of the garden path. Her legs were stuck fast to the mossy pavers. Her white knuckles clung to the bucket she had brought with her, just in case she felt the need to clean while she was there.
Her father had never been much of a gardener, never one to mow the lawns on Sunday mornings with the rest of the fathers in their street. He would’ve much preferred to pay someone to do it for him. She guessed that paying someone had no longer been an option for him for some time.
Even from the outside, the house still smelled of death. Or maybe it was just Ashley’s imagination. Either way, real or not, the smell was already making her gag. The thought that the smell was that of her own father’s rotting corpse made the guilt and the sick and the regret boil in her stomach, wanting to escape.
She couldn’t stand there much longer. She readied herself and then strode down the path to the front door, business heels clacking and slipping all the way.
She opened the door with the keys given to her by the police. 
The door swung open slowly, with a long and terrible scream from its hinges. 
A wave of sadness and anger washed over her, almost palpable. 
The house was in terrible disrepair. Mould grew in spotty patches over the cracked walls that were lined with photo frames. The floor tiles were thick with dirt. The smell of rot was still strong in the air. It was silent and still as if the house itself were holding its breath, waiting and wasting away.
Ashley dropped the cleaning bucket and walked over to look at the frames. The photos were all of her and her brothers. 
Her father’s laptop sat on the table in the lounge room, its light still blinking. Curiosity got the better of her and she opened it up. The last thing her father had looked at was his empty email account. Another pang of guilt struck her in her belly.
A floorboard creaked somewhere in the house, making Ashley jump and look up from the computer screen. She moved away from the computer.
There was a light coming from the hallway that she swore had not been there before. It swayed and moved, casting long dancing shadows down the hallway.
“Hello?” she called out, but no one answered.
She followed the hallway down toward the kitchen. The death smell thickened.
That is when she saw it ­– The place where they had found him. It had been the mailman who had reported it, the police had said. He had grown worried when the mail had piled up for so long. 
Her father’s mailman had been more worried about him than his own family.
There was a bare rafter between the kitchen and his bedroom. The ceiling had been stripped from around it so that he could use it for his purpose. There was a patch of brown muck on the floor tiles below the exposed rafter. 
Ashley stood at the place where her father had hung, alone, for so long. Her nerves were on edge. 
The smell and dirtiness and wrong of the place was crawling under her skin. 
Everything inside her wanted to leave, but she couldn’t. 
Something flickered in the corner of her sight, making her flinch and turn toward it but nothing was there.
Ashley felt something tickle the back of her arm. She turned around and screamed.

“I can’t help you. I am so sorry. All those people there for a funeral and that happened. It could’ve been me. What a terrible, terrible thing.” – Witness statement number eleven.

“Why didn’t you bring the kids?” said Allison, makeup perfectly done.
“A funeral is no place for children, mother,” said Ashley. 
“But he was their grandfather,” said Allison, beginning to tear up.
“I’m not bringing my kids to a funeral,” said Ashley with finality.
“Well, who’s looking after them?” said Allison.
Ashley rolled her eyes. “Dave, you know, their father.”
People had begun to assemble out the front of the crematorium. People that Ashley had not seen since her childhood and family that got together at Christmas and birthdays and parties. All of them wearing sunglasses and clutching at tissues and displaying dejected faces. All lies. All a façade for the masses coming to grieve the forgotten.
They began following Ashley into the service hall. Ashley walked toward the podium. Eulogy clutched in her hand although she knew she wouldn’t need it. 
There was no clergyman for the service, none of them were religious people, but Ashley was beginning to rethink her faith or lack thereof. 
She stood at the podium and watched as her brothers and other family members brought her father’s casket down the aisle. Tears rolled down her face as she thought about her children.
Everyone was quiet. Staring at Ashley, waiting for her big speech. Waiting to hear how lovely her dad was, how caring he was, how much she loved and cherished him.
“My father …” She looked out at the expectant faces in the crowd. “Was a lonely man,” she said. People didn’t change their expressions. “He was lonely because we all made him that way”
Murmurs began to ripple through the crowd.
“We cast my father aside like a piece of garbage,” shouted Ashley
The doors of the crematorium slammed shut and locked.
“We all sat by and let him rot away in his house,” she screamed.
Nooses, like snakes, slithered down from the ceiling. People began to shriek as George appeared, hanging above his coffin. His rotting body dangling. His hollow eye sockets staring at his victims. The ropes reached out for the gatherers as they tried to escape, looping around their heads, tightening around their necks, dragging them up towards the ceiling.
Their screams were truncated by gagging and choking noises. They writhed and squirmed to get free. 
Her mother, dangling from her noose reached out to Ashley for help, but Ashley simply shook her head.
“We all let him die,” sobbed Ashley. Tears of guilt and sadness burned her cheeks. 
A single noose dropped down slowly in front of her face. It hung there loosely. 
Ashley pictured her children playing in the backyard, pictured her loving husband, and pictured her father picking her up and hoisting her on his shoulders, carrying her around their childhood home. They laughed and played.
She took a step forward and placed the noose around her own neck. She allowed it to drag her upwards along with the other guests.
She looked toward her father, dangling beside her. His corpse held out a decaying hand and she took it as her own body began to recoil and fight against death. 
Then everyone hung silently. 

“I’ve never seen a mass suicide before, but this has to be the weirdest, right?” – Witness statement number eleven.

The police rushed to the scene when the call was made. The funeral after George’s had arrived at the crematorium to find that the doors were locked, but they could see what was inside.
The police began taking statements from the people who had seen the inside of the service hall. Despite the screams and cries from some of the funeral goers, they still had to usher people away from the scene.
They followed procedure, cordoning off the area with tape and marking everything out, but there was nothing normal about this crime scene.
Everyone that had been in the service lay dishevelled on the floor, their faces frozen in terror, bruises around their necks. 
The casket had been opened and the daughter of the deceased was slummed next to it. Her hand entwined with her father’s decayed fingers. 
The police stood staring at the scene, shaking their heads. 
Everything was still. The dead could no longer fake their way through their lives, but lived it in death.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
We All Scream
“Mummy, Mummy! Ice cream!” squealed little Kayla as she ran around the living room, red hair flailing about her face, excited to hear Greensleeves tinkling up the street. She ran to the front door to open it.
“Wait, Kayla! Don’t go out the front door without me!” Lana said, grabbing towards her daughter. Kayla stopped and looked at her mother, waiting for permission.
Lana glanced into her wallet and flicked around the coins. She sighed and choked back her emotions.
 “Sorry, cutie. That song is to tell us that there is no ice cream left,” She lied, plonking her hungry wallet onto a pile of boxes. 
Kayla’s whole body sagged with disappointment. She fell to the floor in a heap of princess dress. She threw her gum booted-feet around for just a couple of moments, but that was as far as her tantrum went. Kayla sprawled herself out on the carpet then rolled toward her mother, a coy smile slowly spreading across her crimson cheeks.
 “You’re lying, aren’t you, Mummy?”
Lana knew that her daughter was smarter; only six and already smarter than her own mother. Lana sighed again. The sound of the ice scream truck was already disappearing into the distance. 
“Yes, cutie. I’m sorry. I just don’t have the money right now.” 
Kayla rolled away from Lana, smile gone, arms crossed over her little chest.
 “If Daddy was here we’d have money,” she whispered. 
Lana walked over to her little girl. The look on Kayla’s face, so melancholy, so much like her father. Lana had always thought that if she hadn’t given birth to Kayla herself, she wouldn’t believe Kayla was even hers. 
Lana got down on the carpet with the little girl. Lying on her side, she watched Kayla’s big hazel eyes as they began to slowly fill with tears. Lana choked back her own sadness and gave Kayla a little tickle under her arms. Once. Twice. Then on the third try Kayla finally smiled. 
They giggled together on the floor of the empty lounge room as they tickled each other and tussled. Just the two of them. But inside, Lana felt the rage and hate bubble. How could he do this to them?
Satisfied that Kayla’s smile was a little more permanent, Lana stopped tickling. 
“So, what do you think of the new place?” she asked.
“It’s okay,” Kayla said, looking around. 
“I think we could’ve done better.”
Lana burst out laughing, she couldn’t help it. 
“You’re probably right, cutie. You’re probably right.” 
She grabbed Kayla, kissing all over her face. 
“You wanna draw while I unpack boxes?”
“Yep. Can I draw in my new room?” Kayla asked.
“You sure can!” Lana said, getting up and taking Kayla’s paper and crayons out of the bag she had packed with ‘necessities.’
Lana gave Kayla her colouring equipment and watched as the little girl skipped off to her new bedroom. 
Lana mindlessly began the task of unpacking. The first box she opened was full of the magnets and flyers and sketches that used to be on the fridge. She started pulling them all out when my phone rang. 
She looked at the screen and saw her soon-to-be ex-husband’s name. The words ‘Dick Face’ flashed on the screen with a photo of him and his new girlfriend. A little reminder, just in case Lana started feeling sentimental after a couple of glasses of wine.
She considered not answering it, but they had promised each other that they would remain civil, for Kayla’s sake. 
She answered the phone. “Yep,” Lana said in the coldest voice she could muster.
 “Hi Lana. I was just calling to see how the move’s going,” said Nathan.
“Fine,” Lana said as she took out Kayla’s drawings. Pink and rainbows and brightly coloured love hearts, Lana smiled at the innocent little scrawls.
Nathan sighed on the other end of the line. 
“I thought we agreed we were going to be civil, Lana?”
“I am being civil, Nathan. This is my civil voice,” Lana said, attaching the drawings to the fridge with a little more force than was needed. 
“Is she there?”
He scoffed.
 “There is no she, Lana. How many times do I have to explain?” 
It was Lana’s turn to scoff. 
“Enough bullshit, Nathan,” she said as she slammed a magnet onto the fridge so hard that all of the drawings came sliding off the fridge.
Lana bent down to pick them up and heard Kayla giggling down the hall. 
“You wanna speak to your daughter?” she asked.
“Yep, I’ll call back on video call,” he said, ending the call.
Lana walked down the stark hallway to the room Kayla had picked out to be her bedroom, one with big pink flowers and viny wallpaper. She heard Kayla chatting and giggling quietly in her room.
Lana poked her head around the corner. 
Kayla was sitting at her little desk, crayon in hand, drawing away, but glancing up every now and then to chat. Lana had never seen her daughter do that before. Kayla had never been the sort of child to have imaginary friends.
Lana knocked on the open door and went in. Kayla’s little head snapped up as if she was doing something wrong, but she relaxed and continued drawing.
Lana smiled warmly. 
“Who you talking to, cutie?”
“My new friend,” Kayla said, glancing up at the blank wall and then put her head back down to keep drawing. 
Lana looked around her daughter’s room and saw nothing. She walked over to Kayla, brushing the hair out of her daughter’s face and kissing her forehead.
 “What you drawing?” Lana asked.
“My. New. Friend,” Kayla said, moving her hand to show her mother.
Kayla had drawn herself in her normal pink fashion, but next to her stood a tall four-legged creature. Its body was black and pink and red with long spindly insectoid legs. It had what looked to be bunny ears and its face was nothing but a black hole of scribble. Lana could see that the lines Kayla had used were not her normal gentle carefree lines, but they were heavy and dark, digging into the page, angry.
Lana felt an icy shiver course through her body. The hair on the back of her neck prickled. Kayla had never drawn anything like that before.
“Kayla sweetie …” Lana tried to keep her voice calm. 
“Where did you see this?”
Kayla sighed, exasperated.
 “I told you, mummy. He’s my new friend. He’s right there,” she said, pointing to the corner that she had been talking to. It was blank. Empty.
 “His name is The Ice Cream Man. He says he wants to play with me. He says this is his house.”
Lana continued to stare at the blank wall when the phone in her hand rang, making her jump. She answered the phone before Kayla could see the picture of her father with his tongue in another woman’s mouth. 
“Hi,” Lana said, looking at the screen, happy to have someone to share the news of Kayla’s new playmate with.
“Whoa, are you okay? You’re pale,” said Nathan with what seemed like genuine concern.
“I’m fine,” Lana said. 
“Hey Kayla, why don’t you show Daddy your drawing.” She passed the phone over to their daughter.
Kayla held the drawing up so Nathan could see it. 
“What the … What’s that you’ve drawn, sweetie?” Nathan tried to sound upbeat and failed to do so. 
“He’s The Ice Cream Man, daddy. He’s my new friend that lives here with us,” she said.
“Umm … it is a very … well drawn picture, honey. Why’s he all black and red?” asked Nathan.
“Because all his skin got burnt off in the fire,” she said.
Lana’s heart froze at the new layer of creepiness and she couldn’t help but glance back to the blank corner of the bedroom.
“Can you put Mummy on the phone, honey?” said Nathan.
“Sure,” said Kayla, tugging on Lana’s dress to get her attention. Lana looked down at her daughter still holding the phone out to her. Lana took it, noticing the slight tremor in her own hand. She wandered just outside Kayla’s door. Kayla began to chat again. 
“What have you been letting her watch, Lana?” Nathan said. His face was red and strained.
Lana’s irritation rose. She whispered angrily at Nathan’s face on the screen. 
“You know, the normal. The Walking Dead, Saw, family movies you know. Nothing, Nathan. She watches bloody Dora the explorer and Octonauts and stuff.”
“Well, why is she drawing disturbing things like that? His skin was burnt off in a fire? What six year old says that?”
 Nathan was moving. Lana could see him leaving his house.
Lana looked in the room where Kayla was laughing with her friend with no skin.
 “She is talking to him right now,” she whispered to Nathan.
“What? What do you mean she is talking to him?” he said.
“She says he’s in the room with her,” said Lana.
“I’m coming over,” said Nathan.
 Lana could see that he was already in his car.
Lana walked down the hallway a little further. 
“No, Nathan. There’s no need to come over.”
“Our daughter is seeing things, Lana,” he said, the annoyance in his tone getting sharper.
“No, she just has an imaginary friend, is all … one with no skin … or face. We are fine. We don’t need you here,” she said. 
“I’m coming over, Lana,” he said as the phone went blank.
Lana growled under her breath and walked back up the hallway to check on Kayla. 
Kayla had taken out the recorder her father bought her for Christmas. Lana hated the thing and saw it as a personal stab, it signifying just how much she felt Nathan hated her. 
“Look what I can play,” Kayla said to the empty corner. She played a nonsensical tune, fingers flying wildly across the holes on the instrument’s body. 
“See, your daughter is playing the wonderful gift you got for her. We are fine,” Lana typed into a text message, adding a scowling emoji. She then clicked to send a video with the message and began recording. She didn’t watch the screen but rather watched Kayla as she continued to play. Then Kayla stopped playing and stared off into space. 
“You can teach me if you want,” she said to no one.
She carefully moved her fingers to some holes and blew a single note. She stopped and looked off again, moved her fingers and played another note. She moved her fingers and played again.
By the sixth note, Lana could feel tears stinging her eyes. A chill crept up her back. Her fingers began to tremble and she fumbled with the phone, accidentally pressing the send button on the video.
Kayla was playing Greensleeves.
Lana ran up and snatched the recorder out of her daughter’s hands. 
“Hey,” Kayla yelled. 
Lana grabbed her and moved over to the opposite side of the room, away from the empty corner.
 “When did you learn that?” Lana asked, holding Kayla’s shoulders a little too tight.
“The Ice Cream Man just taught me,” Kayla said, pointing to the corner.
 “It is what his truck used to play when he was still alive. He is angry cause you won’t let me play with him.”
“There is no one there, Kayla,” Lana said, feeling a chill pass over her. She noticed a strange smell at the edges of her senses. One of burning, of brimstone and fire and death.
Kayla had tears in her eyes as she glanced from the empty corner to her mother and then back again.
 “No,” she said, shaking her head and looking at empty spot, tears fall onto her cheeks. 
“No what, Kayla?” Lana asked, beginning to lose her cool.
“He doesn’t like the way you are talking to me,” Kayla said, looking at her mother. Then Lana realised that Kayla was not looking at her at all, but somewhere past her. 
“He’s behind you now.”
Lana’s heart jolted with hot adrenaline. She spun around quickly, but there was nothing there. She scolded herself for being silly, for being so skittish. She breathed out a sigh of relief and mist billowed from her lips. It came out in a thick cloud that suddenly mushroomed out as if hitting something directly in front of her face, something unseen.
Lana grabbed Kayla and ran out of her room, slamming the door behind her. They ran into the lounge room. 
Lana’s phone rang and she screamed. She could see it was Nathan again and she tried to collect herself. 
I did not see anything, she told herself. It is just my imagination.
She answered the phone.
“How would you think that is funny, Lana?” Nathan half yelled.
“What?” Lana stammered and then reined herself in.
 “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“The video,” he said. “How did you even do that? Is it some new app or something?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Lana said as she put him on loud speaker and opened up the video she accidentally sent to him. 
Lana watched. 
“Lana, it’s not funny,” he said. But Lana could not speak.
Kayla tugged on her dress.
 “Mummy?” she whispered.
In the video, Kayla sat on her bed, playing the recorder. But next to her stood a tall, smouldering creature, his skin was pealing, his face was nothing but a gory hole. 
“Lana!” said Nathan. “Lana?”
Kayla still tugged on her mother’s dress.
 “Mummy?” she whispered again.
Lana’s heart raced. Her ears rang. 
“Mummy?” she whispered.
Lana looked down and wiped the tears of fright from her face.
 “Yes, Kayla?”
She looked at Lana very seriously.
 “He’s coming,” she said, pointing toward hall.
Smoke curled down the hallway, stinking of burning hair and sulphur. Slowly a figure staggered and jittered around the corner. It was so tall it had to tilt its bunny-eared head. It crawled toward them awkwardly on its stretched, charred legs. At the end of its front legs were human hands with long fingers that it walked upon, at the back were human feet, twisted and broken. 
Kayla clutched to her mother’s leg. 
“You can see him now can’t you?”
“Yes,” said Lana. 
“Run, Kayla, run!”
Fire licked its flames up the walls of the house as The Ice Cream Man crept down the hallway toward them. The walls crumbled away, revealing a mass of human bones hidden within. 
The Ice Cream man let out a ghastly groan from his gory hole of a face. 
“I just want to play,” he roared, lashing out with his gnarled, broken fingers.
The two ran for the door as all the security shutters rolled down, slamming shut and locking them inside. Kayla screamed, clutching to her mother’s leg. Lana picked up her daughter and held her close as the smoke began to fill the house. 
The skeletons in the walls clattered and reassembled. The skulls came together and they all began to hum and sing Greensleeves, in playful children’s voices. Da dum, da dum, da-da dum, da dum.
“Come play with us, Kayla,” some of the skulls beckoned to the little girl.
“Don’t listen to them, cutie,” said Lana as she ran out into the kitchen, making a bee line for the back door. 
The security shutters slammed shut as they got there. Lana kicked at the door, but it seemed hopeless. She just wasn’t strong enough to break through. They were trapped inside.
Lana wanted to sink to the floor and cry as she saw The Ice Cream Man peeking around the corner. 
“Why don’t you want to play with me?” he growled at the cowering pair. 
He came closer and closer, dragging his mangled limbs along the floor, knocking over boxes, spilling their contents with a loud crash.
“Don’t look, Kayla,” said Lana, covering her daughter’s face, trying to cover her mouth from the smoke. Her chest felt tight and she was beginning to feel drowsy. Lana tried to keep her eyes open as the smoke swirled around her, although the sight of The Ice Cream Man made her want to shut them tight.
She heard a banging coming from behind her. Then she felt it.
The Ice Cream Man roared with rage as the backdoor crashed in. 
Lana looked over to see Nathan’s face staring in at the atrocity. He reached an arm in and Lana took hold of it. As The Ice Cream Man lunged at them, Nathan pulled them through into the clean air.
Lana could hear sirens close by. Black smoke rose from the new house and she could still hear the angry cries of The Ice Cream Man inside. 
Nathan held onto them close. She felt safe in his arms as she sobbed and coughed. “Quick, we have to get out of here,” said Lana, still carrying Kayla who was now limp in her arms.
“You go ahead, my car is still running out the front,” said Nathan. 
Lana turned to go, but she stopped as she heard a muffled cry. She turned back to see long black arms wrapped around Nathan’s body and head. His eyes were wide with fright and he screamed as the Ice Cream Man dragged him inside the burning house, the broken door slamming, locking him in.
“No!” Lana screamed, but she could still hear his blood-curdling screaming as the Ice Cream Man chuckled loudly.
She turned and ran toward the front yard. Nathan was gone, but he had given her a second chance to save their daughter. 
She put Kayla in the front seat and buckled her up. “Mummy,” said Kayla as she came to, opening her eyes and coughing.
“It’s okay, cutie. Everything will be okay. We are going to go home,” Lana said as she left Kayla to get in to the driver’s side.
She got in and sped away as the fire trucks arrived on the scene. She thought for a moment to tell them to let the house burn, but by the look of it, the house was gone anyway.
Lana wiped the tears from her daughter’s soot stained face and smiled. They had made it. They had gotten away.
She drove a little slower toward their old home. She began to relax.
Then she heard it. A recorder playing in the back seat. Lana and Kayla looked at each other, fright scrawled all over their faces. They both screamed, but all that could be heard was Greensleeves.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Blood and Colour
Lexi knocked on the door of the big house. The group panted harmoniously, the walk up the vast driveway had been a killer; their instrument cases didn’t help either. The holiday house was truly ‘remote’ as it had been advertised. Lexi dropped her guitar case with a huff.
She felt Lyric’s hand on her back. They had offered to carry it for Lexi, but she had refused.
The white moonlight poured down on the four as they waited for Jacob, the landlord, to open the door. The scents of wood smoke wafted to them on the night-time breeze. The house before them was draped in eerie, aubergine shadows. Its high, black-shingled roof loomed above in the night sky.  
“Ergh … Knock harder, Lexi!” complained Trax, as she began to drop pieces of her drum kit. Lyric bent down to pick up the equipment Trax had dropped and Buff hopped nervously from foot to foot. 
“I did,” Lexi said, but knocked again anyway. 
“Maybe this is the wrong place?” said Buff.
Lexi checked the paper in the pocket of her jeans. Her messy scrawl had become nigh unreadable. “No, this is the one,” she said, holding the paper up in the moonlight. “… I think.”
Trax stomped one foot and groaned, letting her head fall backwards as if rolling her eyes was just not enough to express the amount of aggravation she felt.
There was a distant roll of thunder and they all looked away for a moment. When they turned back, the front door was open and a man stood staring at them. Lyric let out a shallow shriek and Buff fumbled to not drop her bass. 
He towered over them, fitting neatly into the door frame of the big house. A sandy-blonde beard outlined a wide smile. He dropped his head to one side and stared at the girls a moment longer. 
“Sorry, ladies,” Jacob said, voice smooth and low. 
“I was … up the back in my studio. It is a fair way back from the house. I love your music. I was … very excited to hear that you were a band. I haven’t had a band stay here before.”
Lexi stepped forward, holding out her hand for Jacob. He was a lot younger than she had expected. 
“When we saw your ad specifying artistic people, we knew we had found our place,” she said. He shook her offered hand with a clammy palm and her hand came away smeared with red.
“Oh my! I’m so sorry,” he said with a coy smile that suggested otherwise. He looked at his own palm.
 “It’s paint. I promise,” he said, crossing his heart, leaving a red smudge on his shirt. He removed a rag from the band of his jeans and took Lexi’s hand to clean it. 
“You must be Lexi.”
Lexi looked back over her shoulder to her band. Trax shrugged, looking impatient.
“Oh, the guitarists calluses,” he said, stroking the hardened skin of Lexi’s fingertips. “I Googled you ladies.” He smiled a wicked grin.
 “I really like the song ‘Enemy Swamp’ but I think ‘Stain’ is my favourite.”
The girls collectively smiled and relaxed. 
“Wow, thanks,” said Lexi, pulling her hand away. 
“So, if you’re Lexi then you must be Lyric,” he said pointing to Lexi’s sister behind her, who was struggling to juggle her keyboard and part of Trax’s drum kit. They were very similar, with black hair and pale complexions, the main difference was Lexi’s sickly thin body and dark-rimmed eyes. 
“And you must be Trax,” he said pointing to the impatient-looking girl with pink and red hair. 
“And you’re Buff,” motioning to the bass player with long, blonde dreadlocks. He handed Lexi a ring of keys and stood back, holding open the door. 
“Come in.” 
The girls walked into the house. Inside was one main room, complete with lounge area and kitchenette, off that room was six doors. Lexi looked at the keys in her hand. There was heaps more than just six.
The high ceiling of the main room was littered with skylights that stretched up through the stories above. The skylights sent multiple waterfalls of moonlight cascading into the room.
The odour of paint fumes and other sweet chemical smells hit the girls as they walked in. It stuck in the back of their throats, but it was soon forgotten when they saw the strange décor of the place. Sculptures of disembodied limbs stuck out of the dark grey walls, hands grabbing out, reaching for them as they walked past. Taxidermy mounts of domestic animals sat staring, horse heads and cats with arched backs and loyal-looking dogs were strewn around the room.
Lexi noticed that the walls had darker patches in an array of different sizes, like the shadows of forgotten frames. The shadows weaved through the reaching hands and dead animals creating an assaulting patchwork of weirdness. It was entirely too creepy. She loved it instantly.
“You picked well, sis,” said Lyric, rubbing Lexi’s back. 
“But I don’t think I am sleeping tonight … or ever again. Bunk buddies?”
Lexi smiled at her doe-eyed little sister and nodded agreement. She absentmindedly fiddled with the cold stack of keys in her paint-smeared palm. 
“Which room you wanna stay in?”
Jacob had retreated towards the back door that probably lead outside to his studio. He stood watching as the girls began to pick out their rooms.
Lexi looked at the keys in her hand. Most of them were old and tarnished. She picked out a key that seemed to match the lock of the first room and unlocked the door. They flicked on the light and found a large, four-poster bed draped in black curtains. It was plain, but gothic in style. 
“Hmm … next?” asked Lyric.
The next door along was pink and pretty. They opened it up and found that the room was also pink and pretty, but it had dolls. Hundreds of dolls, dead-eyed and smiling. 
“Yes!” said Lexi.
“Nope, nope, nope,” said the rest of them.
“Fucking creepy,” said Trax.
“What’s wrong with the dollies?” Lexi asked. 
“They just want love.” Lexi tickled Lyric playfully, but the exertion made her start to cough. She felt Buff rub her back.
The next room was black as pitch, no window or skylight to vanquish the darkness. They flicked on the light and were startled to find mannequins dangling from the ceiling, strapped to the walls, standing vigil beside the bed. 
“Nope. It’s worse,” Trax whispered.
“That’s the last of the bedrooms. The rest of the rooms are … forbidden. I hope you enjoy the place, Ladies,” said Jacob. 
“If you ever need anything, I’ll be in my studio.”
 He put his hands in the air submissively, they were stained with colour. 
“Feel free to play as loud as you want. The nearest neighbours couldn’t hear anything if they walked halfway here.” He grinned with his perfect white teeth.
 “The kitchen has everything you need. Good evening ladies.” He disappeared out the backdoor. 
The girls looked at each other a few moments. They were all exhausted, especially Lexi. They remained motionless until Trax made a run for the first room. 
“I bags the non-creepy room!” she screamed as she raced Buff and Lyric.
Despite her load of drums, Trax made it to the room first and slammed the door behind her. 
“Bitch,” whispered Buff as she ran into the closed door. 
The rest of the girls looked at each other again. 
“Rock, Paper, Scissors for the doll room?”
“No. You always win. It’s not fair,” sulked Buff.
“Oh well, play Lyric,” said Lexi with a smile.
“She’s just as bad. You both know what I am going to do!” Buff held out her hand anyway, ready to play.
As suggested, Lexi won and Buff trudged off to the mannequin room. Lexi looked at Lyric and smiled. But Lyric only raised an eyebrow.
“What?” said Lexi, with a shrug.
“It’s cheating if you know what they’re gonna do,” said Lyric.
Lexi laughed. “How could I possibly know?”
Lyric picked up her keyboard and went into the room with the dolls. 
“You know, you know.”
Lexi followed in after her with a wicked grin spread across her face.
*~*~*
“He could have at least supplied some eggs! FML. I fucking hate cereal,” said Trax, her head in the fridge.
“Cereal is good for you,” said Lyric from the dining table as she pushed aside her empty bowl and concentrated on the charcoal sketch she was working on.
Lexi was just stumbling out of bed, black makeup smudges across her face. 
“How’d everyone sleep?” 
“Like shit,” came Buff’s voice from the couch. She lay on her back, a book covering her face. 
“I couldn’t sleep with all those mannequins hanging everywhere.” 
Lexi giggled and yawned at the same time. 
“I slept fine,” said Trax, pulling the milk out of the fridge and pouring a bowl of cereal. 
“Didn’t anyone else hear the drums?” asked Buff.
“Drums? What drums, sweetie?” asked Lyric with her head down.
Lexi looked straight at Trax. 
“Don’t look at me,” said Trax with a trail of milk dribbling down her chin. She wiped it off with the back of her hand. 
“I slept like the dead.”
“They weren’t your sort of drums,” said Buff from under her book. 
“They were … tribal.”
Lexi took a seat next to her sister. 
“It must’ve been Jacob,” she said, watching her sister as she sketched a beautifully haunting portrait of a young girl crying. 
“Who?” said Trax.
“The landlord,” said Buff.
“What do you guys think of him?” asked Lyric.
“I think he’s hot as fuck,” said Trax through a mouthful of cereal. All the girls laughed. 
“Eeww, Trax, he’s old,” said Buff, taking the book off her face. 
“And he’s creepy.”
“He’s not that old,” said Lexi.
“I’d totes bang him,” said Trax as she ducked a flying throw cushion coming from Buff. They all giggled and jeered. 
“C’mon ladies, let’s play. We came her to rock didn’t we?” said Lexi and all the girls hushed. They all looked at her with that sympathetic look she was sick to death of seeing.
Trax dumped her bowl in the sink with a noisy crash that startled everyone. 
“Yeah!” she shouted. “What lame ass rock stars sleep all night?” 
Lexi stood up. 
“Yiyeah! Let’s set up.”
Buff sprung to her feet and followed Trax to set up their instruments, both girls whooping enthusiastically. 
Lexi felt her head spin. She had stood up too fast. She gripped the table to stop herself from falling. 
Lyric hadn’t moved. She rubbed at the charcoal tears of the little girl in her sketch. 
Once the head spin had dissipated, Lexi looked at her sister and touched her shoulder. “You okay?” 
Lyric looked up at her with tears in her eyes. For a moment, Lexi thought that the tears were for her, but Lyric’s eyes were unfocused. 
“She is so sad,” said Lyric. 
Lexi looked down at the sketch, confused. 
“But, sis, you made her that way?”
Lyric shook her head. She wasn’t even looking at Lexi. Her eyes were glassy. 
“She just wishes that her brother would let her go.”
“What?” Lexi whispered, feeling a chill run through her body. 
Clarity came back to Lyric’s face. Her eyes cleared. She wiped the tears from her face and used them to smear the beautiful sketch away. Lexi tried to stop her from ruining the work, but she was too late. The girl with the tears was gone. 
Lyric stood up as if nothing had transpired between them.
 “Let’s play, sis!” she said. 
“Hey, are you okay? You look sad or something?” 
Lexi said nothing and allowed her sister to skip away.
*~*~*
The amps had been shut off at four am. Lexi lay in bed, Lyric already asleep beside her. The dolls eyes glittered like sparkling watchful stars in the near full-moon light. She stretched and rubbed her fingers. They ached in the most pleasant way from practice. She stroked her wrist. She felt a little guilty. The girls knew her plan and yet they still indulged her. What were they ‘practicing’ for?
She turned on her side and stared at one of the dolls that stood on the bedside table, arms outstretched as if endlessly pleading for a cuddle. Lexi could feel her mind start to lapse into the obscurities of waking dreams. Those moments between being awake and being asleep, where the worlds of reality and subconscious blurred. These were the moments that she dreaded. These were the moments where she saw things.
The image of her sister’s sketch entered her thoughts. It flickered and began to animate, like an old film, projected into her mind. She could even hear the steady click, click, click of the film reel. 
It got louder as the sad girl held out her hand.
Booming now, the sound thudded in her ears as the girl’s tears shimmered, rolling down her little charcoal cheeks. She opened her hand. Inside was a key.
Lexi’s eyes snapped open. Her whole body jumped. She gulped in breath. 
She could still hear the thud of the projector reel, more than just a memory.
She was facing the pleading doll. It took Lexi’s brain a couple of seconds to catch up with what her eyes were seeing, then it clicked. The keys Jacob had given them dangled from one of the dolls outstretch hands, swinging slightly. 
Lexi sat up and snatched the keys off the doll. She looked around the room to see who might’ve put them there, but there was no one. 
She rolled over to wake up her sister, but Lyric was no longer beside her. 
Lexi got out of bed. The keys were cold in her hand, icy cold. She walked out of the room to look for her sister. She could still hear the thudding, but it wasn’t a projector reel. Buff had been right, there were tribal drums in the distance.
The moonshine washed everything in the living area in a white glow. The eyes of the taxidermy animals shone, observing Lexi as she walked around. 
She looked at the icy keys in her hand. Someone wants you to do something with them, she thought. She hated to delude herself with these thoughts, but … why not just this once?
There were many more keys than there were doors that she could see. What was it Jacob had said about the doors other than the bedrooms? “They’re forbidden.” She giggled at this. He sounded like a beast and they were his beauties.
“It’s forbidden. You mustn’t go to the west wing,” she whispered. She felt the hair raise on the back of her neck. Had she heard her giggle echo elsewhere in the house? She spun towards the sound. But there was nothing there.
She looked back at the keys. Just do it, she thought. 
She tried the keys in the first of the forbidden doors, but none of them worked. She walked around the quiet house. She slipped a key into the second door. She was beginning to feel stupid. There is no ghost trying to contact you, she thought.
She stood in front of the last door. It was big and black and ornate, it looked older than the rest, except for the lock. That looked brand new. There were splinters of wood around the lock where it looked as if it had been freshly broken. She looked at the keys in her hand, searching for the newest. One of them sparkled brightly in the moonlight. She picked it out and slipped it into the lock. She turned it and heard the satisfying click. 
Lexi looked around, feeling as though she was being watched, but there was no one but the plastic-eyed creatures. The door swung open and banged on the wall behind it, making Lexi jump. On the other side of the door was a staircase leading upwards. She took one last look behind her before ascending the dark stairs.
Upstairs was one big room, lit only by what little moonlight could creep in though the scattered windows. It smelled heavily of dust and paint fumes. White sheets covered hundreds of objects of varying size. 
Lexi walked up to the first of the structures, one that towered over her. She grabbed the white sheet to remove it when she heard a floorboard creak behind her. Her body froze.
She spun around, ready for whatever it might’ve been. 
“What the fuck are you doing here?” asked Trax. Buff and Trax stood there, shivering in their nightclothes.
“You scared the shit outta me!” said Lexi.
“We aren’t the ones sneaking around!” said Buff.
“I’m not sneaking,” said Lexi, gripping her chest.
“Yes, you are! You’re sneaking right now! What you just did, that was fucking sneaking!” said Trax.
Buff laughed.
 “Why are you here? And please tell me you guys hear the drums!”
“Of course we can fucking hear them! We aren’t deaf!” said Trax.
“Did you guys see Lyric?” asked Lexi.
“She’s not here with you?” asked Buff.
Lexi shook her head and looked around the room. 
Trax had no hesitations. She walked straight up to the first covered object and whipped the white sheet off. Underneath was a sculpture of a man, half of him still within the raw stone. The other half of him was exquisitely chiselled and screaming. Clawing to get out of his stone prison. 
“OMG,” said Trax, touching his cold stone flesh. 
“How creepy.”
“Everything in this place is creepy,” said Buff. 
In her head, Lexi agreed with her friend, and for the first time it didn’t seem like a good thing. 
They moved through the objects, uncovering them all. More sculptures and paintings, photography equipment, all unfinished art. All scattered around the silver skylight columns that feed moonlight downstairs.
“They must be his?” speculated Buff
“Maybe they’re things people have left here?” suggested Trax.
“That would be like us leaving our instruments,” said Buff.
“Lol. No, stupid. That would be like us leaving our music here …” The girls continued to bicker as Lexi made her way over to the far wall and the window that faced the vast expanse of backyard and Jacob’s studio beyond.
There was another covered mound resting against the wall beneath the window. Lexi felt a chill go through her and the image of the crying girl flashed in her mind. She knelt down and lifted the sheet.
Underneath were hundreds of framed paintings.
 “Girls,” she called, but they were still arguing.
 “Oi! Come look!”
She started leafing through the frames. All of the paintings appeared complete. They were stunning, crude paintings. The subjects were both young and old, male and female. Some looked sad or angry, none of them were smiling.
The girls came over to look as Lexi pulled one out and held it up to the moonlight. Lexi felt goose bumps prickle her skin. It was a girl on a swing, surrounded by darkness. It was unmistakably the girl from the charcoal sketch. Lexi felt it in her bones.
She felt her hands burning and she wanted to drop the frame, but she couldn’t. She was about to say, 
“I think we should leave,” when Buff said “Is that Lyric?” 
Lexi looked up. Trax was pointing out the window. 
There was a fire burning in the distance and a girl danced erratically around it. Jacob sat nearby, beating a drum with his hands.
“Well, that explains the drums,” said Buff.
 “C’mon, let’s go see.”
 Both girls walked towards the stairs, but Lexi couldn’t move. She couldn’t put down the painting. She stared out at the man playing drums. Suddenly, he looked up.
Did he see her? Had they made eye contact for the briefest of seconds?
Lexi ducked down and looked to her friends, but they were gone. She forced herself to put down the painting and ran after them. They had to leave that place. Tonight.
They were already halfway across the grass by the time Lexi exited the backdoor. The drums stopped and Jacob waved them over, a seductive smile on his face. 
“Come ladies, come join us.” 
His bare chest was smeared with paint. Lyric still danced haphazardly around the fire, nightgown floating around her legs. 
“We saw you from the window,” said Trax. 
Buff elbowed her in the ribs. 
Jacob looked straight at Lexi. His smile wavered for a second.
“Oh, you naughty girls. You’ve been going through my stuff.”
“Well, you did give us a key,” said Buff.
“True. So, you’ve seen my failures,” he said. 
“But … some of them are … beautiful. They didn’t look like failures,” said Lexi.
“You’re kind,” said Jacob.
“What about the paintings over by the wall. They look finished,” said Lexi.
There was a flash of anger in his eyes. 
“Yes. I take them off the walls when I have guests. Artists can get … messy.”
 Lyric was still dancing as if she had not even seen them arrive. 
“Come, why don’t you join us in a drink?” He held out a bowl to them like he was offering an apple. 
“We really shouldn’t …” started Lexi, but Trax stepped forward and took the bowl, drinking deeply.
“What is it?” asked Buff as she took the bowl from Trax. 
“It’s just an elixir I brewed myself,” he said taking the bowl from Buff and walking towards Lexi. The firelight burned in his eyes. 
“It helps with creativity. All my guests try some.”
“Is that what you gave my sister?” asked Lexi, watching her sister dance like a mad witch under the almost full moon. 
“Yes, she had some. As have I,” said Jacob, coming up to Lexi, standing so close she distinguish between each shade of paint on his bare chest. She could smell the sweet scent of wood smoke and sweat on his flesh. 
“You need to relax, Lexi.” His voice was so low only she could hear it, he stared down at her. His eyes were bright, lustful. 
He took her chin in his hand and lifted it up to his face. Lexi’s skin tingled with his touch. She felt she should be scared of this man, but the smoke and the dancing and his eyes were intoxicating. His lips were full and heart-shaped. He lifted the bowl to them and took a sip. He pulled Lexi’s body into his and pressed his lips on hers, letting the hot liquid flow into her mouth and she drank, greedily. 
He pulled away from her, his eyes bloodshot, his smile all teeth like a wolf baring its fangs. 
Lexi’s eyelids were heavy. The fragrant smoke from the fire made her head swim. Jacob took her by the hands and led her towards the heat. Her friends all danced wildly around the flames that reached up into the darkness.
She blinked hard as her vision flickered.
She could hear her heartbeat. See it pulsating at the corners of her vision.
Her friends and sister all laughed manically as they danced. They flashed in and out of her view.
She saw Jacob’s sneering face. 
Her friend’s naked bodies. 
The fire like the long fingers of the devil trying to pull her down into the depths of hell.
Naked breasts, bouncing, gyrating to the beat of the insane drums.
She turned away to see Jacob. His hard, naked body. But his face stretched and his teeth elongated. His face was no longer his, but the face of the crying girl. All their faces were. 
“What is-issss-eeeeeesssssss wrong Leeeeexsssseee,” he said, his words strung out, skipping like a stuck record. 
She felt sick and dizzy. 
The world tipped on its side and the grass came up to meet her. The drums echoed for a couple of beats and then it was quiet. Black. Then a child’s voice screamed, “Help us!” 
Lexi snapped awake. She tried to sit up, but her body ached. Grass clung to skin. The acrid smell of unnatural smoke was thick in the air and the sun burned orange through its haze. 
Lexi stumbled to her feet. There was no one around. She felt weak and sore. Her limbs were heavy. Her bones burned.
She stumbled towards the fire. It took her a moment to recognize what was burning. It was clothes. That is when she noticed she was naked. 
As the ringing in her ears died down, she could hear the not so distant sounds of muffled sobs. They were coming from Jacob’s studio.
It was a small white building with full-length glass doors all around. It would’ve been cute if it weren’t for the terrifying sounds coming from inside. She walked around the outside of the studio, trying to peer in through the paint-smeared windows, when she came to a small portion of glass that looked as if the paint had been scratched away. She had to squat down to see in. Lexi could just make out the shapes of her naked forms, hanging from the ceiling, upside down. 
Jacob crouched in front of Buff. All three had been gagged. They all cried, tears running down their foreheads. 
Suddenly, Jacob grabbed Buff by her blonde dreadlocks and drew a blade across her throat. 
Lexi stifled her scream with her hand as she desperately pushed away, accidentally kicking the window as she skittered away. She could hear the other’s muffled screams. Tears involuntarily sprung from her eyes. She stared up at the glass window she had kicked and saw Jacob’s crazed face. He waved at Lexi with his blade in hand then disappeared.
Lexi stumbled to her feet. She ran for the house. 
She must get to a phone. 
She heard the clatter of falling paint tins as Jacob pursued. The studio door slammed open. Her heart failed. Her head felt cloudy and her limbs were heavy. She pumped her legs, trying to make a run for it.
The image of Buff’s throat opening up, all that blood spilling out; it was branded on her mind. She could hear his feet pounding behind her. 
The house was so close.
She heard his ragged breath. 
If she could just reach …
She felt her legs go out from underneath her and his arms wrap around her lower body. Pain seared her thigh were his blade tore at her skin. She screamed as he moved over the top of her. 
“Help!” she screamed, but he laughed in her face. 
“Help! Help!” he screamed with her, his eyes full of mad laughter. He tilted his head like a demented puppy. 
“Your friends tried the same thing. I really thought I gave you enough to keep you out till I’d drained at least one of you girlfriends.”
Lexi struggled, but he pinned her down by her wrists. 
“For your information, this isn’t a sex thing. I’m not a freak! No, this is for art. I’m sure you understand.”
“You fucking monster,” Lexi screamed.
He giggled. “We have to get started, the sun’s almost down.”
He dragged her to her feet, holding the knife at her throat, he steered her towards the studio. 
“Just let them go, take me and Buff, but let them go.” 
“I can’t have your artwork with only two of you in it!” he said.
“You’ll regret this!” she cried.
He laughed. 
“You know how many times I’ve heard that one?”
She screamed and dug her feet into the ground, she wasn’t going without a fight. She knew that she wasn’t going home after this trip, but this wasn’t how it was meant to be. She clawed at his hands, tearing open his skin. He hissed with pain, but didn’t stop.
Lyric and Trax swung from their restraints, crying and struggling. Buff was now grey, her blonde hair dangled in the bucket of blood beneath her. He threw Lexi into the corner and took away the blood bucket, putting it aside. 
“You ladies should thank me. You’ll live forever through my art.” 
“You sick fuck,” screamed Lexi as he came at her with a gag and ropes. She fought him, but he was too strong. 
He released Buff’s body and she fell with a sick, wet slap on the blood-slicked floor. 
“You’ll be immortal.” 
The girls sobbed as Lexi was hoisted up with them. He began dividing up Buff’s blood and mixing in paint, chanting under his breath. 
He placed a bucket under Lexi’s head and squatted down in front of her. 
“Everyone wants to be immortal,” he said as he drew the blade across her throat. He chanted as the blood drained from Lexi’s body, spraying all over his wounded hands. 
“Ssshhh,” he whispered as he caressed her cheek and the last of Lexi’s life faded into oblivion. He took her blood and mixed it with Buff’s. He turned to face the others. 
“Who’s next?”
*~*~*
The full moon floated high in the sky, shedding its bright glow down through the house. Jacob carried a stack of paintings, walking downstairs, he put them on the table. He picked up the one with the girl on the swing and held it up to the moonlight. 
“Hello little sister,” he said as the painting came to life. He could hear the sound of the swings creaking and the soft sobs of his little sister, Jersey. She turned her head away from him. 
“Are you angry with me again?” he said, hanging her on her place on the wall. 
“I got you some music to dance to, just like you asked.”
Jersey’s face brightened. Jacob went out to his studio and brought back the painting he had just finished. He hung it on a new spot on the wall and watched as it animated in the moonlight for the first time. The girls came to life, instruments in hand and began to play. The sounds of their music filled the house. 
Jersey hoped off her swing and danced around. Jacob smiled at the sight he would’ve never seen while Jersey was alive. His poor little sickly sister, no longer constrained by her earthly body. He had saved her in a way. By taking her life so long ago he had given his little sister a new life, one where she was no longer sick.
He danced with her as he hung the rest of the paintings. The music barely covered the cries and screams of the other paintings. Some still clawed to get out, others simply wept in the darker parts of their framed prisons.
The music played. Jersey danced. 
Jacob picked up a pile of the girls’ personal items. He was about to take them upstairs to be placed under their own white sheet when out fell an envelope. He put down the pile of personal items and picked it up. He opened the envelope and read the note inside. He looked up at the painting of the band and felt dread in the pit of his stomach. He touched at the scratches on his hands, still tender from the feisty girl’s sharp nails.
Lexi didn’t cry in torment like the others. She stared at him and smiled, broad and toothy, like a wolf baring its teeth.
Dear Mum,
I want you to know that none of this is your fault. You couldn’t have stopped what happened to me and you have done everything you could to make my last days special. You know that I am going away and I will not return. I am sick of living in the fear that I may infect one of you. I will die anyway, but I don’t wish to take someone good down with me. If only I could pass this on to the evil of the world.
I love you,
Lexi. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Killing For Pages
Today began like any other normal day that I had to myself – I got up out of bed, had my breakfast of jam on toast and then I got started on plotting how I was going to kill my next few victims. I preferred, in the most flesh-tearing, blood-soaked way possible.
Second by second the crimson stain creeps. I stare down at my favourite dress in disgust. Disgust at myself for not being more careful with my marking pen.
I lick my thumb and stretch out the fabric of my dress, to give it a good rub. The stain smudges further. I shake my head and drop my dress back down. I return my gaze back to the loose leaves of paper on my lap. They are patched red. Crosses. Re-writes. Mistakes. Words completely missing, forgotten in the fury of my typing fingers.
I take in the entirety of my work. The words I have read and re-read and re-read again. The sentences I know so well that I barely need to look at them to know what they say. And yet, more mistakes appear in front of my eyes.
I put the pages down on the carpet for a moment. Just a moment to cover my eyes and rest them. All I see is black and red scrawl, even behind my eyelids. It is as if the pages of my draft are etched into my retinas. 
Tea.
‘I need a cuppa,’ I say out loud, getting up off the carpet and heading for the kitchen. 
I mindlessly ding away at the sides of the cup while the kettle boils when my character makes her way into my thoughts.
‘Karen, what am I going to do with you?’ I say.
I can see her in my mind. Her long strawberry blonde hair, wild around her. Knife-wielding hands poised above her sleeping victim. It is her seventh one. Victim that is. The second last one on her list. She pauses on this target, but why? Why do I want her to pause? What is it about this seventh victim that makes her reconsider? I make her kill him anyway, but it still gnaws at me.
I sit back down on the floor next to my pages. I want to continue working. I need to continue working, but my mind wonders again. Will this story be the one?
‘This novel will definitely be the one.’ I say out loud, giving myself hope. 
Doubt creeps back in. Maybe I should have written one about vampires or dying girls? Or at least something that can be put into the ‘young adult’ section. Kids these days go gaga for all that stuff. 
‘No, what you’ve written is fine,’ I hear a voice say. My husband walks into the room, plonking his briefcase down onto our coffee table.
I smile at the unexpected interruption. He leans down to my level to kiss my lips.
‘How is it going today?’ he asks.
‘Same as always,’ I say. I pick up the paper and pen again and continue to read through my draft.
Karen watched the sleeping man. She watched the way his chest rose and fail... 
‘Crap!’ 
I change the word fail to fell, and wonder how many times I have read that same sentence and have still seen the word fell and not what was actually written on the page.
She watched the way his chest rose and fell. She longed to end it. Each one of his breaths was an abomination to human existence. He was an animal. He deserved to die. Desserved to suffer. 
‘Does deserved have a double S?’ I mumble.
I cross out an S with my red pen, and then allow my hand to rest comfortably on my knee.
‘Aren’t you going to ask about my day?’ my husband asks.
‘How was your day, Darling?’ I ask, shaking my head.
‘Well, I think I might’ve gotten that promotion!’ he says with reserve.
‘Oh my gosh!’ I say, as I burst off of the ground. I run to embrace him and he returns the gesture. 
‘So we might, soon, finally, be able to move out of this shack.’ He gestures to the small loft in which our lounge, kitchen and bedroom are all combined.
‘I don’t mind our shack …’ I say. ‘Too much.’
He kisses my forehead. ‘I need a shower.’ And then he disappears before I can get another word in.
I can still see Karen in my mind. She stands there. Knifepoint resting at the nape of her victim’s throat. Ready to push it into his flesh. But what stops her? I imagine her touching his face and kissing him. Maybe he is a long lost love? I even see them making love in whirl of passion, but the image dashes away as quickly as it came.
I return to my spot on the floor of our shack, against the wall.
Then, I can almost hear the footsteps of a child as he comes up behind Karen. Tugging on her sleeve. Looking at her with big, blue, pleading eyes as he asks what she is doing to his Daddy. But he soon disappears back into my imagination too.  
Karen is left alone again. Just her. The seventh victim. And the knife, poised and waiting.
I look down at my lap and notice I have done it again. ‘Crap.’ A second scarlet mark bleeds into the material of my dress. Moving slowly through each fibre. 
‘This wouldn’t happen with a ballpoint pen,’ I scald myself.
I dwell on the page. Look at it. Look at the words again and again. And still nothing else comes to me. 
A snarl appeared on Karen’s face as she drove the large blade deep into her victim’s throat. A gurgled cry. She laughed viciously as he drowned in his own blood. 
‘Would he really die that quickly?’ I ask myself. Maybe I should Google it? I could look it up on Wikipedia even? I’ll have to find out.
‘No internet!’ 
I must finish this chapter, or at least this page, for Pete’s sake.
I can write this better ... I think
I sit, staring, but the words don’t come. The mumble, grumble of my dull brain is all that inspiration gives me.
Where are the words?
I long for the beautiful flow and rhythm of our maltreated language. It wants to be embraced and stretched and heard and written. But still ... nothing.
Maybe it is fine the way it is already? I continue on.
Karen watched as he suffered. As he bled. The claret blood poured from the wound. It ran onto his mattress. Soaked his pillow. 
Why does he not get up? Or at least ... well anything besides just lay there and die?
I imagine myself sleeping. Being woken by the pain. I assume that would be the thing to wake you up, or would it be the suffocating? I feel the terror, the helplessness, as I stare at the laughing woman. I see her face and I know exactly what I did to deserve this. Do I feel shame? Remorse? Or just fear for where I am going next? 
As I lie there dying I remember a time long ago; the look on Karen’s face – much different to her appearance now. She looked horrified. Eyes wide. Tears brimming, overfilling and spilling down her face. 
I make the real me breathe.
“Maybe when Karen drives her blade into his throat, she does it so hard that it goes through his vertebrae on the other side, severing his spinal cord! He is unable to move!” I say, excitedly. ‘Nice.’
So maybe I should add a cracking or something? I go back up a few paragraphs to where she drives in her blade. I make my re-write and then re-read it … again.
 A snarl appeared on Karen’s face as she drove the large blade deep into her victim’s throat. She felt the layers of flesh as the blade went through them, piercing, tearing apart his windpipe, then the resistance when it hit bone. She pushed hard on the butt of the knife, relentlessly striving to reach the bed on the other side. A gurgled cry. She laughed viciously as he drowned in his own blood. Unable to move from his severed spinal column.
I nod my head with sick satisfaction. I sit and think for a moment; have I forgotten something?
Tea!
I get up to turn the kettle back on to finish my half made tea. Once I pour and stir it, I put the cup on a saucer with, two biscuits by its side and trudge back to my spot on the floor. I have my first biscuit. One bite into its crunchy sweetness, then for the second bite, I dunk it first. I am now ready to look back at my work.
I think about my ‘heroine’. Karen has her reasons for being a murderous, psychotic woman on a path paved with revenge and blood, but she is still a murderer and can’t really get away with it. I think? 
I see my other main character, Neil, in my mind. He stands over the body of the man still in bed, knife still jutting out of the ghastly wound in his throat. 
Neil raised the top corner of his lip and said, ‘Eeeeewww.’ He took a sip of a large take away coffee. ‘Have you guys found the murder weapon yet?’ he asked, sarcastically. He stood tall. Neatly cut brown hair and clean-shaven face. Strong jawline and hard almond shaped eyes that forever seemed to be set into a scowl. He was wearing a light blue shirt and a detective badge hung around his neck from a lanyard. 
He leaned in for a closer look. The dead man stared blankly, mouth open in a tortured, silent scream. Teeth glistening with a sticky red sheen. Neil got closer, close enough he could smell the coagulated blood. A single long red hair lied across the dead man’s face. Neil clicked his fingers and someone brought him a bag and a glove.
‘Hold this for me a sec,’ he said to the corpse as he rested his coffee on the dead man’s still chest. 
Neil put the glove on and dropped the hair into the bag and sealed it. He flicked off the glove and passed both things to the person who had brought them over. He picked up his coffee, had one more sip before walking out of the bedroom crime scene with long strides.
I am happy with Neil. 
I skim through the rest for the last time, and then bring my laptop down onto my lap. I go through my draft and make adjustments to the original document. I get to the end of what I have written so far. I am up to the last chapter. 
Karen has killed all but one on her list. She sat in her parents’ old barn, the place that it all started in. She stared at her list, at the last name on there. She remembers what happened all those years ago. What they did was so unfair to such a young girl. Now it had been her turn to get revenge and the end was so close she could taste it.
She sat and waited. 
A jingling of suspended farm tools startled her up out of the hay. ‘Who is there?’ she asked.
‘You know who it is Karen,’ said a voice.
‘It is you. You found my note?’ Karen’s voice trembled nervously. She could not see him.
‘Yes, it is me. Nice work you did on my friends by the way, I especially loved Freddie. The word SPIDER carved into his forehead was a nice touch,’ said the voice, sarcastically.
‘Yeah, HE didn’t like it much.’ Karen turned slowly around and around. She could not tell where the voice was coming from.
‘So Karen, what do you have planned for ME?’ he asked.
‘I can’t tell you that, it would ruin all the fun,’ she said as she dove out of the way as a man launched at her from behind. She picked herself up and ran. He followed closely. She could hear his long striding foot falls closing in on her.
‘You can’t hide, Karen. We should have finished you off when we had the chance,’ he said.
She fell hard against the big barn doors and pushed them open, moonlight streamed in, illuminating her pursuer.
She turned and backed out slowly.
He walked leisurely towards her, knife in hand. 
‘No,’ I say.
He walked leisurely towards her, gun in hand. His normally neat hair, tussled. His hard almond eyes flashing with fury.
‘Detective Neil,’ Karen growled under her breath. ‘I’m glad I left you for last.’
‘You only left me until last because you knew that you could never get me.’ He raised the gun and shot her in the head. BANG, BANG. She fell to the ground.
I look at my work a moment and re-think it. I delete a lot of it and start again.
‘Yes, it is me. Nice work you did on my friends by the way, I especially loved Freddie. The word SPIDER carved into his forehead was a nice touch,’ said the voice.
‘Yeah, HE didn’t like it much.’ Karen turned slowly around and around. She could not tell where the voice was coming from. ‘Come out so I can see you, face me like a man!’
He walked out of the gloom, standing there. A five o’clock shadow across his normally clean shaven face. ‘I just want to talk, Karen,’ said Detective Neil.
‘What is there to talk about? You ruined my life!’ she screamed at him, tears coming to her eyes.
‘You need to think about that night a little more Karen.’ he held his empty hands up, open palmed, showing he was unarmed.
She held a gun up and pointed it at him. ‘I am tired of thinking about that night, what you did was wrong, now you are going to pay!’
‘No wait, Karen, please!’ Neil yelled.
BANG, BANG. 
Two bullets in his head. He fell to the ground.
I stop and re-think again … and delete again.
‘No wait Karen please!’ Neil yelled.
BANG, BANG. 
Karen fell to the ground. Neil still held his hands up in the air. Another police officer walked out of the darkness, gun raised, fright on his face, like he had never fired his gun before.
Neil walked over to the officer and gave him a sharp pat on the back, taking away the officer’s gun. ‘Good job, Officer …err?’
‘Kent, Officer Kent, sir,’ said the shaky cop. 
The two walked over to the barn doors as other police officers rushed around the crime scene. 
‘Good job, Kent, I’ll see you get something for this, a medal or time off or a badge or whatever they give these days,’ Neil spoke nonchalantly.
‘What did she think you did sir?’ asked Kent.
‘I don’t know, son. But it is a shame. If she had not escaped from that nut house a couple of weeks ago several lives wouldn’t have been lost,’ Neil said, sparking up a cigarette.
The officer nodded in agreement.
Neil thought about the crazy red haired girl lying dead in the hay of her parents’ old barn. The smell of the hay brought back memories. Memories long pushed away. He saw the excitement on young Freddie’s face as he held down the young girl…
Do I want Neil to be the real bad guy? I thought. Nah, I like him too much…
The officer nodded in agreement.
Neil thought about the crazy red haired girl lying dead in the hay of her parents’ old barn. He thought about all the doctors and nurses she had slaughtered that past fortnight, after her escape. How could she have gotten it in her head that they had harmed her in the past?
Nah it is better the other way …   
The officer nodded in agreement.
Neil thought about the crazy red haired girl lying dead in the hay of her parents’ old barn. The smell of the hay brought back memories. Memories long pushed away.
Aaww stuff it … I’ll finish it tomorrow. I need a bloody rest.
My husband comes out with his pyjamas on and a towel around his head, tussling his dark, wet hair. ‘You gonna come watch some tele with me?’ he asks. I do not want to, but why not sit down with my husband for a little while?
I curl up on our tiny couch, snuggled into his arms. He turns on the little box TV and the news flicks on. I hate the news. It is always so depressing.
‘Do we have to watch this?’ I pout.
‘It is good to know what is going on Karen,’ says my husband.
I sigh and just resign myself to the mind-numbing boredom of the night-time news cast.
‘The seventh in a ring of grisly murders occurred last night,’ says the news caster. ‘A young man in his mid to late 30s was found dead in his Sydney home. Murdered in his bed while his young child slept in the room next door.’ They showed a shot of a house cordoned off with police tape. A female officer is carrying a small boy with a blonde mop of hair and wrapped in a blanket, out of the house. ‘The man was killed by a sever knife wound to the throat. Police say that it resembles sixth other murders in the area, but nothing is yet to be confirmed.’
I stare blankly at the screen.
My husband shook his head. ‘That is terrible. How could someone do something so vicious?’
‘I don’t know, Darling. There are some sick people in this world.’
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
‘Ol George
Ben Watkins wiped his forehead with the back of his sleeve.  It was hot for October and the fields needed to be harvested before the end of next week.  It was difficult to gather the harvest after Granddad contracted bladder cancer, but he and his father managed to get the crops in before it was too late.
That was – it was difficult to do, but then his Pa had gone out with some of the locals and was killed in a hunting accident. It turned out Jimmy Turner fumbled with his shotgun and it went off, shooting Ken Watkins in the head.  Jimmy had forgotten to flip the safety on.  Even though Jimmy swore he had the safety on, the evidence was clear.
Idiot!  Every fool knew better than to handle the gun with the safety off.  It made Ben angry every time he thought about it.  Of course, Ma said that Jimmy would never harm her man, because they had been best friends for fifteen years, but that didn’t bring Pa back.
 Now he had to gather the corn by himself and he was tired.  No money to hire any farmhands to help gather the corn.  The harvester machinery was the only thing keeping the farm going, and it was barely enough!  God help them if it broke down before they had a chance to save up for a newer model.  
A series of caws snapped him out of his grim reverie.  Crows had been a problem for every farmer, and corn was like a magnet for them.  It seemed like HIS corn attracted every crow in the state!  He pulled out his rifle and he aimed it down the rows the sounds were coming from.
The weapon fired and several dozen crows flew out of the fields to roost in the only tree on their property, the twisted, gnarled, old oak just south of the field.  The tree became alive with the protests of the winged denizens.  Ben smiled.  He clicked on the safety and put the firearm back in its place in the holster beside him and went back to work.
Two hours later, Ben stopped and took a break.  He ate a quick sandwich, drank a good quart and a half of Gatorade, and relieved himself.  Coming out of the outhouse he saw a swarm of activity back in the rows.  Muttering curses, he jumped back up into his machine, fired it up, and went back into the fields.  
After going back almost to the point where he had stopped, the young man raised his rifle yet again and let loose a round into the fields.  Again, the squawking, the flight of the black birds into their haven in the tree.  Ben put his rifle away, making sure the safety was switched on.  He looked at the sky and realized he had only a few hours of daylight left.  He then went back to work, trying his best to finish as much harvesting as he could.
As he was going down a row, he glanced at the scarecrow that was placed in this part of the field and wondered why it was there?  Crows still went into his fields and ate his corn.  The scarecrow had been standing in these fields for as long as he could remember.  He never needed new rags for the face or clothes for the body and new straw, but it was always the same old scarecrow, with that same stupid smile.  Ben shook his head, smiled a little, and muttered, “Why do I keep you?”  The old scarecrow just stood there as always.
Ben worked for the next hour and a half, pushing himself and his machine to get the harvest in before the corn was no longer able to be sold.  When he finished for the day, he got off his machine, grabbed his rifle, and started to walk back into the farmhouse.
Caw!
Ben looked back and in the fading light, saw the old scarecrow, and a crow sitting right on top of its head.
“Now if that don’t beat all,” Ben said, exasperated.  He flipped the rifle up and around, put the stock into the hollow of his shoulder, aimed at the crow, flipped off the safety, and squeezed the trigger.  The crow flew away as the head of the scarecrow blew apart.
“Damn!” Ben shouted.  He not only missed the pesky crow, he blew the head off of the scarecrow.  ‘I don’t have time for this!’ he thought.  Flustered, he stomped back into the house.
*~*~*
“You blew off ol’ George’s head?” his grandfather asked while stuffing a forkful of stew into his mouth.  “George has been out in those fields since before my Pop bought this farm.” 
“Really?” Ben asked amazed.  Then a thought occurred to him.
“Hey, Grandpa, did you ever have to change George’s straw, or replace his clothes?”  Grandpa was chewing thoughtfully on a piece of tough meat.
“Come to think of it, no.  I was always thankful to Ol’ George for that.  Saved me some time.”
“Doesn’t that seem a little odd to you?” Ben asked, putting his fork on the plate as if he was about to scoop up his food.
“Well yes and no,” was the reply.  “You see, Ben, there are many things in this world which are a mystery, and Ol’ George is one of those.  I always felt it was a blessing having him around and never needin’ to mind him none.  It’s almost as if he could take care of himself, you know?  Now eat the stew your Mama made for you before it gets cold.”
“Yes, Grandpa.”
“Ben?”  
The boy looked up from his meal.  
“Make sure you give George a nice friendly face.  I don’t think he would like anything different.”  
Ben rolled his eyes.  Grandpa looked at him sternly.
“O...K... Grandpa.”
*~*~*
The next morning was brutally hot, the sun hammered down on Ben’s head with an almost palpable force. Ben was having a late start because of the mess made of the hen house by a larger animal, either a puma, coyote, or maybe even a bear.  The pens were shredded and most of the chickens were accounted for, but the remains of several of the unlucky ones were strewn throughout the yard.
So here he was, already late, and the next thing he had to do was to fix Ol’ George.  Grandpa made him promise and he was good at keeping promises.  He slowed down as he got closer to Ol’ George and walked slowly around the scarecrow.  He was holding a newly made head for George, but he let it slip from nerveless fingers and fall to the ground.  On top of the scarecrow was a new head that looked similar to the other except the big smile was replaced with a less extreme one.
Ben looked down at the face he had created on his head, where Ben just couldn’t help himself.  The face he had made was as goofy as he could make it.  For some unknown reason, he felt that he needed to hide it.  It was actually an instinct more than any other reason.  Then Ben busted out in laughter.  Of COURSE!  Grandpa had made a new one and put it on while he was cleaning up the mess at the chicken yard.   He looked up at the scarecrow’s face again and the laughter died.
George didn’t have as big a smile on his face this morning as he had before he accidentally blew it off, but it DID have a smile.  Ben was sure of it. Now, Ol’ George wasn’t smiling at all.  In fact, one could almost say there was a frown on the scarecrow’s face.  Ben was troubled, but attributed it to the heat.
He worked hard until Grandpa came out in the old pickup and told him to come in for lunch.  Ben argued he had too much to do, but Grandpa insisted.
“You’ll have to deal with your mother then.  She just spent the past hour making lunch and I think you really need to eat.  Keep up your strength.” Grandpa argued. 
 “Besides, she made pot pies.”  
Ben hung his head in defeat.  
“All right Grandpa.  You guys win.” 
 Ben turned the engine off and climbed down.  He stretched his weary legs and got into the truck.  As they were headed back in, Ben saw Ol’ George in the distance.
“Thanks for fixin’ the scarecrow for me,” he said to the older man.
“I didn’t,” Grandpa answered.
“Someone did,” Ben said,
 “But it wasn’t me.”
  Grandpa looked troubled.  He turned the car to see the old scarecrow.  Ben got out and looked at the relic and stopped stunned.  Ol’ George had a big grin on his face like always.  Grandpa looked at him and smiled.  
“Well, whoever did it put a nice smile on him.  Nice job, too!”
  Ben was dumbfounded.  As they walked back to the truck, he glanced over his shoulder for an instant. Ol’ George was staring at him with a look of anger on his face.  Ben did a double-take, but the scarecrow was as it should be with that same silly smile on its face and looking out over the rows.
*~*~*
Lunch was awesome, especially since pot pies were Ben’s favorite, and nobody made them like his mama.  The scarecrow took a backseat to the time he was spending during lunch.  Other matters took the forefront. 
“Grandpa, I saw that man from the city in town the other day...”
“Stay away from the likes of him,” Grandpa said.
“But I can’t keep going like this!  Last year was hard enough, but with you being sick and Pa gone, this is just too much for me!”
“We’ll be fine, Son.  We’ve seen worse at this farm... much worse.”  Grandpa kept eating as if nothing of importance was being discussed.
“FINE?!”
  “We barely have enough to live on and soon we won’t be able to meet the demand.  We can’t afford any farmhands!  That man said...”
“I don’t CARE what that man said!!!” Grandpa burst out with uncharacteristic vehemence. 
 “We will NOT bargain with that man or ANY of his likes!  DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!”  
Ben rarely saw his grandfather get this emotional, but on the few times that he did, it wasn’t pretty.  In fact, Grandpa almost went to prison for the murder of a man during an argument.  He was lucky the jury didn’t find him guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
“Yes, Sir,” Ben cowed. 
 “Understood.”
  He kept his eyes downcast.  Grandpa sat back after a bit and his features softened.  Even though he was sick, that old man was a force to be reckoned with.  His mother said nothing, but rather looked at the table trying to be as ‘invisible’ as possible.  Ben finished in peace and thanked his mother for the wonderful meal, kissing her on the cheek. With that, he walked out to the fields where his tractor was waiting for him.
After he was gone for a few minutes, Grandpa looked at Ben’s mother.  She had tears running down the sides of her cheeks.  
“You know it’s time, don’t you?” he asked her, sipping on his glass of tea.  She looked away.
“DON’T YOU?!!!!” he shouted at her, the glass in his hand shattering from the strength of his grip.  She nervously nodded her head, the tears flowing unrestrained. He sat back in his chair, satisfied.
*~*~*
Ben stormed out to the fields.  His long stride carrying him swiftly to the rows of corn.  He passed by Ol’ George, that stupid smile playing on his face.  Ben frowned. 
 “What the fuck?” he asked to himself and walked back to his tractor, unaware that the head of the scarecrow had turned to watch him go.
*~*~*
Dusk was starting to come earlier and earlier. Ben had finished up, and was actually satisfied with his day’s work.  One, maybe two days at the latest and he would have done it, he would have finished harvesting the corn!  Oh how he missed his father! Because Grandpa got sick, he couldn’t see the farm making it another year.  This was just too damned difficult! 
 He thought about seeing Mr. Hamilton again to see if his offer to buy the farm still stood. They would become farm hands and manage the place and get a steady paycheck.  Why couldn’t his Grandfather see? He could get treatments for his cancer because they would have great insurance.  Ma wouldn’t have to work so hard.  This would be better for everyone!
He was mulling over all of this when he passed by the last rows and he felt a chill crawl up his spine.  He turned and looked at George.  The scarecrow was staring out over the rows as he always did. Ben was angry at how things had turned out today with his Grandfather.  It had festered in him all afternoon.  He pulled his rifle up, clicked off the safety, and blew Ol’ George’s head off, this time on purpose, and this time totally obliterating it.
Satisfied, he walked back toward the farmhouse. He glanced back for a second to look at his handiwork once again, chuckling. The chuckle caught in his throat momentarily.  Ol’ George looked as he always did, same stupid grin looking over the rows. The head slowly turned and stared deep into his dark reflective pupils.
A chill of horror crept down Ben’s spine and he turned and ran back into the house.  He was breathing heavily and made haste to lock all of the doors, all the while looking back at the fields.  It was too dark to see very far by this time, dusk turning fully to night.  His eyes were wild and his heart was hammering in his chest.  His lungs were struggling from the effort to get enough oxygen to feed his body’s need.
“What’s the matter, Ben?” Grandpa said coming up behind him.  
Ben spun at the unexpected presence of the old man. 
 “What’s the matter?  You look like you’ve seen a ghost?”  
Ben breathed heavily for a few moments, then calmed himself a little and put on an air of calmness.
“Uh, nothing, Grandpa.  I just didn’t expect you to come up behind me like that,”
 He lied, forcing a less than convincing smile on his face.  Grandpa smiled back in a way that kind of creeped him out.  Grandpa was acting so strangely lately.  So was his Mother, for that matter.
“Good.  Come on and let’s eat.  Your Ma made some ham and red-eye gravy with fresh biscuits and sausage gravy, and corn.  She even made some fresh-brewed tea that is probably the best she has ever made.”
  Ben allowed himself to be led to the table, and sure enough, dinner was waiting like it always was.  It smelled delicious. His stomach reminded him of how hungry he was.  Ol’ George was forgotten for the moment.
*~*~*
After dinner, Grandpa sat back in his chair, satisfied.  He looked at Ben and smiled.  He smiled back, but felt there was something not quite right. He remembered the scarecrow and sat up straight.
“Grandpa, you know that scarecrow...”
“I’ll talk about Ol’ George in a minute.  First, I thought I would tell you that I invited Mr. Hamilton over to discuss terms.”  
He looked at his grandfather in shock.
“Really?” he asked, excited but confused at the same time. 
 His grandfather’s reaction just a few hours ago was so passionate against such a thing, why would he change his mind so quickly?
“He’ll be here in about an hour-and-a-half.  I told him I needed to discuss things with you first.  There are... other matters that need tended to first.  Pearl!” he called. 

 His mother came in from the living room with a book in her hands.  A photo album.  She set it in the middle of the just cleaned table.
“What’s this?” Ben asked.  
“It’s a photo album that you need to see.  It will answer some of the questions that I’m sure have been going through your mind lately.” 
 Ben was so confused, and an instinctive chill crawled between his shoulder blades and up the back of his neck.  
“Go ahead.  Open it.”
He opened the photo album and saw a picture of his father when he was a young man.  Oh how it hurt to see his father!  There were several more photos of his Pa dressed in nice suits and standing next to an extravagant Camaro.  Ben was utterly perplexed.  This didn’t look like a farmer’s son!  Grandpa said nothing, but looked at Ben’s bewildered face.  He turned the page and saw his father standing with a young woman, beautiful, vibrant.  She had a baby in her arms.
“Who’s this with my Pa?” he asked, more concerned with that answer than why his father was dressed like that and drove a Camaro.  Grandpa smiled.
“THAT my boy, is your real mother,”
 He took great satisfaction from that.  Pearl looked down, weeping.
“What?” Ben asked, lost.
“Pearl here adopted you after your mother died in a car wreck.  He came to us for help after the crash.  We helped him, both to bury her and to help him get back up on his feet. After he mourned, Pearl, here, being ever helpful to him, caused him to fall in love with her.  Soon they married and you grew up on the farm.”
“Why didn’t he ever tell me?”
“He never saw a need too. He probably would have if he hadn’t died.” 
 Ben looked at him.  
“He told me that night, just before he went out and the incident occurred.  I felt it wasn’t time yet.”
“But now it is?  Why now?”
“Because, Ben, this body is about to die,” Grandpa answered.
  Ben was weeping now, over his Grandfather’s announcement of his impending death, the discovery of his true mother... It was all so sudden! He felt like he was suffocating and stood up.  After taking a few steps to nowhere in particular, he felt stifled and decided to go outside for some fresh air.  
He thought back to Ol’ George.  Paranoid, he looked out into the darkness.  Nothing.   His “Grandfather” came outside with a rifle – HIS rifle.
 “Now that you know that we aren’t kin, I suggest you leave.”
“WHAT?!” He asked in total disbelief.
“You wanted to sell off my beloved farm! I will NOT stand for THAT!” he spoke in that don’t-you-dare-say-another-word to me tone.
“I just did it to get some benefits so you could get treatment for your cancer,”
Grandpa raised the rifle and fired, the bullet hit Ben’s arm but only passing through the soft tissue. The pain was horrifying.  Both the pain of being shot and worse, the pain of being shot by someone he had loved so all of his life!  Grandpa cocked the rifle again and Ben took off at a dead run, only to run into something kind of soft and yielding, but kind of not at the same time. He looked up full into the face of Ol’ George and George was furiously angry.
Ben screamed as the scarecrow bent over his now frozen form.
*~*~*
Mr. Hamilton arrived at half-past nine.  Crazy hours these farmers kept, but that came with the territory.  He knocked on the door and it opened.   Ben smiled at him and stepped outside.
“Let’s walk, shall we?” he asked.
Confused, Mr. Hamilton agreed.  
“Mr. Hamilton, after much thought, I’ve decided to say no to your offer.  This farm has been in the family for generations and selling it would be like selling my own soul.”  He smiled an odd smile.  Mr. Hamilton shook his head in disbelief.
“You know the big manufacturers will destroy you if you don’t sell and your grandfather’s health ...”
“Is no longer a concern.” 
 They had stopped and Ben looked up.  Drawn by his gaze, Mr. Hamilton looked up at the makeshift scarecrow, only to see Grandpa’s lifeless body perched on it. He smiled as Mr. Hamilton pushed his way past him, only to run into Ol’ George.
Mr. Hamilton screamed.
*~*~*
“I’m so sorry for your loss.  Both of you,” Mrs. Hayward said to Ben and Pearl over the loss of Harold Puckett, Ben’s beloved grandfather. Poor Pearl!
Ben and Pearl walked off to ‘be alone’ for a few moments.  Talk of the body of Mr. Hamilton being burnt so badly from the horrific car wreck made Ben smile to himself.
“You know, Pearl.  The hardest part about this is getting used to being called Ben instead of Grandpa.  It always takes so long to get used to being young again!”
Pearl cried anew – she who was a damned soul meant to serve this monster and his demonic pet scarecrow until the end of time.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Hiatus
The alarm went off and Blaze opened one bleary eye to try to see the offending clock.  His hand reached out to hit the snooze button for another sweet ten minutes of much needed sleep. That ten minutes seemed to pass in a few seconds before the obnoxious beeping sounded again.  Blaze reached out again to silence it, thought about going back to sleep; then groaned as he rolled onto his back and rubbed his eyes.
He heard the sounds of early morning traffic outside his tenement window, which always had some cars passing by.  He sniffed and could smell the coffee brewing which he had set for the time his alarm went off the first time.  Blaze smile a little, never growing weary of the simple pleasure that the smell of fresh coffee gave him.
Swinging his legs out of the bed, he sat up, slid his feet into the slippers that waited for him on the floor, and he stood up and shuffled his feet as he headed toward the bathroom to relieve the increasing pressure in his bladder.  His feet shuffled over the short pile of the carpet, and he almost stubbed his toe on the corner post of the bed.  
After he had urinated, he went to the sink to wash his hands, looking up when he was done, and splashing cold water onto his face with water in his cupped hands.  He opened his eyes and looked at himself in the mirror.  His face was shadowed with a three day growth of beard, and his hair was wild and unkempt.  He turned on the shower, waited for the water to heat up a bit, then stepped inside and let the water coat his chest and trunk.  He turned and left the hot water loosen the muscles in his back.  Then he washed his hair and shaved while in the shower.  
Stepping out, Blaze towel dried his hair, turned on his hair dryer and aimed it at the mirror, which had fogged over from the steam of the shower.   Once the mirror was clear, he took a brush and brushed out his short hair while drying it with the hair dryer.  Seven minutes later, he was getting dressed in a light blue button-down, long-sleeve shirt, black trousers, and a nice tie that complimented the two.  He looked at himself in the mirror, seemed satisfied except... what was that strange little mark on his neck where he nicked himself shaving a few minutes ago?  It wasn’t bleeding, but the skin that was damaged and had a strange pallor to it.  Blaze looked at it, dismissed it, and walked away.
After he had finished in the bedroom, he walked down the hall to the kitchen.  Bear, his black Labrador, was in the corner at the far end of the kitchen, his hind quarters against the door.  Blaze smiled at his pet, but the dog whimpered and looked as if it wanted to push himself through door.  “What’s the matter, boy?” he asked approaching, making Bear whimper even louder, fear evident in his eyes.  Blaze backed away, realizing he was making it worse.  He backed away and saw the dog shaking in the corner.
Blaze looked for a moment at his dog and shook his head and turned to the coffee pot.  He poured a cup of the hot infusion into a cup that had pictures of the state of South Dakota and Mount Rushmore on it and turned to the small table in the corner of the kitchen close to the window.  Blaze noted Bear had disappeared as silently as the footfall of a cat, and was nowhere to be seen.  Troubled, he sat down and turned on the radio.  The tail-end of Fleetwood Mac’s song “Chains” was playing.  He turned on his laptop which sat on the table from the moment he came home to the moment he left for work. Wiping his finger over the mouse pad to wake his computer up, he raised the hot liquid to his lips and took a slow cautious sip.
MSNBC popped up on the screen, and a story caught his eye for a moment.  The caption read “No One Died Yesterday – First Time in History!”  He clicked past that to a story about some rich kid who was being charged for the murder of his parents.  But his mind went back to the previous story.  He tried going to other stories, but he kept thinking that the first story actually held more significance than the others, though he couldn’t think of why that would be the case.  He went back to the first story.
“Not one person in the world died yesterday” the story read.  It talked about the statistical evidence, and the reports from around the world.  Even the war-torn regions of the world reported no deaths, but the reports ended with that.  Blaze looked at the screen for a moment, then moved on, though he was disturbed for some reason that escaped him.  He read through various other stories and when finished, packed his gear up and went to work.
“No one died – anywhere” the thoughts from the story ran through his mind again.  Blaze found the thought both intriguing and yet disturbing as well, though if you asked him why he wouldn’t be able to tell you.  He drove to the building where his job was housed and parked in the parking garage.  The attendant at the gate went to greet him, and looked troubled.  
“Hello, Jake,” Blaze said, smiling at the old guard.  Jake looked at him in disbelief.
“What’s the matter?” Blaze asked, his smile fading.
“Nothing, Mr. Kimble,” the old man answered.  
“It’s just that we all heard you were not coming back anymore, after... you know.”  The old man had a worried look on his face.
“No, Jake.  Spit it out.  What’s the matter?  Did I do something to offend you?” Blaze asked, genuinely confused.
“Oh, NO, Mr. Parker!” the old man exclaimed. 
 “We just heard you had become so sick that you would never be back to work.”
“How else can I pay for my bills if I don’t work?” Blaze asked. 
 “Besides, do I look all that sick to you?” he asked. 
“As a matter of fact, you don’t, Sir,” Jake answered. 
 “But your pallor is still a little off, if you ask me,” he added.  “Just too safe.”
“I will,” Blaze said.  “And thanks for caring,” Blaze added.  
“My pleasure, Sir,” Jake answered.  Blaze drove into the employee parking spot that was reserved for him. 
 Except it wasn’t.  
There was a light blue Honda parked in his spot.  Blaze looked around.  All of the car slots reserved for his office were taken.  He drove to the visitor lot three floors up and found a parking spot after fifteen minutes of hunting.  He grabbed his laptop case, slung the strap over his shoulder, and walked to the elevator.  After waiting for five minutes, the doors opened, several people exited the lift and then Blaze stepped inside.
“What floor?” a little elderly lady by the buttons asked, smiling.
“Uh, two,” Blaze replied, returning her smile.  
“Thank you.”  The elderly woman smiled a warm smile in return.  
The doors closed and the elevator started to rise to the next three floors to pick up any people there...  Blaze inwardly groaned.  He looked around the box-like room they were in.  Aside from him and the old lady, there was a young woman, late twenties, maybe, and older man who was standing behind her and was glaring at Blaze.  Blaze looked at the last two occupants of the elevator – a young couple that nestled together and noticed nothing else but each other.  Blaze smiled.
As the lift was finally starting on its downward trek, Blaze looked at the man that was glaring at him and noticed that he was paying way too much attention to the woman in front of him.  He saw the man’s right hand was sliding towards her purse.  Blaze was outraged.  So he cleared his throat. The other man looked up, his hand darting back to his side, and he glared pure hatred toward Blaze.  Blaze glared back.
The elevator finally stopped and the doors opened.  The offending man went to exit quickly, purposely bumping his shoulder very hard into Blaze’s chest, and exited.  As soon as the doors closed, Blaze leaned over and caught the woman’s attention that had almost become a victim of theft.
“You might wish to carry your purse in a more secure manner,” Blaze said to her.  She looked up at him in surprise.
“What?” she asked alarmed.
“That man that just left...” Blaze said.  “...he was trying to steal the contents of your purse.  I just thought you should know.” he explained.  
The woman’s hand shot to her mouth in surprise.
“Why... thank you,” she said.
“You are welcome,” he answered and smiled.  The elevator finally stopped again and Blaze exited.  The doors closed and the rest of the passengers were headed to the ground floor.  He started to walk to the main building to the entrance on this floor.  He had taken only several steps before he heard a rough voice come out of the shadows.
“Ya’ shoulda minded your own business, Bub,” the voice wheezed. 
 Blaze turned and he saw the would-be thief materialize out of the shadows.
 “Now I’m just gonna have to take it outta your hide...” he said, but was suddenly cut short. 
 One of the water pipes that ran along the roof of the garage on every level for the fire showers had freakishly broken loose and the pipe swung down, hitting the thug in the head.  The man’s skull opened where the pipe impaled it, and the water that was in the line flooded his brain pan.  The sudden pressure caused the man’s eyes to literally pop out and the white and gray matter that used to be his brain flowed out of his eye-sockets.  The man dropped to the ground lifeless, his body wracked by the convulsions that his devastated brain had caused before it was destroyed.  
Blaze looked at the corpse in amazement and shook his head.  He walked to the building so he could report the incident.  Inside, he wasn’t the least bit disturbed by what he had just seen; though a part of him screamed he should have horrified.  Another part of him, though screamed one word loud and clear – Justice.
He walked to the building and went inside.  The elevator inside would take him to his office, but first he needed to report the accident in the garage.  He went to the information desk and saw Becky Elmhurst smiling at the people passing by, and answering the phone when it rang.  She looked around and her eyes met Blaze’s.  Blaze smiled.  Becky dropped the phone and gasped.  Blaze was beginning to see a pattern to this.
“It’s okay, Becky.  I am fine,” Blaze spoke.  
“I was sick, now I’m fine.  Honest.”  Becky’s shock turned to worry.
 “What is it?” Blaze asked.
“You really need to know something before you go upstairs, Blaze,” she answered. 
 “Jack has already filled your position.”   Blaze took a step back, stunned.
“But I wasn’t out that long,” he said.
“I know, Blaze, but we all heard you had Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and that you weren’t expected to survive the week.” Becky looked at Blaze with tears starting to well up in her eyes.
“I’m fine, Becky. Really.  Let me go upstairs and see what’s what.  I’ll see you on the way down later.  Okay?”  
She nodded at him.  Blaze spun on his heel and walked to the elevator and mashed the button.  Unlike the elevator in the parking garage, this one responded quite swiftly.  Within two minutes, he was whisked up to the fifteenth floor where the door opened opposite a glass wall made of frosted glass with the name “The Sanford Daily Tribune” etched in the glass.  Blaze marched through the door of the tribune and walked to his desk on the far side of the office.  As he walked through the office, he noticed it had gotten eerily quiet.  All eyes in the office were on him with eyes that had a wary cast to them.
The door to the Chief Editor burst open and just as Blaze stood before his old desk, where a thin, emaciated boy sat in the chair behind it.  All eyes looked to the chief.
“I don’t hear nothin’!” he bellowed, and that means no work is gettin’...” Jack stopped short when he saw Blaze.
“Hi, Jack.  So, uh... what’s new?”
 Blaze asked and turned to look at the thin, young man behind the desk he used to sit at.  Jack’s mouth was open in shock for a moment, but then he shut his mouth, and did what he always did when placed in a situation he couldn’t control – he got angry.
“What the hell do you expect, Blaze? HUH?” Jack bellowed, his face turning bright red.
“We all hear you’re on death’s door, and the next thing we know, you come traipsing in here like little Sally on an afternoon stroll through the park! I have a business to run, Blaze, and I’m sorry, but when I heard you was sick and never comin’ back, I replaced you.” 
Jack’ face was pure crimson.  
“Whattya want from me?  Huh?” he said, chest heaving and he moved right up to Blaze, who seemed indifferent to his anger.  
The smell of cigars smacked Blaze in the nose, and he almost stepped back. 
“A visit would have been nice,” Blaze said, oddly very calm.  Jack’s eyes all but popped out of his head.  
“Not once did you visit me, Jack.  Not once.”  Jack, now almost out of his mind with anger, pointed to the door.  
“Get OUT!” he yelled and he grabbed Blaze by the left arm and took a step toward the exit. 
Blaze turned toward the door.  Jack stopped in his tracks and let go of Blaze’s arm, and stepped away from him, fear and confusion written all over the balding man’s face.  
“You really need to keep your temper in check, Jack,” Blaze said to him.  
“You don’t look so good.” 
 With that, he turned to the new columnist that now occupied his desk.  
“If I were you, Kid, I would be looking elsewhere for a job, but not before I could suck out all of the useful information I could before I left.” 
With that, Blaze turned on his heel and walked to the door leading out.
When the elevator opened on the ground floor, Blaze stepped out and almost got run over by the stretcher the paramedics were wheeling in and trying to get into the freight elevator next to his.  Blaze watched until the door shut, then turned to go out of the building the way he had come in. He saw Becky get off the phone, her face pale.  She looked up at Blaze, tears in her eyes.  
“What’s wrong, Becky?” he asked as he approached.  She looked up at him the tears flowing freely now.
“Jack had a heart attack right after you left.  They’ve been doing CPR since then and it doesn’t look good.  Damn, it!  Blaze,” she said. 
“Did you have to be so hard on him?”  Blaze looked at her with disbelief.
“Becky, HE was hard on ME! Not the other way around.”  
Becky turned her attention to the phones and more than obviously turned her back to Blaze. Taking a deep sigh, he walked out of the building, got into his car, and drove home.
*~*~*
Blaze was going into the tenement building where his apartment was, when an elderly man that was standing by the doorway looked at him with such an intensity Blaze stopped in his tracks.  The fiercely blue eyes all but radiated a light on their own as he looked at him, and Blaze felt exposed.
“Jiva Tresker... how long will you hide yourself?” the old man spoke. 
Blaze walked past the man, obviously ignoring the ravings of a senile old man. The oldster’s gaze followed him into the building.  
Blaze took off at a dead run when he was out of the sight of the unnerving elderly gentleman out front. Today was strange to begin with, and it was getting stranger as the day went on. He flew up the stairs thinking, “not bad for a dying man, huh?” and he started to laugh to himself... except it came out as a maniacal sound instead of one of merriment.
Getting into his apartment, Blaze slammed the door and locked the several locks into place. That old man had unnerved him and he couldn’t quite figure out why. The city was FULL of crazy people! Why should this one unnerve him so? Blaze stood at the doorway for five minutes before he realized he still AT the doorway, chest heaving, heart hammering. He grabbed the remote and turned on the television and sat down.
“For the second day in a row,” the voice from the television said.
“Nobody in the world has died for TWO WHOLE days! This has never happened in recorded history... Wait! This just in. TWO people have died today. Only two! And get this... they BOTH died in Clermont Falls, Minnesota. The names of the deceased are being withheld until the families can be notified.  Moving on the sports...” The television clicked off. Blaze looked at the flat screen, his brow furrowed in thought on what he had heard.
Only two people in the entire world had perished, and BOTH were in Clermont Falls.  How odd was that? Out of over seven billion people on the planet, everybody managed to live through the day without dying except for two and BOTH were in the very town where HE was living. And ONE of those deaths had happened in front of Blazes’ very eyes that morning! A chill ran up between Blaze’s shoulder blades.  
He poured himself a tall glass of very cold milk and looked out of the window to the street below. The traffic was still very busy as it was every day at this time. Rush hour! The one hour where nothing hardly moves! Blaze smiled at that thought. Then he froze. The old man was across the street looking straight at him! The smile melted off of Blaze’s face. He stepped away from the window. Pulling the blinds closed, he crossed the apartment, put the glass in the sink, and grabbed his keys. He slipped out of the door and locked it behind him.  
Walking briskly, Blaze made his way to the back of the apartment complex, wanting to get away from the gaze of the mysterious old man. He peeked around a corner to see the old man still looking towards his apartment. Relieved he had ditched him, Blaze pulled himself back from the corner of the building he had peered around and walked away looking back to make sure he wasn’t going to be found out. He took two steps, turned his gaze around and damn near had a heart attack. The old man he had just ditched was standing right in front of him!  
“Jiva Tresker,” he said in a surprisingly powerful voice. 
“You need to come back and do what you were assigned to do. It is necessary.” 
Blazes eyes, widened in fear and puzzlement and he shook his head.
“You have the wrong person, Bud!” he declared. 
He then took off at a dead run to get away from the man. Only to run straight into him a second later and it was like running into a concrete wall! Every hair on Blaze’s body stood on end.
“The Master has sent me to you, Jiva Tresker.  He understands your pain and why you have left...”
“Shut up, old man!” he screamed. 
“Leave me alone!” 
Blaze ran away from the area with no thought of any destination in mind. The old man faded as he ran. He ran for another five minutes until his breath was coming in ragged gasps.  His run slowed to a brisk walk, and then to a normal walk. His feet guided him along and soon he found himself at the mall. He walked in and lost himself in the crowd of people in there. But people were looking around and then at him with disgust. Their faces had a look of repugnance on them.
“Take a bath!” someone yelled at him as he passed him by. 
Blaze looked around for the offending person and realized the people were looking at him. Blaze, confused, quickly left the mall. He had showered that morning, so how could HE be the offensive one? And the old man! What was going on? Blaze made his way back to the apartment. When the door opened, his dog darted out, bumping him on the way and ran down the hallway and disappeared down the stairs. Blaze went to go after his pet, but let him go. He’d come back later. 
Safely inside, Blaze made his way into the bathroom to relieve himself. Feeling better, he washed his hands and looked up into the mirror. He noticed that spot on his neck that was there earlier, only it had grown. It was twice the size it was in the morning, and he could smell the sweet, cloying smell of infection. He touched it, but felt no pain. The wound however, ruptured under the light pressure of his touch and thick yellow pus oozed out of the wrecked skin. And then there was the smell. Blaze tried not to vomit, but when the first maggot poked its head out of the wound, Blaze lost it.
‘This must be some kind of nightmare,’ he thought to himself.  ‘It makes no sense at all!’   He looked at the wound again. More maggots were squirming in the purulent fluid, and the wrecked skin peeled away, leaving a hole in his shoulder and neck that was loaded with infection. ‘I need to go to the hospital!’ he thought, panicking. Blaze grabbed his keys from his pocket, made sure he had his wallet, and took off out the door. He made sure it was locked and then went down the stairs. He stopped short when he pushed through the door leading to the outside of the tenement building, looking at the wrecked mass of fur and blood that he knew was what was left of his dog. Apparently, the dog ran in front of a car and it couldn’t stop in time.  The offending car was wrapped around a concrete light pole, the driver unconscious, while the paramedics worked feverishly to extract the man from his twisted metal box. Blaze looked at the scene and was numb.  
Hospital. The thought went through his mind. He turned and walked to the parking lot to get his car. He climbed in and started the motor. It started up, the engine purred, and Blaze turned on the AC. He pulled out of the parking lot into the street and flew to the hospital. He was weaving in and out of traffic, moving as fast as he could to the hospital. When he finally got to the emergency room, he signed in at the kiosk just inside and sat and waited. Five minutes... 
Ten... Fifteen... Blaze stood up and started pacing. He looked into the hall and noticed Becky walking by, weeping. She had her head down wiping the tears from her eyes.
“Becky!” Blaze exclaimed. 
She looked up at him, the tears flowing freely. Becky’s expression turned from one of grief to one of anger and hatred.
“You bastard!” she cried out.  Blaze was taken aback.  
“He’s dead because of you!”  
“What?” Blaze asked, confused.
“Jack!  He’s dead, Blaze!  That argument you had with him was too much!”  
Becky’s gaze turned from hurt to hatred. Blaze felt awkward, because he knew Jack had started this particular fight and that he was being his typical jerk self. But he also knew Becky had always had a thing for the man. He looked down, not wanting to meet her eyes with his.  When she saw Blaze look down, she trembled with rage, pity, hatred, and love all mixed together, and ran down the hall to the exit doors.
“Mr. Kimble,” the nurse called from behind. 
Blaze turned and acknowledged her. 
“Follow me, please,” she said and walked into the triage area.  
“So what’s going on, Mr. Kimble?” she asked, pulling the blood pressure cuff off of the rack on the machine. 
“This,” Blaze answered, holding up a hand to stop her from putting the cuff on.
The nurse looked at the wound, saw larval flies and looked at him with undisguised horror. 
“I’ll get the doctor,” she said, and she left. 
Blaze had put his shirt back on, sighing in resignation.
“No, I’m looking for Jiva Tresker,” Blaze heard through the multitudes of muted voices.  He sat up very straight. The old man! Fear gripped Blaze’s heart and he quickly pulled his shirt the rest of the way on. The curtains to Blaze’s area was pulled open and the old man looked into an empty triage area.
Blaze was sliding through the E.R. as quietly as he could, but as quickly as was possible.  He passed through other triage areas, whispering “I’m sorry” and, “Excuse me” as he disturbed someone as he slipped by.
After several moments, he ran out of the E.R. and out into the hospital parking lot.  Panicked, he looked around and saw the tree line of a small woods. He ran to it in an all-out sprint.
‘Who is this guy?’ he thought while running. ‘What can he possibly want with me?”  These questions kept running through his mind. The answer seemed as if it was on the tip of his mind, but it retreated before he could know what it was. The sun was extremely hot this day, and his run seemed to take a very long time. He finally made it to the woods and didn’t slow down until he was in them deeply enough so as not to be seen by anybody looking at the woods from the outside. He walked more deeply into the wood, admiring the sheer beauty of it.
Tall Oaks reached up to the sky, towering over the ground underneath, the canopy shutting out the sun enough that Blaze could feel the temperature drop at least fifteen degrees. It felt wonderful! It was then he noticed the flies. Not just a few, either. He had been unconsciously swatting at them for the past few minutes, but now they were everywhere! Hundreds of flies kept landing on him, some crawling up his sleeves or going down his shirt. Some flew into his mouth and he spat wildly.
That was when he noticed how his arms were swollen. Bloated, even. The skin was stretched and pale yellow, with a waxy look to them. A look of horror crossed his face, his breathing labored. The flies took that moment to swarm him and almost cover him completely.
 In an instant, they were gone as if they had never been. Blaze looked around and stopped when he saw the old man. Terror filled him, but he found he could not move.
”Jiva Tresker, I have come for you,” the old man said. 
With that he stood taller, his years falling away. In a moment of time, the old bent-over man became this tall, robust man of an incredible beauty – flawless features all, and so tall. It appeared as if a light emanated from his very being. Blaze looked in terror at this transformation, for he could feel raw power flow from this being and it frightened him.
The young man smiled at him, a warm compassionate smile.
“It’s time for you to come back, Jiva. The world has much need of you.” 
His voice was rich and sounded like the roar of a waterfall. Blaze shook his head violently. The young man smiled a knowing smile, warm and full of love. 
“Our Master knows your plight and lets you do this every so many hundreds of years.  But in this day and age, technology has made the need even stronger to get you back on track.  Come and see...” he said and waved his hand.  
Blaze saw many scenes before him flashing in an instant but seeming to last for hours.  War-torn areas where people who had been blown in half were screaming and screaming in pain, waiting to die yet not dying. Someone jumped off a tall building and splatted on the pavement, but they were still intact enough and still alive enough to flop in agony. Cancer victims, torture victims, murderers’ targets... all staying alive in the agony of their injuries or disease.  
“The last person to actually die, Jiva, aside from the two foolish mortals who made actual contact with you, was...”
“Blaze...” Jiva said, realization setting in.
“Blaze,” the young man repeated.  
“He saw me, knew who I was, and begged me.  He was such a good man...” Jiva said.
“Let’s go, Jiva,” the young man smiled. Jiva shrugged and the rotting corpse of Blaze fell to the earth. Jiva knelt on the ground. 
“It gets to me sometimes. How can he possibly want me to go back?” he asked.
“You have such a terrible job and responsibility, Jiva, our Master LETS you take a hiatus.  You are loved and forgiven.” 
 Jiva stood up, gratefulness in his eyes. His stature was equal to his companion’s.
“I’m ready, Gabriel,” Jiva said.
“Let us go then, Jiva Tresker – Harvester of Souls,” Gabriel said.
“I always liked that title so much better than Death or the Grim Reaper,” Jiva said, and in a flash of light, the two angels vanished, and the world quickly returned to normal.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Rage
The roaring in his ears sounded like an unending roll of thunder! He felt the strain of the muscles in his face from the grimace he made. His hands were balled up into fists, one on each side of his head, squeezing it. Low whimpering sounds came out of his mouth and he was rocking a little. His eyes were squeezed tightly shut against the pressure of the stress inside of his head.
Bang! Bang!  Bang!
“Did you hear me?!” came the shrill screaming voice of his wife.  
“You’re not the only person in this house that needs to use the bathroom!” 
Bill snapped out of it, let the muscles in his face relax, and unclenched his fists. His breathing slowed and the roaring in his ears stopped.
“I’ll be out in a minute,” he finally answered.
He stood up from the toilet and flushed to commode as if he had used it, when in fact he just needed some privacy to ease some of the tension that was building up inside of him. Then he washed his hands, splashed some cold water on his face and looked at himself in the mirror. He saw a disheveled man looking back at him, one bereft of hope and happiness.
Bang!  Bang!  Bang!
“Come on! We know you’re full of shit, but seriously! Jenna needs to put on her make-up!”  
He sighed, then dried his hands and face. As he unlocked the door, it boomed open, smacking him in the head and making him stagger back. His ire rose, but he squashed it immediately.
“Why don’t you watch what you’re doing, you moron!” his wife yelled at him.  
He said nothing but looked down.  
“I hope you didn’t make it smell to high heaven in here!” Karen barreled in and sniffed.  She said nothing, but she glared at him in anger and contempt.
“Jenna!  Get your ass in here! You wanted the bathroom so damned bad and that sperm donor that calls itself your father is done with the bathroom!” she yelled and then stormed out of the bathroom.
In moments, his youngest daughter came into the bathroom as Bill was leaving it. She bumped into him by accident.
“Watch it, Bill!” she said in the same derisive tone used by her mother. Bill wanted to throttle her for her insolence, but just left. He had tried his best to save his daughter from turning out this way, being the one parent who did everything for her to help her succeed in life, and teaching her about morals, ethics, and the Golden Rule. He tried every approach he knew and even some suggestions from friends or from the television. He was the strict one, the rule maker and keeper. He even tried on multiple occasions to be the disciplinarian.
But Karen.  
‘Enough said,’ he thought.  Karen was the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on.  The same with everybody he knew.  Everybody commented on her physical beauty! And she could show everybody how wonderful and fun she was, too. To everybody but Bill. She was so vile with him, so utterly unforgiving and always finding fault with him. He wondered how it grew this bad in their marriage, but even when looking back, it always was like this. But he was moon-struck in love with her and paid no mind to all of the warning signs.
Still he loved her, though it was getting more and more difficult to like her. She would not allow him to touch her children in any manner that looked like disciplining with threats of calling the authorities and having him thrown in jail. Oh how she would laugh at him when he would walk away – until he went to leave the house.
“If you leave, don’t bother coming back!” or “I am going to throw all your stuff outside if you so much as step foot out of the house!”  
This was often even more complicated when she would start throwing dishes at him. He would leave and the threats would come over the phone. If he didn’t answer it, she would call and call, over and over again. Then, the threats of suicide; even though he knew she didn’t mean it. Or did she this time?  
Stress! He never knew what to think with her. He would buy her flowers and she would spit on them, or on him. He tried to take her out on a “date night” only to hear, 
“We have all of this work to do around the house and YOU want to go and spend money on the movies! That’s because you’re LAZY!” or else “I’m embarrassed to be seen with you.  Just LOOK at you! Who would want to be seen with you, freak!?” or some other deprecating comment.
Go out with friends?  
Yeah... right!  
“Oh!  I’m not good enough for you so you want to go out with your friends!  Are they fucking you, too? Yeah, THAT’S it, isn’t it? They’re fucking you up the ass! Freak!”
Bill’s breathing started to get raspy, his blood pressure had risen when he left the bathroom from his little girl whom he loved so dearly, yet who was a cookie-cutter version of his wife, especially where he was concerned. She never called him Dad anymore unless she wanted something, then she would be just as nasty as his wife after he helped her.
Bill started to mumble under his breath. He stopped before he went into the kitchen where his wife was boiling water for tea. He looked straight ahead as he headed to the back door.  She turned to watch him.
“Where the hell do you think you’re going?” she asked, her face carrying that same scowl she always carried for him. 
Bill felt the muscles in his neck tighten.  He stopped as his hand rested on the doorknob.  
“I’m going to the store to pick up some light bulbs for the patio, like you asked,” he answered.
“You’re just looking for any excuse to get away from me, aren’t you?” she asked with venom.
“But you got through telling me fifteen minutes ago that you wanted me to go to the store...”
“Just go!” she dismissed him.  
“Run away!  Do me a favor and don’t come back!  Better yet, get hit by a Semi.  I could use the money from your insurance.  You said you wanted to make me happy....”  
Bill calmly walked to his car outside, even though he wanted to run and jump in it and drive as far away as he could. But then the guilt would come. It was HIM that took her away from her former life where she had dated rich men that showered her with expensive jewelry. It was HIM she fell in love with and not that doctor from Fort Lauderdale that was hitting on her and all but begging her to go out with him. HE was responsible for her miserable living conditions! HE was responsible for making her life miserable! HIS fault that every bad decision SHE made was ultimately because of something HE did, making it HIS fault.
For years he sucked it up, hoping she would calm down and they could live the “Happily ever after” but she didn’t calm down, things grew worse!  He had tried to reason with her, explain to her, show her how much he loved her. She never saw it or acknowledged anything. It was never enough. It never would be.  
He sat in the car behind the wheel and grabbed the steering wheel so hard, he could feel cramps starting to form in his hands. He relaxed, started up the car and pulled out of the driveway. He concentrated on getting to the store. Just to the store... how difficult a task this was, when he had such a difficult time keeping his attention on the road.  
By the time he made it to the store and parked his car, he had nearly killed a cat, a dog, and a squirrel. Two pedestrians almost were flattened as he drove with all of the problems he had just rolling through his mind. He wasn’t looking and almost killed a couple of people! He sat in the parking space, threw the car into park and leaned forward, his forehead on the steering wheel.
The roar of the waterfall, ceaseless, unchanging, roared through his ears. He could feel his blood pressure rising, the muscles in his face pulling his mouth into an awful grimace. His eyes were squeezed so tightly, it made his eyelid hurts. The strain of holding it in! The roar continued. He started rocking.  
The roar was deafening! The stress, the pressure in his head! His breathing was hard, again coming in harsh, ragged gasps. His arms hurt from gripping the steering wheel so hard.  The muscles in his jaw stood out from the force of the bite he was grinding his teeth on. A slow moan was escaping his mouth and he never felt it. His neck and back were so stiff with tension.
Why won’t it stop? Why won’t it stop?! WHY WON’T IT STOP?!!!! Why does every fucking day have to be so mother-fucking HARD! The roar is overwhelming.
Tap! Tap! Tap! The metal-barreled flashlight tapped the glass, snapping Bill out of his grim reverie.
“Are you okay?” the police officer asked him.  Bill, all embarrassed, rolled the window down.
“I’m sorry, officer,” he said. 
“I just had the worst headache and took something for it ten minutes ago. I get these awful migraines...”  The officer looked at him skeptically.  Bill squinted up at him, massaging his temples.
“You scared some of these people. All they see is someone in their car rocking and muttering to themselves.”
“I am so sorry! I won’t let it happen again,” Bill promised. 
 He smiled weakly. The officer looked at him sternly, as if knowing what was going through Bill’s mind. The officer sniffed the air escaping Bill’s car, looked him hard in the eyes, debated something for a moment to himself, and then stood up.
“Why don’t you go home?” the officer asked.  
“Better yet, can you call somebody to pick you up?  I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to be driving right now.”
“NO!”  Bill answered abruptly at the thought of going home.  
“I’m fine, officer.  Honest. The Excedrin’s magic is starting to work.”  The cop looked at him. After a moment he decided.
“Let me see your license and registration, please.” 
Bill groaned inwardly. If he got a ticket simply because he was having a toxic meltdown in front of the neighborhood supermarket, it would inevitably be another fight with Karen. He handed the documents to the cop and waited while he ran the check.
“Whose car is this?” he asked.
“It’s mine, officer, but it’s under my wife, Karen’s name.” 
The cop handed him back his documents.
“Okay.  Can you get out of the car, please?” he asked. Bill complied, needing to get out anyway in order to get the lightbulbs he needed. After breathing in the breathalyzer and successfully navigating the coordination tests, the cop let Bill go. Bill then walked into the store and bought the lightbulbs he needed, the cop watching his walk to see if he would stagger.
*~*~*
“What did you do? Talk to everybody you saw?” Karen asked the moment he stepped inside.  
Ignoring her, Bill walked into the kitchen and placed the lightbulbs on the counter. He then fetched the small step-ladder and went to work on replacing the burned out bulbs. As he stepped down he accidentally stepped in front of Karen as she was walking to the stove. She bumped into him because she had her attention on Jenna who was behind her asking if she could spend the night at her friend’s house.
“Watch what the fuck you’re doing, Idiot!” she yelled at Bill, smacking him in the arm.
“I’m not an idiot,” he growled at her.  
She raised her eyebrows when he answered her back.  
“Oh, you’re an idiot, all right!” she said.  
“I have never met anybody as stupid as you! Why couldn’t I have stayed at home with my mother?” she asked while looking up. Then she looked at Bill.  
“But no! I had to listen to your happy ass, promising me you would take care of me! But LOOK at me! I’m a nothing because of you! I’m such a LOSER!”
“Would you knock it off, Karen?” Bill asked, not wanting to hear her self-pitying comments that had the charming quality of also cutting into HIS character.  
“You’re not a los....”
“SHUT UP! SHUT YOUR FUCKING MOUTH!” she screamed.
“Oh, shit. Here we go again,” Jenna commented.
“Bill, you’re such a dick! Why do you upset mom so much? Why can’t you just do what you’re told and not say anything? Nobody wants to listen to anything you want to say anyway.”
Bill looked at his daughter in fury. She glared at him back.
“What are you going to do, Princess?” she asked.  
“I’ll call the cops on you if you so much as touch me.”  
“What are you doing?” shrieked Karen.  
“Leave my baby alone!” she grabbed and hugged her daughter, who looked at Bill with contempt and a nasty little grin on her face. Bill felt his ire rise, his breathing get harder.
Bill started shaking, his heart hammered, and that roar! The tenseness in his neck and back was so bad one could have broken a board over it and he never would have noticed it. He turned and left before he really lost his temper.
“Why don’t you just pack your shit and leave, bitch?” Karen yelled after him.  
Bill calmly walked to the other end of the house, looked into the bedrooms and finally found his eldest daughter, April; lying in her bed with her headphones on so she didn’t have to listen to the fighting. Bill bent over and pulled the headphones off. She looked at her father quizzically. He bent over and kissed his daughter on the forehead. A hot tear landed on her cheek and rolled down her face.
“Daddy?” she asked, looking at him, scared.  
Something in Bill’s face scared her, not because there was any danger directed at her.  But it was there – something awful that she had never seen before in anyone.
“Baby, why don’t you go out for a little bit?” he asked kindly.  
“Go to the store and get me a pack of cigarettes? Okay? Here’s some money...” he said rooting in his wallet.  
April knew something was terribly, terribly wrong.  She took the offered money, let her father kiss her forehead, and she left.  
“What did the faggot want with you?” Karen asked as April stepped into the living room.
The warning look on April’s face was missed as she hurried out the door. She tried to signal her mother and sister to follow her, but they turned their attention to Bill, who walked slowly out into the living room, his head hanging down.
He was listening. Listening to the constant roar of the waterfall, the thunder that rolled and rolled on. He was grimacing again, his hands grabbing each side of his head as he fought to quell the pressure that wanted to explode out of him. April ran outside, pulled out her cell phone and called 9-1-1.
“Are you drunk, Bill?” Karen asked.  
Bill didn’t answer, COULDN’T answer. He could only hear the thunder. She smacked Bill in the back of the head.
“I’m talking to you, you stupid son of a bitch!” she yelled.  
Bill never felt her.  The roar in his head was so loud!  
“I said I’m TALKING TO YOU, FAGGOT!!!” Karen screamed as she picked up a big, glass ashtray and shattered it over the back of Bill’s head.  
Bill stopped, straightened himself up. He had a grimace on his face that made him look like he was smiling at something, when he was in reality trying to maintain his self-control.
“What the hell is so funny, BITCH?” she screamed.
Then the dam broke. The roar screamed in his head, and wouldn’t be calmed. His muscles screamed to release the pent-up energy so long held there. He looked at Karen and she was yelling something at him that he couldn’t hear. Then she spit in his face, and kicked him in the balls.
But to her surprise, Bill didn’t fall down writhing in pain. He was too far past that point to feel anything ever again! Bill looked at her and back-handed her so hard, she flew a good four feet in the air before she landed on her coffee table, breaking it into pieces.  
“Don’t you touch my mom like that, you bastard!” Jenna yelled, sticking her face in front of her father’s.  
When his gaze fell on her, she was terrified, but reacted in the only way she knew how to.  She smacked him across the face. She was then going to tell him to leave her house when Bill’s hand shot out like a striking rattlesnake. His fingers closed around her throat and his eyes, wild and full of rage fell on her countenance. He bellowed out his rage, his anger from all of the years of degradation and abuse from first his wife, and now his daughter as well. He bellowed loud and he bellowed hard. The roaring in his head had reached a crescendo, it finally having found release.
Jenna realized too late that Bill was too far gone, that she and her mother had pushed him to the breaking point and then past it. His grip was superhuman. Jenna clawed at his hand, realizing her life was being crushed out of her as her windpipe was being crushed. Then Bill slammed his youngest daughter against the simulated brick wall and her head smacked into it, cracking like an egg and shooting blood on the wall. Jenna’s eyes went wide with the realization that her head had cracked open and the she went limp. Bill threw her lifeless form to the floor and looked at Karen. Karen saw her daughter die. Then she became full of wrath herself, picked up a poker from the faux fireplace, and swung it with all she had at this man she so hated.
The singing of the waterfalls, the roar of the thunder! It was like music in Bill’s ears. This maddening roar which was brought about by the release of this rage. It felt so good to release it, this pent-up pressure from the pits of hell. Its release was fulfilling! It was orgasmic on a level he never knew!  He saw the “fucking bitch” swing the poker at him and moved so fast it amazed him – and terrified Karen. 
Bill grabbed her arm in its swing and stopped the momentum of the weapon. He started laughing, and even in this state he heard the laugh of a madman, and knew that the madman was himself.  He looked at Karen. In her hatred, she spat in his face again. The singing of his rage again reached new heights. He punched her so hard her neck broke. Bill dove onto her and grabbed a handful of her hair with each hand and repeatedly smacked her head onto the tile floor until her head was like a rotted melon that had hit the floor.
 Then the music ceased. 
 Bill felt the damnation of his immortal soul.
*~*~*
The police broke the door down and saw the carnage brought forth by the man and then found him in the kitchen. He had taken a butcher knife and had pulled it so hard across his own throat he almost completely severed his own head.
His face?  It had a mad smile on it...
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Wolfie
“You’re such a jerk!” Mike said, pushing past his older step-brother. 
Tom laughed along with his friends. Mike went to rub his knee and saw his brand new jeans had a rip in the knee. He swallowed hard.
“Look at what you did!” he screamed.  
“Mom is going to kill me!” he shrieked. Tom got angry and punched Mike in the mouth, knocking him down. Mike sobbed and put his hands to his mouth.
“She’s NOT YOUR MOM!!!” Tom screamed. 
 “She’s MINE!”  
Mike looked at him in horror, blood streaming out of the side of his mouth. Tom turned his back on his younger step-bother and stomped away. His friends followed behind, laughing.
“Nice shot!” one of them said.
“Why is your step-brother such a pussy?” the other said, casting a backward glance.
He flipped the bloodied youth the finger. When they were out of sight, Mike’s visage grew hard. He stood up and cut through the woods, trying to make it home before Tom did.  He knew he would make it there in plenty of time before his bully step-brother did. So, on he raced.
*~*~*
Nancy Devora was cooking supper when Mike walked in the back door. She looked at him, the dried blood on his face and clothes, the torn jeans. She scowled. Mike knew what was coming.
“You little bastard!” she yelled. 
 “You have your pants on one day and you rip a hole in them.  What the hell is wrong with you?”
“It was Tom...” he tried to protest.
“Shut up!” she barked. 
 “You don’t think I know what you were doing?  You wanted a pair of those “fancy” jeans that are already torn up so you decided to make your own?  Right?  RIGHT?!  Stupid idea for fashion, that is.  Well it will be quite some time before you get any more clothes!”  She looked at his shirt again, at the blood that had dried on them.
“And you bled all over your new shirt, too!” she scolded and grabbed a handful of hair and jerked it hard to the side, pulling Mike off his feet.  
The child fell to the ground and busted his mouth once again, knocking out a tooth in the process. Tom and his friends walked in just at that moment.
“How’d that little shit beat us home?” he asked.  
“Did you see that?’ Tom’s friend Lee Murphy asked.  
“Like mother, like son!” he jibed.  
Tom’s other friend, the one who flipped Mike off, laughed.
“What are you laughing at, Goldman?” Mike asked the laughing boy.  
“I wouldn’t be laughing so hard if I had a girl’s first name, Ja-a-a-a-n!” Goldman grew red in the face and balled up his fists.
“It’s NOT a girl’s name!!!” he screamed, his face blood-red. 
“Ever heard of Jan-Michael Vincent?!”
“I’ve also heard of Jan as in Janet Janice, and Janalisa,” Mike quipped, enjoying himself at the boy’s expense. The boy looked at Tom who was finding humor in the exchange further infuriating the boy.
“Okay, Goldman.  One free shot,” he said, stepping out of the way. 
Mike looked in disbelief as Nancy stepped out of the way and turned to watch.  Goldman walked up to Mike, picked him up by his shirt so that his face was even with his, and spit full in his face a wad of mucus he had coughed up from his throat. He drew back his hand and went to slap Mike across the face. Mike seeing what was about to happen, swiftly planted his foot squarely into Goldman’s crotch. Goldman looked dumbly at Mike for a moment, realization setting in before the pain hit. And hit it did!
“Ooooo that hurt!” Lee said bringing his knees together as if someone was about to kick him in the balls.
Goldman dropped Mike and he doubled over as pain went from his genitals up into his abdomen, needles of white hot pain crawling like ants on his scrotum. His knees buckled and he went to the floor.  
“Oh, God...” kept coming out of his mouth as the pain kept rising.  
Nancy was laughing openly and looked at Mike who was doing the same, and noticed the tooth that she had knocked out of his mouth. She scowled. In one swift motion, she grabbed Mike by his hair made him look at her. She looked at his face.
“Open your mouth!” she commanded.  
Mike opened his mouth and she looked at her handiwork.  
“Damn!  You were careless enough to lose one of your permanent teeth!  Well, I certainly will not be paying for your dental work, you nasty little shit! Go to your room!” she screamed and all but threw Mike out of the kitchen. Mike glared back at the kitchen as he walked to his room.
“Get this little faggot out of here,” Nancy barked at Tom.  
Tom and Lee picked up their friend and carried him outside. They carelessly dropped him to the ground when they had gotten far enough away from the door so Nancy couldn’t hear them.
“For Pete’s sake, Goldman!” Tom said. 
 “That little twerp couldn’t have kicked you that hard.” Goldman looked at him with undisguised hatred.  
“Fuck you, Tom!” he said still doubled over, but at least standing. 
 “I don’t know how, but that little punk-ass brother of yours kicked me harder than I have ever been kicked before! I think he broke one of my balls!”
“He’s NOT MY BROTHER!!!” Tom screamed.
“Lay off him, man!” Lee said, tired of all of this.  
“He really got pegged, okay?” Tom glared at Lee.  
“Okay?” Lee repeated.  
Tom took a deep breath and stepped back, regaining his composure. Lee was probably the only boy in school that could beat him in a fight and Lee was not the type to piss off, which Tom was starting to do.
“Yeah.  Sure,” he said and turned away in anger.  
Goldman walked around for ten minutes before he was able to stand upright. Lee was talking to nobody in particular about what an asshole his father was while Tom stood there with his back to the both of them, still fuming. Just then, Nancy yelled.
“Thomas Kent!  Supper!”  
Tom snapped to, looked at his friends and said, 
“Later, niggas!” and ran into his house. 
 Lee and Goldman fist bumped and separated, Lee going north and Goldman south.  Lee lived in the suburbs while Goldman lived in the trailer park on the edge of town.
Lee was home in ten minutes. His mother said nothing, being used to his random comings and goings. He did okay in school and that was all she was really worried about. In fact, Lee was in the top five of his class. So she pretty much left him alone and he returned the favor. Every-since his father left them for his pretty little administrative assistant without so much as a good-bye, Lee and his mother drifted apart. He started hanging out with Tom and Goldman more and she became a high-class hooker for some fancy escort service. They weren’t hurting for money, but they both wished the other would try to tell them how much they needed the other but they never did.
Lee rooted in the refrigerator and grabbed some leftover chicken wings and a Coke, then grabbed some napkins and marched off to his room. He did his homework in an hour and set the books aside, then pulled out his cell phone and called Tom.
“Hey, Kent! What happened after I left?”
“The little creature that keeps thinking we’re related got grounded for losing a tooth and has been in his room since. The old man hasn’t come home from his business trip yet, but should be back any time.”
“So what are you gonna do? Sit back and watch the Nancy and Jackman Show when Pipsqueak’s dad gets home?”
“Naw,” Tom answered.  
“Too predictable. He’s so whipped it isn’t funny. Despicable, actually. I see where the little weirdo gets it from. I’m just glad I didn’t get any of that DNA.” Lee laughed. 
“I think I’m going to slip out tonight and go on the prowl for Hannah Lannahan. I’m feeling a little wolfie tonight.”
“You dog! I’m so jealous,” Lee answered.  
“You guys getting serious?”
“Not yet, but we are sure having a hell of a lot of fun together.”
“Well don’t let me hold you up, my man,” Lee said.  
“I want a full report before class tomorrow.”
“I know.  Talk to you later.”  Tom hung up the phone and texted Hannah.  He was going to have a great night, he could just tell.
*~*~*
Jan Goldman was walking for only five minutes, when he had to stop for a break.  His groin was really hurting.  ‘Damn that little prick can kick!’ he thought ruefully. He looked at his watch and saw he would never get home on time, so he thought he would take the shortcut through the woods. It saved at least fifteen minutes, and he needed every minute to get home.
He just hated to go through there at this time of day. The sun was close to setting and it definitely would be dark before he made it through the woods. He called his mother up and told her he would be a little late getting home, that he had gotten attacked by a group of kids after school and was sore, but that he would be just a little late.
Goldman hated being late home. While his parents weren’t that strict with him, they still demanded him to be home by eight-thirty. Ironic that he made them believe he was getting bullied at school, him being the one who bullied other kids. But the curfew was due to the fact that his father had grown up being bullied and never wanted his son to deal with it.
He walked into the wood and started down the well-worn path away from the road.  He hated these woods especially at night. Bully that he was the thought of wild animals attacking him was one of the most disturbing things he could imagine.  
PAIN! He had to stop again. His groin hurt unlike anything he had ever felt before!  Oh was he going to beat his ass the next time he saw him! He was still doubled over when he heard something running through the woods off to his left, and then stopped. His nape hairs prickled and he felt sick to his stomach.  
He took two steps and froze. Off to his left, he heard the dried leaves of the wood’s floor crackle and then stop. He took another step, and so did the thing in the darkness. He pulled out a small LED flashlight from his pocket, something he always carried. He clicked it on and aimed it in the direction of the sound.
“Who’s there?” He asked
In response, whatever was stalking him broke into a run directly to him, and before his light illuminated what it was, something shot out of the dark form of the thing that was upon him and with a spray of crimson spraying in his little flashlight’s beam, Jan Goldman had his throat ripped out.
*~*~*
“Holy shit!” Tom said when he got to school and heard the news. 
 Lee met him before he got too far into the more social areas and told him the news.
“You sure?” Tom asked in disbelief.
“Positive. Sarah Bennet overheard her father telling her mother after he got home.”
Rick Bennett was the county’s sheriff. He was woken in the middle of the night for the call. What he saw almost unmanned him. The Goldman boy was literally ripped to shreds, only his hands and his face left pretty much untouched. It was almost like the killer wanted the deceased to be easily recognized.
What made the sheriff think this was a murder and not just an animal attack was not the fact that the head and face were pretty much untouched. It was the fact that the boy’s genitalia were ripped out of the boy’s scrotum and placed in the boy’s eye sockets, while his penis was placed in the victim’s mouth, and his eyes were skewered onto a stick and stuck into his heart.
School was cancelled due to the shocking news. Even though Goldman was a bully, he was STILL a kid that went to this school and ANY of them could possibly have been the victim. School counselors came to each of the children as they arrived and asked if they needed to talk to someone.
“What’s going on?” Mike asked, catching up to his step-brother who always left him behind.  His head was bobbing all over looking around at all of the activity.
“Somethin’ that shoulda happened to YOU,” Tom muttered.
“Knock it off,” Lee admonished.  
“He doesn’t know yet.”
“Know what?” Mike asked, looking from one of them to the other. Tom didn’t look at him.
“He’s dead. Some freak totally wasted him! Tore him to pieces, actually,” Lee explained. Mike was quiet, absorbing the news.
“I’m so sorry to hear that,” Mike said after a minute of quiet.
“Yeah...” Tom said.  
“You’re right. You ARE sorry.”
“And that asshole got what he had comin’ to him,” Mike retorted.  
Mike expected Tom to retaliate, but didn’t see the blow coming from Lee. His vision swam and he fell. Mike got up on his knees, still looking own, breathing hard. After a few seconds he looked up at Lee pure hatred in his eyes. Lee stepped back so terrible was that look.
“I promise you, Lee, he said menacingly, you WILL pay for that and I thought you were actually somewhat nice.”  Mike smiled menacingly, his smile showing off all of his teeth.
“Are you threatening us?” Tom yelled and went to kick Mike. 
Mike easily ducked out of the way and kicked Tom in the fork of his legs, lifting Tom almost a foot off the ground. By the time Tom hit the ground, Mike was already running down the road to home.
“Mother FUCK!” Tom yelled.  
Mr. Tucker, the Assistant Principal, just so happened to see the whole exchange, but it was already over before he could intervene. But now he stood over an agonizing Thomas Kent (Lee was nowhere to be seen) with a frown on his face.
“Young man,” he said in his easy tone, something he never EVER wavered from. 
 “I happened to see the whole exchange between you and your sibling, and I was going to intervene, but it looks like you got so much more of a punishment from the one who had every right to give it to you.”  
A small smile tried to tug the corners of his mouth.  
“I would suggest, though, that you don’t give retribution. I might have to do something about that if you do. Am I clear?” he asked calm and cool.
“Yes, sir,” Tom replied as the pain was starting to subside a little.  
“Now go home. I don’t want to see you here until we open again. Or else...” he left that hang.  
Tom got to his feet and staggered away, his groin screaming at him. After he walked for a few minutes, he just had to stop. Gingerly he touched the area on his jeans just over the sensitive area and recoiled.
‘Damn!’ he thought. ‘Now I see why Goldman carried on like he did. I’m gonna kill that little bastard!’ Lee came up next to him.
“You all right?” he asked.  
“Your little bro....step-brother really knows how to kick!”
“That’s because he’s a girl, you moron!” Tom groaned.  
“And thanks for sticking around with me back there.”  Lee kicked a small rock on the road, sending it bouncing erratically down the street.
“Sorry,” Lee apologized. 
 “There’s just something about Mr. Tucker that scares the living daylights outta me.  I can’t put my finger on it, but that man scares me.”  
Tom was going to quip something to Lee about being a pansy, but stopped himself.
“Yeah.  I know what you mean,” Tom said after a moment.
After a moment, Lee who had been quiet and reflective looked at Tom.
“Didn’t your mom knock out one of the twerp’s teeth the other day?”
“Yeah.  And...?”
“You guys must have a great dentist, because it looks like he has all of his teeth. “
They walked pretty much in silence after that, reflecting on Goldman, mostly, but Tom also thought about Mike’s teeth. They didn’t go to any dentist. When they got to Tom’s house, Lee said his good-byes and went home. Tom was still sore as hell from that kick, but felt good enough to walk mostly normal. He didn’t want to give that little punk the satisfaction. Oh, the things he was going to do to him. He smiled grimly to himself, as he went inside the house.
*~*~*
Lee went into his house, opened the freezer, grabbed a Hot Pocket, and threw it into the microwave. After a ninety seconds, he pulled it out, slid it onto a paper plate, and went into his room. He wasn’t looking at anything but his hot, actually too hot to eat, snack. He kicked the door shut and froze.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, walking to the foot of his bed. The figure stood in the shadows of his closet but said nothing.
“Why don’t you leave right now before I have you taken outta here?” 
 The figure didn’t move. Lee felt less sure of himself, and maybe a little scared. This silent unmoving figure was more frightening than he could figure on.  
“Hey, Mom!  Can you come here for a minute?” The figure didn’t move.  
“Mom!”
At that moment, an object flew out of the shadows and Lee dropped his food. His mother’s head bounced off the floor once and rolled, stopping at Lee’s feet. Lee looked up, saw his assailant clearly, and to his credit, tried to get to the swords he had on the display rack on his dresser but he wasn’t fast enough.
Lee’s attacker pounced on him, razor sharp claws ripping through his skin like soft butter, tearing his back open and spraying the walls crimson. Lee’s hand managed to close around the hilt of one of his swords, and that was the last thing he knew.
*~*~*
“Curfew!?  What the hell for?” Tom asked the officer that was going door-to-door in his neighborhood.  
The officer looked at the boy, told him to stand fast, and stepped out, his hand grabbing the radio mic affixed to his shoulder. After a minute, the officer walked back into the house and told the family to sit down. In a moment, Lt. Donnelly walked in. He looked at the three of them, Nancy, Tom, and Mike.  
“Where’s your husband, Mrs. Devora?  I think he needs to be part of this as well.”
“He’s out of town on a business...”
“...trip,” Jackman Devora said as he walked in with his suitcase.  
“Just got in from a convention in Dallas. What’s going on?” he asked.
“Good.  Well then,” the Lieutenant cleared his throat.
 “We unfortunately had another series of murders this morning, and we are wanting all people to stay inside their homes for the time being.
“Murders?” he asked looking at his family, especially at his son, Mike.
Mike looked him square in the eye and something passed between them, and only Tom noticed.
“Yes.  Yesterday the Goldman boy was found murdered in the woods close to his home, and this morning some neighbors claimed they heard some glass breaking in the Murphy residence on West Maple Street.” Tom sat up straight, eyes fixed on the detective’s lips.  
“I’m sorry to say that both Mrs. Murphy and her son were found dead on the scene.”  Tom grew pale as did Nancy.
“Any suspects?” Jackman asked.
“Not yet, Mr. Devora, but we wanted this family to be kept home safely until we have some kind of lead. After all, the Murphy boy AND the Goldman boy were friends with your step-son here. We just want to make sure nothing happens to anybody in this house.”
*~*~*
Several weeks passed without incident. Jackman Devora went to work every day and came home every evening, and the Devora’s would argue every night. Well, Nancy would do the arguing, Jackman just looked at her like a predator looking at its prey, a look which Nancy missed. She misunderstood Jackman’s quiet demeanor as weakness and cowardice.  She couldn’t have been more wrong. Jackman was patient. Very patient.
The boys were under constant surveillance during this time, and Tom wasn’t able to bully on his step-brother. The police chief had assigned an undercover to follow them around throughout the day at school, but when they were home, they were there to stay for the night.
Finally, the day came when word of similar killings occurred at a neighboring town some twenty miles away and the investigation was put on hold unless the activity came any closer. They still had a lone cop watching the place, but the escorts were gone. Then the surveillance was only for the night time hours until the children were gone to school, or change of shift.
After they turned the corner, Tom shoved Mike and Mike dropped his books and his lunch opened up and flew everywhere. Tom laughed at him, but Mike smiled back. Tom quit laughing – something wasn’t right. This made Tom angry so he stormed off at a pace meant to leave Mike behind in a hurry.  
“Enjoy your lunch!” 
Mike watched him go, a knowing grin on his face.  
*~*~*
Tom came in the house, angry and disturbed. He stormed past his mother who watched him go by with a surprised look on her face.
“Keep that freak away from me!” he said waving his arm behind him.  
He stormed off into his room and slammed the door. Mike came in right after, the grin wider than before, a look of anticipation in his eyes. He walked by Nancy, paying her no mind.  Angry, she grabbed his arm. Mike turned to look at her with such ferocity, she almost let go but she became angry instead, tightening her grip on his arm.
“Bitch!” Mike said. 
“I would rip your arms off and beat you with them, but my father wants that pleasure for himself!”
“Why you little...” 
Nancy swung her arm back to hit Mike in a way meant to cause a child serious harm.
“Stop!”  
Jackman appeared at the kitchen doorway leading into the dining area.  
“Mike, you know what needs done. Enjoy yourself,” he smiled at his son.  
Nancy turned a look of pure hatred to her husband.
“Since when do YOU give the orders here, you pathetic excuse for a man?” She asked.  
Jackman closed the distance from the doorway to the woman, fifteen feet at least, much faster than she could blink. He had his hands around her throat and lifted her off the ground. He smiled a feral grin and told his son, “Go!” He turned his face back to Nancy, his eyes a feral yellow instead of their normal brown.
“Yes!” Mike exclaimed and went into the back of the house.  
Tom was in his room sorting through his drawers looking for some clean underwear.  When Mike came into his room, the look of surprise was comical. Then he became angry.
“Since when are you allowed in my room, twerp?!” he barked. 
 Mike was smiling that same infuriating smile. Tom started to rage.  
“Get OUT!   I have a date with Hannah, and I don’t want to break a sweat kicking your ass before I go!”  
“Your date has been cancelled... permanently,” Mike said.  
Tom was again taken aback.  Mike kept grinning.
“I am SO going to knock that stupid grin from your face forever, you freak!” Tom said and barreled over to Mike, intent on flattening him. His big fist was drawn and he swung.
But never connected.
Mike laughed a harsh laugh, sounding more grown up than he was. He had caught Tom’s fist and was holding it. Tom couldn’t get it loose. Fear shot through him, and that adrenaline rush made him strong – so strong he was at least three times his normal strength.  But Mike held him as if he was holding an infant.
“Ma!” he cried out.  
“MA!!!”
Almost in answer, Nancy let out the most blood curdling scream ever to be heard in that town. Tom looked to the door, then back to Mike, or what used to be Mike. Mike had grown in stature and was still growing. Muscles crawled like pythons under his skin.  Hair was growing on his arms and in fact, his entire body.
“What’s the matter, Tommy?  Ain’t scared of a little werewolf are ya?” Mike asked.
“Your pussy-assed little friends were.”   
Tom was shaking his head in utter disbelief.  
“Oh yeah.... How?  There’s no full moon!” 
“I get that a lot from my snacks before I eat them. You see, my father and I are true lycanthropes. We shape-shift at will. My father and I aren’t one of those half-breed bastards that bark at the full moon. Question answered? Good! I didn’t have lunch today, so I’m famished!” Mike said as the full change came on him.  
Tom realized as his throat was being ripped out, that his mother had stopped screaming.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
The Academic Death of Jonah Falkirk
How often do each and every one of us wish we had chosen a different path in life at some or other exact point? You know which point I’m talking about. The fork in the road where one path looks amazing, contains no obstacles and has the greatest scenery, yet turns out to be the biggest mistake of our lives or the path that looks rocky, filled with patches of thorns and a new obstacle at every turn, yet turns out to be the one truly perfect path to walk.
The choices we make, whether good or bad, right or wrong, shape our lives. Sometimes not exactly in the way we wished and hoped for, but sometimes, just sometimes, be careful what you wish for. It might just come true and you alone will be left to face the consequences of you own actions.
*~*~*
The intercom crackled to life and the loud echoing voice of the Headmistress boomed through the large building with its vast corridors.
“Mr Falkirk, could you please report to the boy’s room on the fourth floor. Thank you.”
Jonah Falkirk glared up at the intercom with intense hatred. How many times hadn’t he asked Miss Goodburg to contact him via the walkie talkie, the same one he had asked her to use only the day before? No, instead she felt the need to humiliate him over a voice system which allowed every student and every teacher to hear him being called, like a dumb dog being summoned by its Master. 
He loathed her, he loathed his job and he loathed his pathetic excuse of an existence.
At thirty seven, he had achieved absolutely nothing. He lived in a small cramped apartment, drove a beat up old pickup truck that was in serious need of repairs and worked at a prestigious private school. One would think that it would be all glamorous, but no, he was nothing more than a mere janitor. There to clean up after a bunch of rich, spoiled kids.
Often he would sit in his little cramped apartment and ponder life. At which stage in his life had he allowed things to go so horribly wrong? Of course, he knew the answer to this. He was a dropout. Too many nights staying out late with his buddies, drinking, partying, drugs. The countless girls who had practically fallen over him in his youthful days. He had been one of the most popular and good looking guys in his high school. Least that was till he thought he could do better, he wanted more than just an education. He wanted life experience. He had convinced himself that school was for losers. This led to him moving out of his parents’ house at sixteen and applying for his very first job. McDonald’s. Not the career path he would have liked to have, but hey, it was something. It allowed him to earn his own money and afford his own place, which ironically, was the exact place he was still living in.
With mop and bucket in hand he slowly headed off towards the boys bathroom on the fourth floor of the massive building, hoping that it was nothing more than some spilled water, or a kid who missed the toilet bowl.
He let out a loud curse the moment he opened the door. Someone had taken it upon themselves to humiliate him even more. Feces was plastered all over the walls of the once white bathroom. To make things worse, they has written his name with it. 
He choked and gagged at the sight and smell of it. Utter disgust was clearly etched all over his face.
The strong smell of bleach wafted through the corridors. Jonah had scrubbed and washed and disinfected the mess that had been left for him. A gift from a couple of senior boys. He knew who it had been, the same boys it always was. The ones who belittled him, played terrible pranks on him and laughed at him whenever he walked past them. Of course, there was absolutely nothing he could do to change things. This was his life and would always be.
*~*~*
The old man stood with cigar in mouth, watching and listening as the school bell rang to signal the end of yet another school day. Swarms of students came rushing out. Some got into their own fancy cars their parents had bought them for birthdays, some climbed into a yellow school bus, laughing and playing around with classmates, some got into cars with a parent in the driver’s seat and some walked off down the road; either in groups or on their own. 
This was not why the old man was here. He was waiting to complete a mission. To grant one wish and record the consequences of that single wish.
Nobody even took notice of the old man, not even when a large black crow landed neatly on his shoulder.
“Hello old friend, you here to watch the show?”
“Caw.”
A smile grew wide on the old man’s face and he continued to have his one-sided conversation with the crow.
“I thought you might turn up. This one is just for you.” 
He slowly ran a hand down the crows soft feathers before the crow took off with a flurry of black wings and feathers and another loud “Caw”, only to go perch high up in the nearest tree. He too would watch and wait.
*~*~*
Another long day was behind him. A dreadful long day. Besides having to have dealt with the gift that had been left for him in the boys bathroom on the fourth floor, Jonah also had to mop floors in the cafeteria, repair a broken window, fix a couple lockers that had been damaged and empty trash bins throughout the building. He was exhausted, and anybody near enough to hear, could hear him muttering and cursing to himself as he headed towards his old truck.
He struggled for a good fifteen minutes before the engine of the truck finally roared to life. Finally he could get home and relax a little, maybe order some pizza and wash it down with a few bottles of ice cold beer while he watches television for a couple hours. Hopefully, there was a good action movie on.
Jonah hadn’t noticed the old man watching him while he was fighting to get his truck started, he didn’t notice him as he parked the truck and trudged up the stairs towards his crummy apartment. Yet the old man was always there.
“Hi there neighbor, how was work?”
Lacy Mathews smiled brightly at Jonah as he stood in front of his door. He dug deep into his pockets, looking for his keys. He looked up and gave her a quick smile before answering rather frankly.
“Shitty as always thanks.”
“Aww hun, you really need to think about finding something else if you hate it so much.”
Lacy was a very sweet girl, but Jonah failed to notice that she cared deeply for him. He mostly shrugged her off as to being nothing more than a nosy neighbor.
His hand wrapped around a bunch of keys, and with that he pulled them out, gave Lacy another small smile and unlocked his door.
“Yeah, Yeah. I’ll see you around.”
The apartment was dark, as all the curtains had been drawn shut. 
“Fuck!”
He had kicked his shin against the small cluttered coffee table standing in the middle of the living room. For a moment he hopped around on one leg before yanking open the curtains. Sunlight came pouring through the smudged windows, filling the space with a soft yellow glow.
*~*~*
Empty beer bottles and pizza boxes lay scattered on the floor besides the sofa Jonah had fallen asleep on after his splurge. A sudden rapping on the door had him sitting up. He rubbed the back of his neck and stood up slowly. Another loud rapping had him curse into the darkness.
“Hang on will you!”
He was annoyed as he looked at the illuminated face of his digital watch. Three Am. Who in their right minds were up at this hour, and why bother him?
Once more there was a rap on the door, this time a little more urgent.
“For God’s sake, I’m coming!”
He grabbed the doorknob and pulled the door open hard. Nobody, not a single person. The hallway was totally void of life. The only indication that their might have been someone, was the strong odor of cigar smoke that hung in the early morning air. He scanned the hallway both ways before stepping towards the staircase. He was about to call out when he heard the front door to the building shut with a loud bang, vibrating through to the very foundations.
If it wasn’t for the fact that it was highly unlikely that the boys from the school knew where he lived, he would have sworn it had been them playing a prank on him at this very moment.
He cursed to himself a few more times before turning towards his apartment. He stopped suddenly, there on his welcome mat, lay an envelope. Jonah bent down and scooped it up, turning it over in his hands a few times as he looked at it. It was the fancy type, yet none like he had ever seen before. It was black with light silver swirls covering it. In one of the corners was a small silver picture of a crow on a branch. The envelope was sealed with red wax. A strange emblem imprinted on it. On the front his name was printed in large bold letters. It was obvious that this was an important letter.
With envelope in hand he walked back inside, making sure he locked and bolted his door.
Jonah didn’t own anything fancy like a letter opener, and so he grabbed a butter knife from the kitchen drawer before making himself comfortable on the old musty smelling recliner. He slowly slid the knife under the wax seal and pried it open. The letter itself looked just like the envelope it had been sealed in. Black and silver. He started to read.
“Dear Mister Falkirk,
Do you wish your life was different? Do you ache and yearn for more? Life has so much more to offer, yet you are stuck in a rut. Are you tired of doing the same thing every day? Cleaning up after other people’s children.
What if there was a way to change your life? Would you take the risk of being more than what you are right now?
I offer you a chance of change, no strings attached. You will have the life you dreamed of and still retain the memories you now have.
If you accept this offer, simply prick your finger with a needle, allow nothing more than a single drop of your blood to fall on this letter. Replace the letter in its envelope and place it back outside your front door. Within twenty four hours, your wish will be granted.
Thanking you kindly,
A”
Jonah read and reread the letter a couple more times. Surely, this was some kind of joke. He threw the envelope on the cluttered coffee table, stripped his clothes off and climbed into bed. By morning the letter was totally forgotten.
*~*~*
Another day, another horrible day. It had mostly passed without incident, that was, till lunch time. After a row, involving two of the seniors fighting over who was to take Jennifer Riley to the school dance, an argument about whether “The Vampire Diaries” was better than “Teen Wolf” and a game of push the nerd, the cafeteria looked like a tornado had torn a path through it. 
Jonah sighed heavily as he filled yet another trash bag, tossing it against the wall with the rest of the rubbish. The rest of the day passed in the normal routine, polishing floors, making sure the bathrooms were clean, sweeping the staircases.
He almost had a decent day. He stepped outside and headed towards his old beaten up truck once again. There it stood, waiting to be discovered. The boys had gone too far this time. Spray painted all over his truck were the words “loser” in large bold letters. Jonah knew there was nothing he could do about it. He turned on his heel and walked. He walked all the way home that day. He just couldn’t get himself to get into his truck and would deal with it another day, for today was Friday, which meant an entire weekend of peace.
*~*~*
“Where’s your truck? Did something happen?”
He could hear the concern in Lacy’s voice. She had come up behind him while he was unlocking his apartment door.
“Oh... Uhm... I sent it in for repairs.”
A relieved “Phew” escaped her, and Jonah realized that this girl actually honestly cared about his welfare. Yet his life was a mess, maybe if he was richer and had a different job, he would consider asking her on a date.
“Had me worried there for a moment.”
She let out a soft giggle as she spoke.
“By the way, there was a strange man here this morning. He was standing right outside your door for least an hour. He seemed kinda creepy looking, so I decided to just leave him be.”
Jonah suddenly remembered the letter from the previous night.
“Did you see where he went? What did he look like?”
“Sorry no, and yeah. He was an oldish man, I’m guessing maybe in his late sixties, maybe older. He was wearing a dark trench coat and a cowboy hat. I didn’t really get a good look at his face. Is he someone you know?”
Jonah shrugged and shook his head. He wondered whether this person had left him the letter.
“Hey are you okay?”
Lacy looked at him oddly as he replied in a rather rude voice.
“Yes, I gotta go.”
She merely nodded and walked back to her own apartment. Before she closed her door, she turned back and gave him a sly smile.
“You know, we should go out for a drink sometime. I dunno, maybe like a date. Think it over a bit. See ya.”
She shut the door behind her before Jonah was able to answer. 
*~*~*
The envelope was still lying on the cluttered table, beckoning Jonah to open it once more, and so he did. He read it a couple more times, allowing the words to sink in.
The chance to change his life, isn’t that exactly what he wished for?
Atop the kitchen counter stood a knife rack, filled with knives sharp enough to cut right through bone, the way a hot knife would cut through butter. Jonah looked for the sharpest one and turned it over in his hand a few times, running his fingers over the sharp blade. Before he knew it, a sharp burning pain shot through him. While deep in thought, he had unintentionally cut his index finger. It was nothing serious, but he watched for a moment as a drop of blood dripped onto the linoleum tiles on the kitchen floor.
It seemed to Jonah like time had slowed down. He held the letter open in front of him and allowed another drop of blood to fall, this time right onto the paper in his hand. He watched as it splattered, leaving tiny little pinpricks of blood around the spot the blood had dropped on. His eyes widened in shock as the blood was absorbed into the paper, vanishing before his very eyes, along with all the large silver words. In its place the words “So it shall be” appeared.
Jonah felt sick to his stomach, the world around him seemed unnatural. His vision blurred and he started stumbling towards his bedroom. The apartment started spinning and he thought he was going to be sick. He swallowed hard. A loud ringing sounded in his ears and all around him the world went dark. 
Outside on the ledge of a window a single black crow was perched. Its eyes, dark and piercing as he let out a loud “Caw” and flew off.
*~*~*
“You useless bastard!”
Jonah opened his eyes slowly, his head felt thick, drugged. He tried to focus on his surroundings. This wasn’t his apartment. He was in a large room, laying on a crimson colored bedspread. Standing at the door was Lacy. She looked different however. Her hair was braided neatly into a side plait, the tips of her hair brushing gently against her breast. Her makeup was perfectly applied, and it was obvious that she was wearing label clothing. A scowl played over her perfectly made up features.
“What the fuck are you staring at?”
“Lacy? Wh-what are you doing here? Where are we?”
His voice felt scratchy and weak. He pushed himself into a sitting position in order for him to look around better. Something was wrong here. Picture frames stood on the bedside tables, of him and Lacy, holding hands, kissing, getting married.
“Don’t act stupid. Where the fuck have you been? Out drinking with your buddies again I suppose?”
He remembered the previous night. The letter, the wish, a single drop of blood and how he had felt sick. It had worked. He was living a new life.
“Sorry babe. Had to work late.”
He hoped he actually worked a job that allowed him to work late. With a huff, Lacy turned around and walked out of the room. 
Jonah sighed, relieved. Now all he had to do, was figure out just exactly how different his life actually was. He got up and started rummaging through drawers filled with all kinds of random papers, but nothing seemed to explain anything. He moved out of the bedroom and walked along a hallway to the next room. A study, his study. There were picture frames on the wall showing him with important people, family and friends. There was also a few achievements. 
He stood in front of a certificate that stated he was a Doctor. Not just any Doctor. He was a child psychologist and it looked like he worked exactly where he was working before. Oakwood Private School. This was going to be interesting.
*~*~*
He had driven to work in one of the newest Chevy Camaro models. It was sleek and powerful and caught the attention of everybody. For the first time in his life did Jonah feel happy to be alive? He revelled in the feeling.
“Good morning Mr. Falkirk. I trust you had a decent weekend?”
Miss Goodburg actually smiled at him. She had never smiled at him. Usually she glared at him in disgust and dis-contempt.
“That I did.”
“Good good. Before I forget, Charlie Masters has been in trouble again and should be making a turn at your office today. I swear that boy... Anyway. Have a good day.”
She walked off with her hips swinging to and fro slightly. Jonah watched till she was completely inside the building before he let out a loud “Wooooweee”.
Charlie Masters, the little bastard that had been playing those horrid pranks on him. He would keep things professional, yet he couldn’t help it when his mind began to drift off. How he wanted to destroy that kid. The only thing preventing him from doing so, was the fact that this was his new beginning, his new life. Kids like Charlie Masters shouldn’t matter to him. He was going to take full advantage of his second chance.
After nothing but a few hours into the day, Jonah felt exhausted. Who knew that listening to peoples issues was such tiresome work? Not that he would consider their “issues” actual problems. They were all nothing more than bratty, whiny children. Complaining about not getting enough allowance, how it was unfair that their rich parents hadn’t bought them the newest sports car or racing bike. All Jonah could do was pretend to listen and nod and shake his head. The often “I see” was also a requirement and every so often, “How does that make you feel?”
To Jonah it was all one big joke. He was ready for the day to be over. He was excited about getting to know his new wife. Lacy... She had been plaguing his thoughts the entire day, and he looked forward to getting to know her a little better. Of course, he had to act like nothing was different. One does not have wishes granted, only in fairy tales. He needed to play it cool.
*~*~*
Meeting up with his wife had turned into a disaster. As he was pulling up into the driveway, he noticed a large truck pulled to the side of the house. From inside he heard laughter and music playing. He rushed inside. Before his very eyes was Lacy, naked and in the arms of another man. Jonah lost it. He would be damned if some asshole was going to steal his new wife from him. He stampeded forward and grabbed the man around his neck. Jonah flung him onto the floor and climbed over him. Lacy screamed as Jonah let loose his full rage upon the man, beating his face into a bloody pulp. The man let out a gargled sound and his bloodied and swollen eyes glazed over. He never stood a chance.
“YOU FUCKING BASTARD! YOU KILLED HIM!”
Lacy was clawing at his back, but the effort was futile. Jonah had lost all sense of self control. He was on his feet in a flash, slammed her against the wall with his hands clamping around her neck.
“Yes I killed him. I fucking killed him. You whore. I gave you a new life, I was given a second chance, and this is what I get? Fuck you!”
By now his hands were clamped so tightly around her neck that the whites of his knuckles were showing, yet he didn’t stop. He clenched tighter and tighter, till the last breath was forced out of her lungs. She slumped against the wall, her body void of any life.
Jonah stood motionless for a handful of minutes, just staring at what he had done. His features not betraying his inner demons. His blood was boiling.
He turned around and headed towards the kitchen, grabbing a bottle of chilled beer from the fridge. He popped the cap and gulped it down within mere seconds. There was no chance in hell that this little incident was going to destroy his new life. He would pretend like nothing had happened. 
After a couple of beers, he made his way back to the lifeless bodies of Lacy and her lover. One by one he dragged them to the basement door. Rage filled him once more and with a final act of revenge he allowed their bodies to roll down stairs. Bones could be heard cracking and breaking as they hit the bottom. Jonah didn’t care. A sick, twisted smile played at the corners of his mouth. It was over, nothing had happened. With a last nod in their direction he stomped off. Sleep, it would be his salvation.
*~*~*
The old man stood beneath a giant oak tree, hidden in the shadows as his cigar smoke drifted around him like a cloak. He watched, knowing that it was nearly time for Jonah to face the consequences of his wish. One does not simply have a perfect life. Life is what we make of it. Good or bad, these are the only choices we have. Jonah Falkirk would soon realize this.
*~*~*
Jonah sat on the edge of his bed, his face buried in his hands. Large sobs escaped him as he finally came to terms with his actions. He had killed. He was nothing more than a murderer. Guilt ate away at him, filling his heart with more sorrow than he thought was possible.
“Oh Lacy! I’m so sorry!”
He screamed, the scream of a man in severe pain. He was unsure how he would live with what he had done. This was not what he had wanted. He just wanted a better life, but now it was even worse than it had been before. He knew he wouldn’t get lucky a second time. One wish... That is what the letter had said. Jonah felt like his life had come to a sudden and complete stop. He watched his previous life flash before his eyes. How stupid and ungrateful he had been. He had killed Lacy, a girl who had actually cared about him. He now realized that what the kids at school did, didn’t really matter. As messed up and unfair as he believed his life had been, theirs was worse. To have all the money in the world, yet not be happy. That was no way to live.
With a heavy heart Jonah reached for the bottle of sleeping pills on the nightstand. He emptied the entire contents of the bottle into his mouth. With one single swig of beer, Jonah Falkirk’s fate was sealed. He had learned a valuable lesson, but it was too late now.
The last thing Jonah heard before he went to sleep for all eternity, was the flutter of wings and a loud “Caw” from outside.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Mime
The voice in my head spoke to me again today. It was filled with rage and disgust. I could hear the loathing and hatred it felt towards me and all those around me. Those individuals stood, watching, pointing, and laughing in my direction. Once more I reached out, touching the invisible box I was trapped in. My hands feeling around, pushing against the barrier. 
“Cry and beg!”
The demanding voice in my head barked out its command at me. I had no choice but to obey. I curled my hands into fists and rubbed them over my painted eyes as I pretended to cry and plead to be let out of my box.
A few feet away a family stood. A father, mother and their young daughter. The little girl looked concerned as she watched me. I pleaded harder, contorting my face into a sad looking sulk. I pushed harder against the box. Still it refused to budge an inch. Finally I went down onto my knees, placed my hands together in a gesture of begging and mouthed the words “help me”, but not a single sound escaped my lips. The only voice, was still the voice in my head.
“Daddy! Look Daddy, he’s crying. Can we help him?”
“He’s a mime sweetie. It’s not real.”
Not real? Not real? Oh, it was real alright. This was my curse. A curse I placed upon myself. A curse handed down over the centuries. This was my birth right, and I despised it, yet I had no choice. There would always be a Mime, and in time I would pass on my curse to an unsuspecting person. 
*~*~*
David Richards wasn’t by any means a good person. He lacked morals and his manners were appalling. Nothing more than a common thief and stoner.
“Yo Steve! You got something good for me today?”
“Nah man, I’m out. Low on cash ya know.”
David shook his head in disappointment. 
“Well shit. I thought you would least have one hit for me.”
“Sorry buddy. Why don’t you use those skills of yours, you know, where you sucker some poor bloke into handing you a wad of greens?”
A loud laugh bubbled up through David. He held his hand over his stomach and breathed in deeply. Anybody willing to take a closer look would see he was as high as a kite. Most hours of his day was spent either smoking a joint with some of his misfit pals or taking possession of other people’s belongings illegally. 
He knew he was wasting his life, but honestly didn’t care. Why get a job when you could just sell off stuff that would pay more than any job could? With a job came responsibility. None of it appealed to David. He wanted freedom to do as he wished.
*~*~*
 David had received a tip off. A large mansion on the outskirts of town that had no security whatsoever. One could basically just walk in and take what you wanted. Nobody would even try to stop you. Well maybe the owner, but it wasn’t like an old man of seventy seven posed any threat. What could he do? Beat up robbers with his cane?
The thought of an old man running after him, yelling and flailing his cane above his head, sent David into a new fit of laughter. Maybe he would even taunt the old man. Pretend to stand still while the old man took a swing, then dodge it before it made contact. Yes, he had decided, that was exactly what he would do.
He wondered what treasures the mansion contained within its walls. Priceless paintings and sculptures, expensive furniture. A big screen TV, sound system and who knows what other electronics. Maybe he would check out the garage. Surely, there had to be a fancy car in there. 
David gathered his equipment, dressed as inconspicuous as possible and sat waiting for the sun to set. Breaking and entering was always better done at night. It was a bonus that the old mansion stood a distance from the road that passed by in front of it. With a little luck he would be in and out again within a few minutes.
*~*~*
Drew Newbury sat in his recliner with a glass of sherry in his wrinkled old hand. Every now and then he would lift the glass and press it against his lips, sipping slowly at the liquid inside of it. The soft flicker of a fire in the fireplace set an ominous glow in the large living room of the mansion. The smoke escaping the chimney being the only proof that someone was still living inside the old home.
Many treasures and artifacts filled the living room. Drew’s most prized possession though, was nothing more than a mere red plastic carnation that was carefully locked up in a glass case in the corner of the room. He sat watching it. Any day now he would pass it on to its new owner. This was not a blessing by any means, as the plastic flower was worth absolutely nothing, but if used correctly, could bring a person great fame and fortune. If not, it became a terrible curse.
The old man had made his fortune by being nothing more than a mere Mime. This surprised most people. How was it possible that being a Mine could generate such a vast fortune? That was the secret that belonged solely to the flower. It could either make or break you.
*~*~*
David huffed as he pushed the crowbar under the window and pried it open. He knew that the mansion wasn’t empty. He saw the smoke from the chimney and the yellow glow of a fire burning on the second floor. This however, didn’t deter him. Nothing would stop him tonight, and by morning he would be stoned out of his mind after making some quick cash off of all he had stolen. The pawnshop owner down the road from his apartment was as much a criminal as he was, and never asked where the goods had come from.
As quietly as he could, he climbed through the half open window. His small flashlight danced little beams of light around the dining room. He was careful not to bump anything, though the old man didn’t frighten him, he honestly was just not in the mood for drama. His high was wearing off and thus his mood had become sour.
Silver engraved candlesticks stood on the dining table. They shone and sparkled each time the flashlight moved over them. David grabbed one and stuffed it into the large backpack he had brought along with him. He wasn’t going to be greedy just yet without first seeing what else he could take.
A sudden stomping and loud smokers cough from an upstairs room had him diving under the table. The old man was moving around. Hopefully retiring to his bed for the rest of the night. After a short while the house fell silent again.
David crawled out from under the table and headed towards the staircase. Surely there were even more precious treasures somewhere. Slowly and silently he crept up towards the living room the old man had occupied only a few minutes earlier. He peeked around the doorway. The room was empty. The fire had died and only red embers were now glowing in the fireplace. David glanced around, looking, searching. Something had called to him. He had heard a faint whisper call his name. Admittedly, the old mansion had an eerie, creepy feeling to it. He merely chalked it up to his now almost clear state of mind. 
There it stood, in the corner of the room. A locked glass box. Inside was a bright red Carnation. Something about it made David want it more than anything else he had seen thus far. He needed this flower. It had to be his. Without caring whether he made a noise, he stepped closer, pulled out a large bolt cutter and broke open the padlock on the glass box. He reached his hand inside, his fingertips a mere few inches from the prize. A sound behind him mad him jump back, the glass box’s lid banging and shattering the glass into a million little fragments.
*~*~*
“I wouldn’t touch that if I were you son.”
Drew’s voice was cool and calm as he stood watching the young man. 
“Oh? And why not? What you gonna do old fart?”
The old man shook his head and grinned a wicked smile that sent shivers down David’s spine. It was on, he wasn’t afraid of an old man and knew he could get away with murder if needed.
“What ya smiling at huh? You some sorta retarded old fart? I’d like to see ya stop me.”
David turned around, sweeping some of the shattered glass away carefully and took the Carnation in his hand.
“I did warn you son.”
A deafening scream emitted from within David. He dropped the flower and stumbled around with his face in his hands. His eyes were bleeding. Or so he thought. In the window he saw his own reflection. Black liquid was pouring out of his eyes, his face had turned white and it looked like his mouth was bleeding, leaving his lips a crimson red.
David doubled over in pain, the room began to spin. Faster and faster. Somewhere from deep within himself he heard a voice...
“I warned you. What could have been a blessing, shall now become your curse. A Mime is there to entertain, there to make people laugh, there to be enjoyed. It is supposed to be an act, but you will be trapped in an invisible barrier with no voice. To the world, you are a Mime, pretending. Only you will know the truth. This is your curse, till it is time to pass it on.”
The world around him faded and went black. Drew stood watching, nodding and smiling. His blessing had been passed on. Sadly, it had not been as he had wanted, but this was how it worked.
*~*~*
I am growing old now. I have not been able to utter a word in thirty years. All the while the voice has been with me along with the red Carnation. Taunting and teasing. Reminding me of how foolish I had been in my youth.
Soon, I pray soon, I will be able to pass this curse on, just as the old man had. I hope that it will be different with the next person. This is not something I would wish for even my worst of enemies.
Once more I press my bare palms on the invisible barrier, pushing with all my might, but I am now old and frail. Maybe before I die, I will be able to utter at least a single “Hello”. For now though, the voice is taunting me again.
“What is taken out of greed, shall be your curse. What is given freely, shall hold fame and fortune for as long as you live. How foolish you were.”
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Daeva
Who are we? What is our purpose? This is the universal question which has plagued mankind for as long as we could remember. Most of the time it really isn’t such a big deal... Most of the time. What happens though when we aren’t who we’re supposed to be and we go in search of the ultimate answer? Sometimes the truth we are looking for is far worse than the lie we’ve been living.
*~*~*
All my life I have been different. I looked different, acted different and even thought different. Now don’t get me wrong, being so different isn’t always a bad thing. There are plenty of people throughout history who were different. It’s those differences that made them famous. Sadly, my story is quite the opposite.
It is the differences we all have that make us who we are? What happens when it is also your downfall?
My name is Deon Wilson, and this is my story.
*~*~*
“Nancy I need a favor.”
Nancy barely looked up at me as I approached her. As always, she looked dazzling with her strawberry blonde hair and large emerald eyes. Her skin was flawless.
“Hello in there...”
The sound of her voice brought me back to reality.
“What do you need this time Deon? Another sick note for gym? Honestly, I think you should at least attempt some of the stuff.”
“Yeah well, what can I say? My idea of fun just does not include running around a field for an hour long.”
She gave me one of her “Whatever” looks and reached into her backpack for her notebook and pen. Nancy started scribbling a sick note out in her near perfect handwriting before I had even asked her for the actual favor.
“No no, this isn’t what I actually need, but hey, I can always keep it in case of emergency.”
I could see she looked highly annoyed with me, but I also knew she would do absolutely anything for me. We had been best friends since Kindergarten. Of course, by the time we had reached the age of sixteen, I had realized that I was in love with her. Not that I would ever tell her. Her friendship was much too valuable to me. Once more her voice invaded my wandering mind.
“So? You gonna tell me what you want?”
I gulped loudly and took a deep breath. By now Nancy had noticed that something was bothering me, I could see the concern in her beautiful eyes.
“I uhm... Well you see...”
She stepped closer and placed her slender arm around my shoulder, pulling me into a big embrace. How she somehow always knew what was on my mind still baffles me to this day.
“They still coming tonight?”
I merely nodded. “They” being my biological parents. You see, I was adopted at the age of two. Though my adoptive parents were wonderful people, I needed to know who I really was and where I came from. I had so many questions. I needed to know why I was so different, and only “They” held the answers. I had never really explained to my parents why I needed to find my biological parents, but yet they had been supportive and understanding. They knew I loved them, and my choice didn’t reflect on anything they had done wrong. 
“It’ll be okay. You’ll see.”
Her voice was like sweet nectar to my troubled mind. Immediately, I started calming down.
“What I wanted to ask you, was whether you would mind coming over tonight. I... I could do with the moral support. Yeah I know mum and dad will be there, but I still haven’t told em bout some of the uhm... Things.”
Nancy chewed on her sweaters cord for a few seconds before nodding. I knew she was still a little freaked out by some of the things I had told and shown her.
“Sure, I’ll be there.”
*~*~*
Clean clothes littered my bedroom floor, barely an inch was clear of discarded and unsuitable clothing. I had been up in my room for nearly two hours, trying to decide what to wear. Nothing seemed appropriate and I was growing more and more annoyed. I decided to focus on my hair. 
Now don’t get me wrong, I wasn’t one of those shallow jocks from school who couldn’t resist mirrors. The ones who always carried a small comb with them and fixed their hair every time they saw their own reflection. No, that wasn’t me. Unlike their vanity, I had genuine issues. Beneath my thick black hair, were tiny little pointy nobs. Just two of them. It was clearly obvious what it was. Horns. 
This is one of the things I had shown Nancy. She was so upset and freaked out by it, that she had avoided me for nearly a month. Nancy being Nancy though, soon came back. That is when I decided to track down my biological parents. Nancy helped as much as she could, doing research and calling around.
Downstairs I could hear the voice of my mum calling me to hurry up. “They” would be here any moment now.
The second thing I had shown Nancy, was a little more embarrassing. Connected to the base of my spine, was a tail. It had a pointed end and was covered in dark bristly hairs. This I hid under my clothing, thus the reason every item I owned was now strewn all over the floor. 
As quick as I could, I wrapped my tail around my leg and pulled on a pair of old faded denims and a T-shirt with the words “Repent” printed on it. An inside joke between my dad and I.
With a final look in the mirror, I headed out my bedroom and downstairs. Just as I reached the bottom, the shrill dong of the doorbell echoes through the house.
“Dammit Nancy, where are you?”
As always, she was running late. 
I looked back at my mum and dad. Mum gave me an encouraging smile as I placed my trembling hand on the doorknob. Slowly, very slowly, I turned the knob and opened the front door.
“Hello Deon. We’ve been looking forward to this meeting.”
*~*~*
Something about them seemed... Wrong. I couldn’t place my finger on it. They were very polite yes, but I could sense something, something evil.
“Well, invite them in.”
My dad’s voice behind me startled me. I let them in, everybody exchanged pleasantries and we moved to the living room while my mum went into the kitchen to prepare some tea and biscuits.
They had introduced themselves as Julius and Eve. The resemblance between me and them was hard not to see. I had his black hair and her almost yellow eyes.
With the niceties done and small talk dwindling, my parents got up and excused themselves, wanting to give me time to talk to these strangers.
I had so many questions to ask, but had no idea where to start. So I decided to just jump right in, head first.
“Why did you give me up?” I asked in a somewhat shaky voice. As hard as I tried, I could not keep the resentment out of my voice.
Eve looked me right in the eye and without so much as flinching, she said in a voice that had my insides twisting with terror.
“Because we knew this day would come. We needed to prepare you for the journey ahead. It was believed that a life like this, is what would shape you into your future self.”
I had no idea what she was talking about. To me it all sounded like bullshit.
“My future self?”
“Yes. By now you must have realized that you are not like everybody else. Surely you have noticed the tail you now have wrapped around your leg, and the nubs of horns on your head. Surely, some of your abilities have started to surface. Have they not?”
Abilities. That’s what they chose to name it? I was in shock by the sheer fact that they even knew about all that had been happening to me.
When I merely looked at them, horror and shock clearly visible on my face, Julius continued.
“You did not track us down Deon. We have been watching you. Waiting for you to reach your full potential. You have succeeded, and now it is time for you to take your rightful place.”
Before I could even utter a reply, Julius stood up and left the room. Only to return with my parents. They looked like they were in a daze, hypnotized.
“Sit!” He barked at them.
Immediately they obeyed, without question. 
“Let us explain.”
“Your name is not Deon, it is Daeva. You are the Dark Lord, the Demon of chaos and destruction. Years ago you had decided that in order to gain more power, you needed to reach a better understanding of mankind. As such, you gave up your immortality and took the form of a human. You lived a boy’s life, experienced all he did, but your cursed soul was bound to return. Hence the reason you have started transforming back into you original form, your powers have slowly been returning to you.”
All the while I sat there, shaking my head in disbelief. My parents had not said a word or moved an inch. This had to be some sort of sick joke. A sudden knock on the front door had be jump. 
“Aaah, just the person we have been waiting for.”
Eve got up and left for the front door. I heard muffled voices. There, in the doorway, stood Nancy.
She had a frightening look on her face. I shivered at the sight of her. She had a wicked grin and an evil gleam in her beautiful eyes. This was not the girl I had known for so many years.
“Nancy here has been keeping an eye on you. Making sure that everything went as planned.”
“This can’t be true! Nancy please, tell me this is a joke gone terribly wrong!” my voice was thick with emotion. Hurt and anger coursed through my veins. 
It started with a faint rumble, a small crack appeared on the far side of the living room wall. It crept up towards the ceiling, splitting the entire room in half. I balled my hands into fists. I could feel an unknown force take hold of me.
Deep within myself I heard a voice, aching to be heard. I remembered who I was.
“Daeva!” my voice echoed throughout the house.
I knew what I had to do to regain my full power. I stepped towards Nancy, who held, in her palm an ancient bone carved dagger. She placed it in my hand and stood back.
“I’m sorry mum and dad, but this is who I really am.”
I released them from their trance and watched as they became fully aware of what was happening around them. I stepped behind my mother and brought the dagger up against her throat. With a single swipe that took less than a split second, I had spilled the blood of an innocent. I stood and looked on as her wound gushed out fresh crimson blood. I watched as it pooled into a puddle beneath her feet, staining the cream carpet. Her body went limp and she fell hard.
My father was sobbing, begging for his life. 
The power within me started to grow. I was changing. My horns had grown to their full size, my tail had broken free from the restraints that had wrapped it around my leg. I now stood at seven foot eight. The Lord of chaos had returned.
All around us the walls had started crumbling, outside thunder and lightning was wreaking havoc. 
I gripped my father around the throat and squeezed hard, forcing the air out of his lungs. As soon as the light in his eyes faded and it glazed over, I tossed him aside like a ragdoll.
Beside me stood beautiful Nancy, she looked up at me and smiled the sweetest smile I had ever seen. How I loved this girl.
“Shall we go have fun? The world is after all our oyster.”
We left the now nearly demolished house. Eve and Julius, my faithful servants in tow. Together we would release more havoc and chaos on this world than it even knew was possible.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
Unseen
The world around us contains more than just the visible things, it also contains the Unseen. 
Entities, ghosts, monsters, demons. Whatever you wish to call them. They exist in a plain invisible to the naked eye, but they are there. Taunting, teasing, watching and waiting, for the individual who can witness their actions, see the unspeakable horrors they commit each and every day.
What would you do if you could see? 
*~*~*
Sarah Marks sat in the small cubicle in the diner. She had ordered her usual, an egg over easy, a slice of lightly toasted bread with a side order of crispy bacon. Today however, she merely sat playing with her food, using the fork to break open the yellow of the egg and swirling it around her plate, she watched as the bread soaked it up. Her appetite was non-existent. Food tasted bland, like chewing on a dry piece of cardboard.
“Can I get you something more to drink dearie?”
The old waitress gave the girl a friendly smile, but Sarah barely looked up as she shook her head in reply.
“Well just shout if you need anything then.”
Sarah dared to lift her gaze from her plate to the kind waitress, but soon realized that it had been a terrible mistake. Behind the woman stood a shadowy form of a man. Black liquid was flowing from his eyes, his mouth was forming a ghastly scream, his limbs seemed to be broken and miss formed. He disappeared as quickly as he had appeared.
Sarah gulped hard. Her mouth, now void of saliva, felt like a desert. She took a few sips of her milkshake, took out a small wad of cash, which she placed on the table and left the diner, making sure she kept her eyes on the ground.
*~*~*
Over the last few months, the visions had worsen. More and more horrific scenes now played out before her. She had witnessed a man torturing his wife, a small boy that had been run over by a truck and creatures that ripped and snarled at each other before tearing the other limb from limb. Blood and gore had become a part of her daily routine.
She trudged on towards her small apartment that she shared with her best friend Marissa. Though the visions still plagued her there, it wasn’t as bad as the outside world.
“How was breakfast? You do realize we have food in the house. I fail to see the appeal of that grungy lil diner.” Marissa scoffed the moment Sarah entered through the door.
“Yeah I know, but I like the atmosphere there. The people there are super friendly.”
“Well duh, it’s only because you’re like one of their only customers.”
Marissa was lazing on the large sofa, watching some reality show about make-overs and painting her toenails a bright shade of orange.
Sarah shrugged and was about to comment on the choice of nail polish, when a large dog-like creature came walking right through the wall. Her eyes widened at the sight of it. 
It walked right to where her friend was sitting, its glowing red eyes fixed on Marissa.
It licked its lips as saliva dripped from its fangs. Then with a mighty roar it pounced, right out the window.
“Helloooo! Can you hear me?” Marissa was looking at her with an annoyed look on her face.
“Jeeze girl, get a grip. You didn’t hear a single word I said.”
Sarah took a deep breath before flopping down onto the sofa next to her friend.
“Sorry, thought I saw something. What were you saying?”
“I was asking whether you wanna come with me and Richie to the movies tonight. You haven’t been out in ages, it might do you some good.”
“Nah I’m good. You and Richie have fun though.”
“Suite yourself.” 
She had finished painting her toenails and got up to go get ready for her date. Sarah envied her. How she wished she could lead a normal life too. She knew better. For as long as she had these terrible visions, her life would never truly ever resemble normal.
*~*~*
Sarah stood peering out her bedroom window. The apartment was deathly silent after Marissa had left. She watched the people down below carrying on with their daily routines. From up so high, they all looked like tiny ants scurrying around. Every now and then, one of her visions would catch her attention. She watched as a pack of wind dogs attacked a young girl. She even heard her painful screams as the dogs ripped into her flesh, tearing off large chunks of it. Blood poured out of the wounds and gathered in a pool on the pavement. Sarah felt like screaming herself. How could someone live with seeing all of these gruesome images of death, blood and gore, terrifying creatures that would give even a hardened criminal nightmares, and not go insane? 
She was reaching her limits. Something had to be done to stop it. She didn’t want to live another day seeing all she did.
Without even thinking about what she was about to do, she grabbed a pen that was lying on her dresser. It all happened so suddenly. One moment she was holding the pen in her trembling hand, the next moment she was screaming, writhing on the floor as fresh blood squirted from both her eye sockets. The pain was excruciating. She cried out for help, but there was no one. She was all alone in her darkened world.
Vast empty blackness was her new home. She crawled on the floor, feeling around for something, anything, she could use to wrap around her head. She needed to stop the bleeding. A thought crossed her mind, which made her smile through all the pain she was feeling. No more visions.
How wrong she was.
*~*~*
With the help of the dresser chair she managed to get to her feet. She listened for any sign of life within the apartment. Silence and darkness. She had found an old shirt, which she used to wrap around her bleeding eyes. The pain was lessening. She felt around till her foot made contact with the wall. In front of her was the open window at which she had been standing, observing the world below. 
A sudden movement in front of her made her jump. Not only had she heard it, but she had seen it. There, on the pavement down below, looking straight at her, was yet another creature. Its eyes pierced right into her soul and made her shiver. 
How was this possible? She had blinded herself. Now she was seeing them even more. Hundreds of them filled her vision. They were everywhere.
Sarah let out a frustrated cry and scrambled around. What had she done? The thought of being able to see only the horrors that surrounded her was too much to bare. She placed her hands on the window. She leaned out of the window as far as she possibly could and let go.
Sarah Marks fell hard, she fell fast. People and Unseen gathered around the mangled body of the young girl. The shirt she had wrapped around her head had blown off, and two black hollow eye sockets were visible. 
Off in the distance another young girl let out a terrifying frightened scream as she watched how Sarah died, over and over again.
The Unseen will always be seen.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*
About the Authors
Cody Toye
The love of a child's laughter inspired me to write children's books. With every passing day more and more wonderful visions of worlds yet to be created fill my head. After some time I decided to try my hand at adult fiction and short story writing. Though it is unique in its own way, short stories and horror could not fill the void and my word-crafting obsession is still children's books.
*~*~*
Adelise M. Cullens
Hi!  I'm Adelise M Cullens ...
On my Twitter mini bio it says "I'm a hugger. Oh ... and I write things." This basically sums me up pretty nicely. I love to write, so I do. Writing, to me, is about sharing and connecting with people. I like to metaphorically reach out and hug people with my words! And as long as I am doing that, I am a happy clam.
I hail from Australia, the land down under. More specifically, I am from the western burbs of Sydney. It is a truly magical place, where you can hear the call of sirens through the night and the sunsets are a bright watermelon from all the toxic pollution ... but nah, seriously, I love it here. 
But, about my writing, I don't tend towards any particular genre. So, if you stick with me, hopefully you will be in for some surprises along the way. To quote the great Sylvia Plath - "And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it and the imagination to improvise."
Hugs
AMC xxx
*~*~*
The Saber
Writer, artist, sculptor, musician. The Saber is a lover of Life, taking great joy in the little as well as the big things that make our journey in this world a wonderful and unique experience.  Living in a small town in south-central Florida, Saber journeys each day with his family through this adventure known as Life, knowing it isn’t how much you get out of the life you live, but in how much living you get out of Life.
*~*~*
Chandre Toye
Truth is, I am just me. I happen to love life as much as I love reading and dabbling in writing. I believe writing should be done from the heart. It’s so much better to read a story that you can feel the emotions, then reading a story that has none.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
*~*~*



































