

The Nectar of Eternal Life

Michael Coles

Copyright © 2016 Michael Coles
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

Table of Contents
Chapter 1: A Predator Emerges
Chapter 2: Vampire Murders
Chapter 3: The Great Edict
Chapter 4: Blood Auction
Chapter 5: The Happy Home
Chapter 6: Transformation
Chapter 7: First Kill
Chapter 8: Couple Kill
Chapter 9: Look out Empire
Chapter 10: A Predator Emerges
Chapter 11: A Different Kind of Murderer
Chapter 12: The Dragnet
Chapter 13: The Journey Home
Chapter 14: Beating a Dead Vampire
Chapter 15: Everybody’s Heading For Plesston
Chapter 16: The Demonstration
Chapter 17: Margaret and Christopher Break Silence?
Chapter 18: What, another Vampire killer?
Chapter 19: Elsie’s Offer
Chapter 20: Race to the Top
Chapter 21: The Final Feed
Chapter 22: The New World
Chapter 23: A Legend is Created

Chapter 1
A Predator Emerges
With a splash, a tall silhouetted figure stepped off the bus. Dressed in tailored black, his wide angular frame tapered all the way down to polished shoes that gleamed in the street lighting. Rivulets of water streamed here and there across the side walk as sprinklers hissed nearby. The young man struck an impressive figure even with shopping bags full of groceries in each hand. He paused momentarily as he got his bearings, and then strode off in a long, poised gait. The echoing click of his heels relaxed Drake as he walked past high-rise apartment buildings lining the street. Looking up, the lights of the towering structures gracefully curved outwards as they became additionally, support pillars for the next level of this massive dome. Drake was desperate to feed and he wanted to make an impression with his first murder. He laughed at the absurdity; killing a human was acceptable, but killing a Vampire was an offence punishable by death. Drake felt a pounding excitement in his chest as he counted down addresses. Lurking uncomfortably in the shadows, Drake became more aware of the grinding desire to feed. He recognized the feeling and like any Vampire, didn’t like it. But the pleasurable relief of feeding was worth waiting for, worth building up your desire to a fever pitch, just for those few rapturous moments, and the contentment that came after a feed. It was nice not to have the rack of guilt pulling him to pieces as it had before feeding from a human. Drake shook off the thought, but not before it had touched a festering wound.
Finally an opportunity presented itself when a taxi pulled up in front of his target address. Grabbing his bags, Drake walked purposefully to the front door. He patted his pockets and awkwardly shifted his bags from hand to hand. An attractive young Caucasian woman emerged from the car, red dress flowing as she walked briskly. She was a symphony of movement, perfectly orchestrated by graceful arms, all the way to her crimson fingertips. Glossy, flowing hair showered the air with a beautiful fragrance and danced on her delicate bare shoulders. Her graceful neck is where Drake’s mind loitered.
The woman shook her head and let the rush of air brush her dark hair back. She felt fine in her new dress, and she looked forward to blowing off the steam of a long work week. She immediately noticed a man fumbling about at the entrance. But he looked respectable…like a poor guy who had left his keys somewhere. Polished with style, he cut a pretty fine figure. One last glance and she caught his eye. That terrible yet wonderful jolt of attraction shot through her and she tried desperately to portray an aloof expression.
“Hi.” Drake said.
“Hi!”
“Wow, don’t you look nice…big night on the town?” Drake said in a deep, lively tone. A beautifully fragranced draft carried on and he felt his knees weaken.
Her cheeks flushed. “Thank you. It’s been a long week-time to relax. Just going out for dinner with a few friends,” she responded pleasantly while pressing one of the intercom buttons.
Drake quickly looked her over…so lovely. The elegant arch of her neck was where his gaze lingered and his tortured mind focused. He wanted her so badly that his entire being was screaming at him to feed. He imagined his teeth piercing the soft, warm flesh and feeling the lifeblood rush through his body. He quickly checked out his peripheral. No, way too risky. Don’t blow it. Be patient, he reminded himself.
“Hello?” a woman’s voice resonated from the intercom.
“Hi-it’s Melissa.”
“Okay, come on up.”
“Do you mind?” Drake said in an apologetic tone. “I seem to have misplaced my key…I’ve been such a scatter brain lately.”
“You do live here, right?”
“I’m in 206-Huxberry is my name.” Drake gestured to the directory with a gaze.
The door buzzer interrupted her glance towards it. The woman briefly hesitated, but it was obvious this guy wasn’t a crook. She pushed the door opener and led the way in.
“I just live on the 2nd floor. Sometimes it’s quicker to walk than waiting for the lift,” Drake said with a smile. “Thanks again, that was nice of you. Have a nice evening.”
“No problem.”
They turned and went their separate ways. The woman shook her head and crinkled her pristine face. Damn…he was so gorgeous. Huxberry? She smiled at the funny name that didn’t suit him.
Drake climbed the stairs and found the apartment number he was looking for. He hoped she was attractive, but it really didn’t matter. He knocked gently, not expecting a response. A quick side-to-side check and he gained entrance with the hacked security code. He walked into the apartment and placed his groceries out of sight. The place was nice, small, neat, a little kitchen off to the side with a few dishes in the sink. The furnishings modest, but the occupant obviously had a flair for decorating. Drake looked at the photos meticulously placed around the room. He lingered on a picture of her hamming it up at a social function; her blond hair off her shoulder, revealing the gentle arc of her neck. They all portrayed a young, fun loving girl and Drake felt a sudden pang of guilt. She’s a Vampire, he reminded himself. She has killed hundreds of human men. Drake calmed his mind. She’s a killer…and so am I.
The clock on the wall chimed softly its 9 o’clock announcement. Drake knew Liz Bower’s work schedule, he had an in. She was just getting off work. Drake hoped she would come straight home.
***
Elizabeth Bower looked at the clock countdown to 9. Why does it seem to slow down the more I watch it, she thought.
It had been a long week of overtime and the moods had definitely improved over the last few hours. “Hey Liz, just wanted to say thanks for staying late all day this week. Are you coming for a drink after work? We can all complain about the “Great Edict”, as they call it. All I want to know is how can there be so much extra work caused by something being cancelled?”
Liz laughed while tidying up her work area for the evening. “Thanks for the invitation, Tasha, but me and my hot tub and a glass of wine have a date tonight.”
“Just come for one.”
“No, you know one leads to another, then it’s hard to leave. I just want to go home and relax.”
“Yeah, well, I’ll relax when I find a nice man to spend the rest of my life with.”
“Eternity? I think the longest marriage has only lasted around 250 years.”
“Well, as long as I can put up with him then.”
Liz laughed.
The rapid clack of heeled shoes diverted their attention.
“Elsie!” Tasha blurted.
“Sorry excuse me, Liz. Have a great weekend. And if you change your mind you know where we’ll be.”
“Yeah, I know. Have a great weekend.”
“Elsie, wait up.” Tasha scurried to catch up. “Are you mad at me or something? You haven’t returned my calls.”
“Sorry Tash, I had to take some time off work to sort some things out, and actually; something has brought me over here. I need to talk to you.”
“Oh, oh-I don’t like the sound of this. Let’s go into my office. I don’t like the sound of this at all,” Tasha muttered as they walked.
They sat down on opposing sides of the desk.
Elsie quickly analyzed the office. “Still little Miss Organized, I see.”
“Yeah, it’s one of my faults, and the reason I can’t seem to keep a man for more than a few years at a time. They’re all just untrainable slobs. How’s Drake?”
Elsie’s expression changed. “Not good. He’s gone.”
“What do you mean gone?”
Elsie winced as she spoke. “He ran away with Megan.”
“Are you kidding me? We’re in such shit if the police find him! How long has he been missing?”
“Since Tuesday.”
“Tuesday? And you wait this long to tell me! I don’t know how I could have ever let you talk me into this. And then to bring Megan into your home was crazy! How the hell did this happen?”
“Drake’s clever, and Christopher is an idiot. Drake’s got a line of credit, so as long as I don’t cancel it, he can pretty much just blend in.”
“Are you going to cancel it?”
“Not yet. I’m scared that if he has no resources, he will only have one choice to feed.”
Tasha’s face went blank. “Oh my bloodless bones-do you think he would?”
“Why not. He hates us with a vengeance. Even with the means to buy humans; he may still choose to feed from Vampires.” Elsie threw her head back. “Shit! I’m in so much trouble.”
“Hello! I’m just as responsible for this as you are, although I promise you I’ll tell the cops the contrary.”
A light tap at the door interrupted the conversation.
“Crap! Come in… Liz, what’s up?”
“Sorry to interrupt. I told Linda that I wasn’t coming in on Monday but I thought I’d better tell you, too. My dad’s having another century party, that’s 5 now, can you believe it?”
“Okay, thanks for letting me know, see you next Tuesday,” Tasha said, offhandedly.
“Goodnight.”
Elisabeth Bower closed the door of Tasha’s office and strode down the hallway. She had a little bit of spring in her step as she thought about a relaxing fun weekend…and three days of not having to come back to this place. Stepping out of the front door of her office building, Liz’s blond hair blew across her face. Traffic was still busy on the greenways, and the wind from it funneled down the long corridors of glass and steel. It had been another long day and the lights had already dimmed for the evening. Liz waited patiently for the bus to come and managed to get a window seat as she zoned out for the ride home. Her thoughts wandered to the satisfying feed she had enjoyed yesterday after work. Wow, he was so beautiful. A little bit of a splurge seeing as she was putting in so much overtime. Whenever she went beyond her budget on blood stock, Liz was afraid she wouldn’t be able to go back, but her frugal nature never failed her. It was a pleasant, stimulating memory and Liz felt her gums swell around her fangs. The memory occupied her mind on and off for the rest of the ride home. The sidewalks were wet after a watering of the green-ways. She listened to the sound of her heels echoing off the buildings as she neared her apartment building. A cab waited out front. Two young women climbed in-one in a pretty red dress.
***
Drake paced about the room, his face reflecting the torture radiating from within. He knew from the woman’s buying pattern that she had just fed within the last twenty-four hours. Good-the more recent the feed, the more nourishing the blood. Drake heard the sound of the trash truck picking up outside. The frozen corpses made a sickening thumping noise as they were transferred from the refrigerated refuse bin to the hulking garbage truck.
The sound of heeled shoes coming down the hallway made Drake’s heart quicken. The lock turned, his muscles tightened. From the shadows of the kitchen he could see her long blond hair fall forward when she bent over to take off her shoes. Brushing it aside she walked towards the bedroom. A petite athletic posture was revealed once in stocking feet and Drake stealthily followed. While admiring her from the doorway Drake felt a great wave of relief wash through his body. He walked towards her just as she turned around. Her scream was muffled quickly but she struggled with all of her strength. In the midst of a frenzied fight for her life, she caught a glimpse of Drake’s face. His expression was not one of anger and lust, but of calm. Only the occasional twitch of a random facial muscle gave away the effort it took to subdue his prey. His expression was so serene that her effort involuntarily waned. His brown eyes, so warm and comforting that she relaxed a little more. Lips so delicate on a face of such strength. A sensation of tranquility took over her body and she was completely vulnerable.
Drake loosened his grip and looked deeply into his victim’s eyes. They were lovely, deep blue with flecks of purple. He brushed the hair from her face and fully exposed the neck and collarbone area. It was exquisite. The soft light accentuated the gentle curves. It was a soul stirring sight. The gentle pulse within was more than he could take. He plunged in, piercing the soft flesh with his fangs. Oh my life, what a feeling to feed again.
Elizabeth Bower moaned softly as the final stage of peacefulness took her away from the world she had known for 275 years-22 as a human and 253 as a Vampire.

Chapter 2
Vampire Murders
“You do realize of course that if what we suspect is true, we may charge you as an accessory after the fact, and, for withholding information pertinent to a murder investigation,” the stern faced detective said.
The man he spoke to sat slumped over in a plain, wooden chair. One light in the room glared directly over top a pockmarked wooden table. Detective Genn stood comfortably in the shadows on one leg as he leaned against the wall of the small room. His jet-black hair was combed back, and never touched, once meticulously put, ‘just right.’ He looked down at a clip board, running his finger along the page. “It’s been 6 weeks since the Elizabeth Bower murder. And since then, 37 more murders, by the same killer. A killer with no DNA records. The worst serial killer in Empire history, and the only killer, ever, that we have absolutely no idea who he is. Thirty eight beautiful, innocent women, with a millennia of experiences to look forward to, drained of their life blood in the prime of their lives. How many more will this wack-job butcher before we catch him. Come now Mr. Fleck, surely you don’t want any more murders on your conscience.”
Phineas Fleck’s head snapped up, anger in his eyes. “I’ve told you before, I have nothing to do with this and I have no knowledge of who is committing these murders!”
The female detective stepped in and Detective Genn backed off. “I’m sorry Mr. Fleck; my partner gets a little forceful at times. What we really brought you in for was just some background information on your daughter, and maybe a little about Mr. Ulah. We know that Ms. Fleck nurtured him and was grooming him for entry into the Empire. We also know that the Great Edict brought her plans for him to a halt and she ended up buying him as blood stock. And, she let him linger-she took him out on the town and enjoyed his company socially. Never a good idea. We have had it driven into our heads since conversion…‘never develop a fondness to a human,’ but we know it happens all the time.”
Leaning on the table and in a soft, sympathetic voice, Lang continued, “Mr. Fleck, we need to know everything from the very beginning of this unfortunate situation. But please remember, you are not the one inflicting the misery. It’s a sick twisted individual, and you were naively drawn into it because of your love for your daughter.” She brushed a lock of shiny auburn hair from her face to better portray a warm reassuring presence. “We are just trying to gain some back ground information that may save dozens of lives. We know from records that you have been a model citizen for over 732 years, almost 733. You are very active in politics and hold down a very prestigious job. It’s obvious to us that you care about the state of the Empire, and right now it’s in a bit of a panic. Young women are terrified to go out or to be alone, even in their own homes. One little piece of information may help us to corner this murderer.”
Fleck lowered his head and let out a sigh. “Yes, yes, that’s fine. I would like to help, as best as I can. Where do you want me to start?”
Lang picked a piece of lint from the sleeve of her navy, suit jacket and let it drift to the floor. “Hmm…the murders began right around the time that the Great Edict was passed; so let’s start just before its passing. Just feel comfortable and speak freely,” Lang said and took a chair.
Fleck sat up and looked at Detective Lang. “Everything was great back then, my job with planetary search was in full swing. We were making final preparations for another probe to a very promising planet. My daughter worked for the Office of Life Force Supply, where she served as a liaison between the Regeneration Department and the Conversion Department. Elsie was a bright Vampire woman, full of ambition and promise. That’s why she was chosen for conversion 300 years ago; one of the proudest moments of my life. I applied for the honor of being a DNA donor over three hundred years ago and Elsie became my daughter. She studied hard after becoming a Vampire and finished top of her class. Eventually, she was put in charge of finding suitable candidates for conversion into Vampire society.”
“And one of her pupils was Mr. Ulah, is that correct?” Detective Genn asked.
“Yes, that’s correct, one of her most promising pupils, he really was brilliant. His potential to enchant was off the charts.”
“We are all painfully aware of Mr. Ulah’s prowess with his victims, Mr. Fleck,”
Detective Genn said.
“You’re implying that Drake was converted, when you know from the facts that he wasn’t…and Elsie fed from him, months after she purchased him for blood stock. I already told you that! So you’re barking up the wrong tree!”
Lang looked over at her partner sternly before beginning damage control.
Genn shook his head.
“Mr. Fleck, we appreciate your cooperation, and you’re right, we have no suspects to this point, we’re just gathering information right now so please, do continue.”
Fleck glared at Genn before continuing. “That’s why Elsie took a shine to him; he was…dynamic, magnetic. I spent a lot of time with her down on the farm during that time. I was a little concerned about Elsie’s affection towards Drake. I didn’t want to see her get hurt. It breaks my heart to see her sad.”
“It almost sounds like you were fond of Ulah,” Detective Genn said in a reproachful tone.
“Well, I suppose I was. Even if one harbored jealousy towards Drake, he was impressive.”
“And were you jealous of him?” Detective Lang asked.
“I suppose all men were jealous of him to some degree…all wished they were more like him. But he’s dead. Elsie has told you that! She bled him dry, months ago.”
“Yes, she told us.” Lang uncrossed her leg and smoothed out her slacks, leaning forward, elbows on knees. “Mr. Fleck, I know it would please you to recognize that possibly some of the information you provide, no matter how small, may help us to save other vulnerable Vampire women from the evil of this man. Please tell us more about your lovely daughter.”
Fleck shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “Well-Elsie played a prominent role in breeding and conversion of promising humans into the Empire. She provided pertinent information that helped finalize the decisions and then she prepared the candidates. No easy chore considering the shocking information she would disclose. She had noticed Drake at a very young age and marked him down as a candidate for conversion. As the years went on, Drake continued to impress, and Elsie formed an emotional bond towards him, which grew stronger as he matured and, for Elsie, flourished into love. Unfortunately, he didn’t feel the same way towards her. Drake appreciated all that Elsie did for him, but he was in love with someone-else and Elsie grew jealous. Elsie is a strong confident Vampire woman in so many ways, but when it came to her love for Drake, she was-vulnerable. She could see that his devotion was to someone else, but Elsie hoped once conversion was completed, Drake would see her in a different light. And she knew in her heart that if he could accept the nature of things he was guaranteed to be converted into a Vampire. But as you know, there are always friendships and bonds that have been formed between humans, and sometimes it’s difficult for those chosen for conversion to break ties with those who are categorized as fodder. And to add to the confusion, and contributing to the ultimate tragedy of the situation was, The Great Edict. The timing of the passing of this ruling couldn’t have been worse.”
“Tell us a little about the relationship between Mr. Ulah and your daughter before he was brought up into the dome for conversion.”
“Well, Drake was a farmer, but all of his intelligence factors were off the charts. He was assured to be offered a spot in the Empire. He had a girlfriend named Megan Durham that Drake was very fond of. Elsie was worried about Drake’s reaction when she would have to tell him that he and Megan would have to be separated.”
“Do you think that Ms.Fleck would have held Megan back purposely, even if Megan was a suitable candidate for conversion?” Lang asked.
“She was very fond of Drake and, very jealous of Megan. Megan and Drake had a very light a beautiful banter about them, and their affection to each other was obvious. They would spend all of their free time together. It really is a beautiful place down there, and they enjoyed their freedom.”
***
“C’mon Megan. Hurry up.”
“No. It’s too high! I don’t want to fall into the creek,” a pretty young woman in a delicate print dress said.
“We’re late and I don’t want to piss off Grimshaw. It’s safe; I cross it all the time.”
“I know how to handle Grimshaw.”
“Yeah, you just flash your big, baby-blues and the nasty little piece of work is putty in your hands. But it’s not the same with me. He hates me, and will do anything to make my life miserable. If it wasn’t for Farmer Pless, I’d probably be dead. Now, come on.”
“You mean Ms. Fleck. She wouldn’t let Grimshaw harm a hair on your cute little head,” she nagged-then crossed her arms, smiling mischievously.
Drake shook his head, annoyed at her antics. His long, agile body quickly crossed the smooth log that traversed the shallow gully.
“See, look at it wiggle!”
“It’s safe I tell you!” Drake swooped her up in his arms like she was just another bale of hay.
Megan didn’t put up much of a struggle. Her long blonde hair fell over the surprised but delighted expression on her face. She looked fondly at the stern face above her and felt completely secure.
Drake easily hefted his precious load over the brook and gently placed Megan onto the grassy bank.
Megan felt the cool lushness of the grass between her toes as she raised herself up.
She brushed a lock of Drake’s black hair off of his forehead and looked deep into his eyes. She found his gaze to be hypnotizing.
He smiled and broke the spell. “Come on. We’re never going to make it in time.”
They talked as they briskly walked. “Did you ever notice that the counselors and supervisors never seem to eat? Our jobs are to tend the fields and harvest the crops, but the workers are the only ones I’ve ever seen eat the food,” Drake said.
“Maybe they eat privately.”
“And they are all about our age. Have you ever seen an old counselor, or one of their children? And what about our parents? Someone must have given birth to us. None of us remember even having parents, other than the caregivers assigned to us.” Drake pondered.
“Yes, I understand what you’re saying, but who cares, we are well fed and well looked after, and all I want is you anyway.” Megan stared up at Drake’s brooding expression and couldn’t avert her eyes until tripping over a branch forced her to.
“Clumsy.” Drake said with a wry smile and a sideways glance.
Megan scowled at him.
Drake laughed, then turned serious again. “And any time I ask, they tell me I’ll have to wait ‘til I’m 22 to find out. Why so mysterious? I just don’t get it.”
“You ask too many questions. Who cares, as long as we’re together, that’s all that matters.”
A loud whistle pierced through the quiet.
“Crap,” Drake muttered under his breath.
“Sorry, it’s my fault. I just wanted another few minutes with you.”
“And that’s exactly why Grimshaw makes my life miserable. He’s such an ass-hole. Come on.”
Megan lurched forward, assisted by a forceful tug on her arm. Down a grassy hill they ran, kept well groomed by the grazing sheep. Down below stretched the farmland of Plesston. Squares of crops checkered the landscape, punctuated by red barns that stood out vividly against the green background. And a short distance down the road…the community of Plesston, complete with a church, school and many shops and restaurants. It was a fine place to grow up. A towering support beam gracefully curved upwards and seamlessly merged with a ceiling that stretched farther than the eye could see. Several more could be made out in the distance-standing like silent sentinels, bearing their heavy loads.
Marco Grimshaw smiled to himself when the whistle sounded. He supervised an entire group of workers but he gave special attention to only two. One he favored…one he loathed.
“Not fast enough, Ulah,” Grimshaw snarled, hands on hips with a satisfied smile.
Drake stumbled to a halt, his lungs searching for more oxygen.
“You’re late, so I’m docking your pay an hour and you’re on report again. One of these days, Ulah, I’m going to have you shipped out of here.”
“I’m sure Farmer Pless would have something to say about that,” Drake managed to say in between deep breaths.
Grimshaw’s face reddened and his tall lean frame stiffened. “I’m the supervisor here, and Farmer Pless has given me full authority to discipline my charges as I see fit! Your insolence will be your undoing, Ulah, and I can’t wait ‘til you’re of age and shipped out of here…hopefully to fill the role of sustenance.”
“Grimshaw!” a loud bark of a female voice startled him.
A woman in a dark-brown suit, her white face contorted into a mask of disapproval walked purposely out of the shadows of the barn’s large double doors. A thin layer of dust accumulated on her polished black shoes and the silver latches of the woman’s black briefcase flashed intermittently as they mirrored the powerful ceiling lights.
Just then Megan came running into the volatile scene. “I’m so sorry we’re late Mr. Grimshaw. It was all my fault.”
Grimshaw was vibrating with anger and he knew he had just screwed up as well, but Megan’s presence always seemed to soften his demeanor. “That’s fine Durham-just go tend to your duties.”
Megan took one last glance over to Drake whose gaze never faltered from Grimshaw’s angry stare. She lowered her head and forced her way through the air that was thick with tension. Nodding towards the well dressed woman, “Ms. Fleck,” Megan politely acknowledged.
Elsie Fleck just nodded but didn’t look over, her gaze studied Drake’s frustrated expression.
Megan paused and turned back, “If there is any punishment, I should be the one to receive it.”
Elsie Fleck’s already stern expression boiled over, “Megan, you need to leave, please,” she said through a tight jaw, struggling to keep her composure.
Megan did as she was told. She walked past the bay door of the barn and around its corner, immediately quickened her pace until reaching a full sprint. Clear at the opposite end of the barn was another door that she scrambled through, a trail of swirling dust slowly settled behind her.
All of the equipment was out of the barn at the moment and Megan was careful to avoid most of the creaks as she lightly bound up the stairs to the loft. On her tiptoes she crept back to the front of the barn. Hair pushed back, and on her knees in the loose hay, Megan pressed her ear up to an open knothole in one of the boards that made up the barn’s walls.
“Drake, I’ll talk to you later. Go to Farmer Pless’ office. I’ve arranged with him to use it for awhile. I want to talk to you about your future.” Elsie’s attention was firmly on Grimshaw now.
The feeling of having no control over your own life was a thorn in Drake’s side, and the frustration of that pain showed on his face. “One of these days Grimshaw, I’m coming back to settle this score.”
Grimshaw smiled sardonically. “No one ever comes back, Ulah, you know that.”
“Supervisors do. I’ll get back Grimshaw…you’ll see.” Drake’s gaze never wavered as he walked by the seething Grimshaw.
A passing tractor resonated through the barn. Megan plugged her other ear and pressed harder against the rough wood in order to hear the harsh whispers.
“Are you out of your mind, Grimshaw! To tell a human that you hope they end up blood stock!”
Grimshaw dropped his gaze. “I know, I screwed up. Ulah just pisses me off. He’s like Pless’ pet…and yours, too. I just hate the guy, that’s all.”
“That’s a pretty poor excuse for blurting out the Empire’s secret. Now I’m going to have to smooth this over. Farmer Pless is going to hear about this. Little slips like these can lead to a rebellion, don’t you realize that?”
“I know. Like I said, I messed up. I know how important it is. I just lost my temper. He’s going to know soon anyway. I’m counting down the days ‘til he’s gone, believe me.”
“So what’s the point in harassing him. Drake will take his rightful place in the Empire of the Dome and Megan will become fodder-then you can buy her for your own amusement and eventual satisfaction. You know what we always warn about, Mr. Grimshaw…never get attached to a human.”
Grimshaw’s eyes shot up. “You’re one to talk.”
Elsie’s eyes narrowed. “You know that’s different. He’s assured a place in the Empire.”
“Then you two can live happily ever after.”
“One step at a time Mr. Grimshaw-one step at a time.”
A tractor came around the corner and wheeled around, disappearing into the barn. The interference of the tractor drowned out any sounds from outside. When the tractor’s engine was switched off, Megan realized Grimshaw and Ms. Fleck were gone.
Elsie and Grimshaw parted ways after one last angry warning and Elsie walked towards Farmer Pless’ office satisfied that she had made her point.
The pungent smell of the farm animals mixed with the sweet smell of the hay was comforting to Elsie but she was glad to work in the city. She was spending more time down here than usual and admitted to herself that it was because of Drake. Her father had accompanied her again today. He was being too nosey lately; obviously overly concerned about her affection towards Drake. Ridiculous, she thought. Drake would be a Vampire within weeks and all of his worries would be unfounded. She saw Farmer Pless sitting on the porch of the old farm house, Drake by his side, and her father, Phineas Fleck, leaning against the porch railing.
The cement stairs of the rustic old farmhouse had a fresh coat of blue paint on them but the scars of hundreds of years of wear and tear was evident.
“Hello Mr. Pless. I trust you’re producing lots of good food for us?”
Pless chuckled. “Yes, lots of good, healthy food.”
“I was just shootin’ the breeze with your father when Drake came up looking a little perturbed.”
Both of the Fleck’s glanced at Drake.
Elsie turned back to Farmer Pless. “Yes, Drake and Mr. Grimshaw got into it a bit…seems Drake was late again.” Elsie looked reproachfully at Drake.
Farmer Pless laughed, “I’ll bet Megan Durham was late, too?”
Elsie tried not to roll her eyes. “Yes, I believe she was as well.”
Her father was the only one to notice a glimmer of resentment, by the way Elsie’s mouth tightened and her tone so subtly changed.
“Oh well,” Farmer Pless continued. “It’s almost over. You’re almost 22, Drake, and I’ll be sad to see you go. Mr. Grimshaw will have to find someone else to be nasty to; which I’m sure he will. He increases efficiency but at a high cost to moral. I’ll have to have another talk with him soon. But don’t even give him an extra thought, my boy.” He reached over and patted Drake’s leg. “You’re on to bigger and better things. Heck, maybe you’ll end up being an astronaut on one of Phineas’ space shots…wouldn’t that be exciting.”
Elsie spoke up instantly, “And that’s why I’m here-to bring some good news. I’m sorry to steal Drake away from you again, Mr. Pless. I’ll just need a few moments of his time.”
“Of course, take as much time as you need. As usual, my office is available for you.”
“Thank you.”
As she turned she flashed a smile at Drake.
“So, how are you today, Drake?” Elsie led the way into the house.
It was a clean, well used old house that always seemed to be warm with the smells of fresh baking. All felt welcome and comfortable when a guest of Farmer Pless.
“Other than Grimshaw, I’m fine. I’m just wondering why I’ve been getting the privilege of seeing you so often these days.”
A rosy glow filled Elsie’s cheeks.
“Well, your 22nd birthday is next week and I have some good news for you.”
“This sounds interesting.”
Drake followed Elsie to Farmer Pless’ office.
The office was small but very neat. The walls were filled with calendars and pictures of tractors and farm equipment, with a little bit of green paint surrounding them.
Drake noticed this wasn’t Elsie’s usual business-like demeanor; she was positively brimming with excitement.
“Have a seat,” Elsie said. She took the one behind the desk. “As I’ve drilled into you for most of your life, at age 22, all of your lives take a drastic and exciting turn. All move up into the dome and fill positions that will help the Empire to run efficiently. This move also helps to renew our workforce here at the base of the dome to ensure that we always have youth and energy down on the farms and in the factories. Not everyone gets the benefit of a full explanation of life within the dome, but you, my dear, have been selected to our privileged program.” A smile lingered on her face.
“What does that mean?”
“Well, what it means is, that you will be granted opportunities reserved for only a select few. All of the tests and tasks you have completed for us over the past few years have revealed that you have been blessed with an above average intellect. One of the highest ever identified. Your orientation begins tomorrow.”
“Umm, wow, that’s terrific. Any idea if Megan made the same program?”
Elsie’s smile withered. “Megan is a couple of months younger than you. And it’s not my final decision to make. There is a panel of elders for that.”
“I’ve heard that there are elders higher up in the dome. The only old person I’ve ever seen before is Farmer Pless. I hear all of the younger farmers and supervisors learned from him.”
“Farmer Pless in one of the most revered men in the dome, as are all the Farmers. Without them we wouldn’t survive.”
“Maybe I can become a Farmer and learn from the best.”
Elsie smiled. “You’ll see and experience lots of new and exciting things up in the dome. And you can be whatever you want to be Drake. The dome is your bounty.”
“But Megan still has a chance, doesn’t she? The Elders, they listen to your input, right?”
“They do, but she is judged primarily on her test scores.”
“Megan says her test scores have been pretty good.”
“Yes they have been, but there is a lot more criteria to be considered. I’ll do what I can to improve her chances.” Elsie forced a polite smile.
“Thanks Ms. Fleck-that makes me feel better.”
Elsie marked some paperwork in front of her. “So, you’ve been seeing a lot of Megan Durham lately.” Elsie said, looking without lifting her head.
“Yeah, I suppose I have. We get along pretty well.”
“I’m not sure that’s so wise.”
“Why not?” Drake’s brow tightened.
“Well, sometimes it’s difficult to carry on relationships after the age of 22. Things change.”
“How so?”
“As I mentioned, you may be given completely different jobs to perform, and you may be stationed days of travel apart from each other. It’s very difficult to carry on a long distance relationship within this huge dome.” Elsie had used this lie many times before. It helped buy just a little bit of time before the truth would be revealed. “Also, the privileged program is fairly stringent and all of the enrollees must stay within this system and only interact with other members of this select group.”
“Hmm…if she doesn’t make it, can I decline the invitation?”
Elsie’s face turned grave. “Don’t miss out on this opportunity, Drake. It really is the chance of a lifetime. A bus will be along at eight in the morning tomorrow to pick you up. Make sure you’re ready. Pack lightly; new clothing will be provided.” Elsie stood up. “This is an exhilarating time in your life. Soak it up and enjoy it for all that it’s worth. I still remember my time of transformation.” A contented smile accompanied by a faraway look came across Elsie’s face. “It was the most wonderful and stimulating period of my life and the best thing that ever happened to me. You are so lucky to have been chosen. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

Chapter 3
The Great Edict
Elsie Fleck walked along a busy street, teeming with traffic. The greenways had been cut only hours ago while most slept and the air was still rich with the scent. Vehicles skimmed over the emerald boulevards, never touching the immaculate lawns. Elsie walked through the doors of one of the polished columns of glass that towered to the ceiling. The elevator dropped her off at 22 and she quickly walked to a set of wooden doors trimmed with brass; beyond, a reception area, rich with elegance. A woman smiled from behind a stylish wooden desk.
“Please go right in Ms. Fleck. Mr. Kamber is expecting you,” the receptionist said.
“Thanks, Kimberly.”
Down a long hallway of closed office doors, one stood open. Elsie peeked around the corner and gently knocked.
Kamber was a thousand-year-old Vampire and one of the first wave of conversions when the Empire first formed. Artificial light entered the room through a large window behind Mr. Kamber highlighting his grey hair. He looked up from his paper work, squinted, then a smile spread across his weathered face, causing the waxed tips of his moustache to rise. His complexion was a little darker than the younger generation of the dome.
“Come in, Elsie.”
“Hello, Mr. Kamber. How are you today?”
“Not too well I’m sorry to say. The panel of elders has yet again reduced the number of candidates to be accepted, down to 10.”
“Ten? But I thought when they reduced to 25, that was a firm number.”
“So did they at the time. But things are changing quickly-too quickly. If things continue like this, we could be out of a job.”
“Don’t even joke about that.”
“Oh, I’m not joking. And to be honest with you, I think we’ll be obsolete within the next year or so, if not sooner. The dome just can’t continue to add citizens when no one is dying. When I mildly complained, one of my colleagues offered to open up an extra spot this year if I wanted to make room for someone.”
Elsie smiled politely. “Hmm. Well I guess I can trim down my list. But so many worthy humans will be left out. It seems like such a waste of resources.”
“I know, but what can we do. I’m sure the 10 you select will be exemplary.”
“Yes, we have a good crop this month. One in particular is brilliant.”
“Mr. Ulah? Yes, I’m glad he’s finally reached the age of eligibility. And just under the wire it seems.”
“Yes, as long as Drake makes it in, I’ll be satisfied.”
“Yes, you have grown very fond of him, haven’t you?”
“Well, just from a professional viewpoint of course.”
“Is that all?” Kamber watched for a reaction as he pressured her with his gaze. “Ah, you must have just fed! Someone’s blood is rushing to your cheeks.”
Now her cheeks glowed crimson. “Yes I did, and he was very satisfying.”
“Yes, I can’t wait to feed later today. I have a very attractive plump blonde girl that I can’t get my mind off.”
“Is your cycle still weekly?” Elsie asked.
“Well, about a week and a half between feeds. But every so often, especially if I am particularly intrigued by a recent purchase, I am compelled to feed sooner. It does tend to bloat me, but what can I do, I’m only a Vampire man,” he said with a smile. “How about you? Being young, your cycle must be bi-weekly.”
“Yes it is. But it is getting so expensive. And if what you’re saying is true, I may have to tighten my belt.”
“Yes, I suppose that is one of the advantages of being an older Vampire, I save a little bit of money by not having to feed so much. So I’ll let you shave down that list of yours to ten, and we’ll review it. I’ll need it by the end of the day.”
“Thanks Mr. Kamber, it shouldn’t take me too long.”
The job went faster than Elsie expected. Most of the candidates were just names and numbers on a piece of paper, but she had a deep emotional investment in the other, to the point of obsession.
***
The following day Drake waited with Megan for the bus to pick him up and take him to start his new life.
“Don’t worry, Megan, I’ll see you in a couple of months, at the least. Ms. Fleck said that you’ve got a good shot at making it too; she said she’d vouch for you. Then we can start our new lives together. We’ll be assigned new and important jobs and live together in a nice house, and have our own car, maybe even two.”
Megan made a poor attempt at a smile. “Ms. Fleck doesn’t like me, you know that, and I get the impression that she would prefer to keep us apart.” Tears welled up and magnified Megan’s bright blue eyes.
“She’s just like that with some people.”
“Yeah, people she doesn’t like!”
“Everything will be fine, you’ll see. I’ll make sure of it. Nothing will keep us apart.”
Drake put his arms around her. He thought she looked so cute when she was upset.
“What about what I told you yesterday about the conversation between Ms. Fleck and Grimshaw?” Megan reminded, her face pressed hard against Drake’s chest.
“You said yourself that it was hard to hear, but it just adds the mystery. I guess a lot of the questions will get answered now. Man, I’m so glad to be getting away from Grimshaw, finally.”
The bus glided up silently. It had already picked up a few applicants from other farms and factories in the area.
“I love you, Drake.”
“Love you too, babe.”
Drake slid his suitcase into the baggage bin under the bus and entered the vehicle.
Tears streamed and her body jerked with each suppressed sob as the bus pulled away. Meagan watched it disappear from view, terrified that she may not ever see Drake again.
Drake waved from the window until distracted by a voice to his rear. “Is that your girl?” A young man with red hair leaned over the seat.
“Yeah.”
“I left mine back in Langston. That’s where I’m from. But I don’t expect I’ll ever see her again. But that’s all right. Right? There’ll be plenty of girls where we’re going-and probably classier, too. I hear up above, there are wonders and riches we’ve never imagined down here. Now, don’t get me wrong. The base is a great place to grow up: green grass, tall trees, rivers and lakes to swim in, but we’re grown up now and ready to move on to bigger and better things. Am I right?”
Drake nodded. “Mm-hm.”
“My name is Jack, by the way.” He extended his hand over the seat.
“Drake.” He turned, smiled and shook Jack’s hand.
“Good to meet you, Drake. Yep, it’s nice to be one of the few. I’d hate to be one of the many.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, it’s just rumors mind you but, after we hit 22, life changes for all of us base workers. Think about it. After age 22, all of the workers just disappear. There are lots of new babies and children and teens, but after 22, poof we evaporate.”
“I’ve always wondered about that, but I’ve been told that we all move upstairs into different roles.”
“That we do but, what are those different roles? That’s what I wonder. You and me for example, are lucky to have been chosen for an advanced class. So we’ll probably get moved into more technical jobs once our schooling is done. But what about everybody else, what happens to them?”
“They all get moved into different roles.”
“Then why don’t we all move up together? And why doesn’t anyone ever come back to visit after they leave?”
“I suppose we aren’t allowed to, for whatever reason. I don’t think there is anything sinister about it as you’re implying, though. But I agree, it is definitely puzzling. I guess we’ll find out soon enough.”
“Yep, the mysteries of life finally revealed.”
Drake watched out the bus window as fields of crops passed by. In the distance, factories, refineries and pulp mills churned out their products. Water began to fall from the ceiling far overhead as a farmer watered his crops. The bus passed a seemingly endless chain of product cars, not linked together but moving in perfect unison.
Occasionally they stopped to pick up another eager 22 year old. A thick forest loomed in the distance, but the bus turned before they reached it and slowed at a junction point filled with trucks and product containers. A train station was within sight, and machines unloaded cargo into a staging area. The bus driver presented his documents to an official who in turn verified everyone on board. Once cleared, the bus was allowed to drive and park in the massive elevator. The pleasant smell of freshly cut cedar was evident and large containers filled with consumer goods were uniformly lined far down to the end. The 22-year-olds on the bus chatted freely, excited about their new experience. Mechanized sliding doors slowly closed in the large area. Once sealed in, the room began to elevate in the vertical chute it occupied. The massive elevator accelerated until it was speeding upwards into the dome. A short time passed and the passengers could feel the elevator gradually slow. The huge doors opened and the bus was the first to leave the area. This staging area was much like the one they had just left behind, but beyond that, a forest of tall buildings. The bus driver turned on his intercom and passed on some information to his passengers.
“As you may have already noticed, the buildings go all the way to the ceiling. They act as supports, helping to bear the load of the next floor up, while serving as living quarters or office space. The dome has 64 floors. The greenways are maintained by dome employees.”
Drake noticed men and women all around his age with the very rare person that looked older. The pedestrian walkways were of concrete with footbridges being the only permissible way to cross the busy streets. The bus pulled into a parking area and Drake saw Elsie Fleck standing there with her trusty briefcase and a smile on her face.
Elsie had been through this thousands of times, but this time was special.
“Good morning, all. I hope you had a pleasant trip…and welcome to the dome! This is the first new experience in a series of new experiences for you. Please follow me and I’ll show you to your rooms. You will be given one hour to settle in and freshen up before you are required for your first orientation class.”
All were shown to their private rooms on the 18th floor. Drake entered his small modest room and placed his bag onto the bed. He’d never been so high up before. Inching towards the window, Drake peered from a tolerable distance. The view was intimidating but amazing: towering columns of glass with a bright green criss-cross pattern at the bottom. His mind wandered for the remainder of the hour, always ending up at the same spot…Megan. Soon, there was a knock at the door. The group was re-assembled and escorted to a conference room where Elsie stood at the head of the class eagerly awaiting them.
“Take a seat, please.”
Drake flashed a little grin Elsie’s way.
Elsie felt so excited but contented to finally be at this point. It had been difficult to remain patient these last few years, even for a Vampire.
“Welcome to the class for integration into the Empire.” Elsie began to slowly pace, her clicking steps occasionally timed to accentuate a point. “You have been selected from thousands of eligible people because of your outstanding intellect, work ethic and, what we hope will be a suitable personality. I say hope, because what you will learn today will shock and alarm you.”
“See, I told you,” Jack whispered over to Drake.
Concerned glances flashed about the room.
“But, if you can accept the nature of things, your lives will be enriched beyond your wildest dreams.”
Now the shared looks between classmates were more hopeful.
“I will start with a short history of the Empire. Over 1,000 years ago we lived outside of the protective dome that we now call home. But our star was burning out. The object that had helped bring life to our planet now threatened to take it away. An intense burn out of its remaining fuel put us in a very vulnerable position. But we knew what was coming and we began to prepare for the catastrophic event. We envisioned a massive dome, capable of housing towering cities and able to feed and shelter millions-a dome that would shield and protect us from the intense heat. The best architects and builders were brought together to design this huge structure and millions of workers toiled night and day to achieve the goal. But it was determined that there wouldn’t be enough time to build the dome large enough or to build more domes in order to accommodate the entire population. Now the leaders were presented with their first difficult decision…who is expendable, and who is not. A secret board was set up, comprised of already approved members. The board selected whom could best contribute to the rebuilding of the Empire. Millions would be safe within the dome-millions would not. It was at this time that a classified medical breakthrough was brought to light. Scientists, years previously, had discovered a means by which an individual’s life could be preserved indefinitely. The information had been kept secret because of the life sacrifices that would be needed. Rich, young human blood would be needed to achieve and maintain this end. You can understand why the information had been kept under wraps. But now, when life and death decisions were already being made, the information was shared with the governing board. Oh my goodness! A chance to keep the most clever and intelligent around forever! A rebuilding Empire could perpetually benefit. The experience of our best minds would be needed to ensure that our race was as strong as possible at this critical period. And with this plan, lives would not be wasted but contributed to the rejuvenation of the Empire. So, our population was placed into groupings: a select group was chosen to carry on into immortality, the second group would sacrifice their lives in order to convert and sustain the select group, and a third group would be essential as workers and breeders. Each year another select group is chosen to carry on into eternity. I was one of the fortunate few, chosen over 200 years ago. And that tradition continues to this day, with you. You are the cream of the crop, the select few chosen to live on indefinitely. The best and the brightest come to join our Empire, forever. Just think of it, to never age, to never feel the crippling affects of your body breaking down. Always rejuvenated with fresh life extending blood, sacrificed by our brothers and sisters so that our Empire remains as strong as it can be.”
Elsie paused momentarily and scanned the confused faces, then continued to pace. “I understand your reaction. I felt exactly the same way when I was told. And every group of newcomers that comes through is equally distressed. But the shock will pass, and you will come to understand that this is necessary in order to keep our race strong.”
Elsie let them digest the startling information for a few moments. Her eyes settled on Drake who was the first of the group to speak up.
“This is unbelievable! I knew something was strange, but I could never have imagined this. It’s barbaric! So you’re saying that only a few select individuals are chosen to live forever, and the rest are butchered so that a bunch of selfish people can be immortal? You’re taking the foundation that supports the Empire and bleeding it dry.”
“It is the ultimate and most noble sacrifice-to give your life so that your race may continue to be strong.”
“These noble people you speak of, I’m sure they don’t surrender their lives willingly, or are even aware of what’s going on until it’s too late!” Drake said.
One of the girls in the group spoke up. “Wait a minute, are you telling us that all of our friends will be killed?”
“Most, yes.”
“And killing them somehow immortalizes others?”
“Yes, it is a process we have followed for centuries. But you must now distance yourselves from your past. I’m not saying it will be easy, but it is for the better. You are about to, if you can accept it, begin a new enriched life, enhanced by the blood of your kindred.”
“What if we say no?” another young man spoke up.
“To anyone who rejects this gift, and very few do, they would be re-designated as a breeder or fodder. But eventually, all who are not accepted into the Vampire Empire, become expendable. It is as I said, the nature of things.”
“To me it’s an easy choice-to live forever, or die in the near future…let me see,” Jack said irreverently as he motioned with his hands as if weighing the two options.
“For most the decision is easy, once the shock of the news wears off. It’s the way of the world now. It’s up to you to accept and embrace this incredible opportunity, or reject it, and fill the equally important role of helping to keep our race strong. For without the nourishing, life-extending nectar of the soul, our lives, and our world within the dome would end.”
“How so? If the workers were allowed to live normal lives, raise children, grow old, then life would continue to renew itself, naturally. What you’re doing is the height of selfishness,” Drake said.
“If the workers ruled, overpopulation would destroy life within the dome, intelligence would be watered down and our race would stagnate and die.”
“How do you know that?”
“We are not willing to experiment to find out. This is the way of life in the Empire. You can reject it, or embrace it and become a part of a glorious Empire that rewards its newcomers with eternal life. We are already on the brink of overpopulating the dome, to the point of limiting new members to our society. There are rumors that the program may be suspended indefinitely. You could be the last group to be granted this privilege. Don’t let it slip away because of some silly moral code. If you do decline this opportunity, you can never come back. It is a once in a lifetime chance; an existence that will last as long as you want it to. I’ll leave you now to think this over. Someone will show you to your rooms. I’ll meet with you again tonight to answer any more questions you may have. You must make your decision by tomorrow and then we can start your integration into the Empire. I hope you all will take advantage of the privilege that has been presented to you.”
Elsie took a brief glance at Drake. She had hoped he would have gone with the flow a little better. His words troubled her. But, she had heard those words many times before, and none of them to her recollection had refused life over death. Elsie took her leave and proceeded to her usual, post introduction meeting with Mr. Kamber, 4 floors up.
“Elsie, please come in and sit down. I have some rather disturbing news,” Kamber said as he twisted the turned up tips of his moustache. “The board of directors has voted to suspend the program, effective immediately.”
Elsie’s face went momentarily vacant. Then her face hardened. “But how can they do that? I’ve just told the latest group the good news. Surely they mean after this group has gone through.”
“No, they were quite clear-effective immediately.”
“But what about Mr. Ulah. Surely they will make an exception for him. You said yourself how much of an asset he will be for the Empire for centuries to come.”
“I’ve already addressed that issue, and they were quite resolute, no exceptions.”
“But he’s so brilliant. I can’t believe that they would allow such a valuable prospect to slip through their fingers. Surely they will listen to reason. Maybe if I…”
“Elsie, they said no! You must accept their directive. I know you really like this boy, but there is nothing we can do. A law will be passed immediately. The most significant law in the last 10 centuries, I would say. The Empire is changing and we must change with it.”
“What will happen to him?”
“You mean, what will happen to them?”
“Yes, of course.”
“They will be treated just as all others who have reached the age of maturity. They will fulfill their purpose of helping to keep the Empire strong; just as it has always been and how it will always be. Come Elsie, it’s not all that bad. The Empire will find other functions for us.”
Elsie’s posture sagged and her eyes dropped. “Yes, I know.”
“It’s Drake, isn’t it?”
Elsie raised her head to meet Kamber’s gaze.
“I’m not stupid, you know,” he said with a kindly smile. “You two may have made good companions but, things have changed now and it’s best that you let him go. Even if you buy Mr. Ulah to keep him from becoming someone’s meal, he will grow old right before your eyes. He will lose his youthful appeal and you will tire of him.”
Elsie slumped again and her hands covered her face.
Kamber rolled his eyes. “This is a perfect example of why we preach to all new-comers and to experienced Vampires alike-do not get attached to a human. It can only lead to grief. You of all people should know that, Elsie. Now go and get your paperwork in order. You need to inform the group that an edict has been passed and they are no longer eligible for entry into the Empire.”
Elsie raised her head. “Yes sir.”

Chapter 4
Blood Auction
Elsie’s father continued his flashback look for the detectives, “Elsie was crushed by the historic declaration. She couldn’t accept losing Drake. She thought about purchasing him and keeping him as a human companion for a while. But she knew this was a temporary solution and that he would age and eventually die. Elsie hoped, however, if she did follow this path, that the edict might be lifted in 10 years or so, and then Drake would only be in his mid thirties when converted. Elsie could live with that. But to have to watch him turn into an old man would sicken her.
I told her just forget him, and find a nice Vampire man for a companion…or buy Drake and feed from him. The climactic experience would surely be heightened if the kill was with someone you love, right? She didn’t like that idea.
Elsie’s connections within the system made it easy for her to check up on Drake’s status. He was re-designated as a breeder and when Megan turned 22, he managed to be paired up with her. Elsie’s nagging jealousy was turbo-charged when she read that Megan was Drake’s pairing, but then tempered because the two breeders were not producing. And Elsie knew, that if you aren’t being a prolific producer, you are re-designated; so they would be split up and Drake would become available as blood stock. Upon deeper reflection Elsie surmised that it was not so much a fertility problem as much as a moral issue with them. She assumed that as soon as Drake and Megan were together, Drake enlightened Megan on the secrets of the Empire. Because of the information Drake now possessed, he was never going to be a good breeder.”
***
“We’ve talked about this before, Megan. We have got to be strong.” Drake held Megan firmly by the shoulders, and looked intently into her eyes. “Think of how it would make you feel, to never be able to hold your own child, and to know that your flesh and blood was going to be raised by strangers only to be fattened for the kill, just like we were.”
Megan began to weep into Drake’s chest.
“And do you think if the rest of the people assigned as breeders knew what their children were being raised for, that they would have any children?”
Megan looked up at Drake, her face contorted, eyes pouring out. “It’s a nightmare. Life seemed so perfect just a few months ago. I can’t believe that all those years, this, was going on over our heads. It’s horrific.”
Hours later they had a visitor.
“Hello, Mr. Ulah, Ms. Durham.”
Drake and Megan looked distastefully at the sharp-faced little man but did not respond. He leered at Megan and ran his tongue across his teeth, an imposing pair of fangs emerged, as if from nowhere, extending from the gums. Megan shriveled into Drake’s arms.
His voice was shrill and his tone grave. “As I’ve told you several times over the past few months, if you don’t produce you will be re-assigned. Do you have any intention of even trying to reproduce?”
Megan buried her face deeper into Drake’s chest, and Drake glared menacingly at the loathsome little man before igniting. “We’ve told you before, you ghoul, we won’t be an accessory to your barbaric existence!”
“Very well then, that means you will be separated and go to auction. I’m sure you will make a very fine blood-feast for some worthy Vampire. I may even bid on you myself, my lovely.” He smiled at Megan’s horrified reaction. The glistening fangs appeared to pulse and take on a life of their own.
He quickly scribbled and flipped through forms on his clipboard as he walked out, uninterested in the pain he was causing.
A short time later, a group of uniformed Vampire men came calling, billy-clubs in hand.
“Megan Durham? We’ve come to escort you to a separate apartment. Mr. Ulah, you may stay here.”
“No, I won’t go!”
“I’m sorry, I have my orders. You must come now.”
Megan clung to Drake and used him as a shield when the group advanced.
Drake instinctively tried to ward them off but got tasered and beaten down for his efforts. “Easy, he’s going to auction tomorrow. Bruised merchandise reduces my bonus.”
Megan was dragged, kicking and screaming from the room.
Drake groaned and rolled onto his side, but the physical pain was of no consequence to him. His world was over.
The following day, the same men came to get Drake. He was calm and resigned to his fate.
“What will happen to Megan?”
“She will be either re-assigned to another male breeder or go to auction.”
Drake sighed and dropped his eyes. He was escorted to a bus, half-full with other young human men. Armed guards were everywhere. The vehicle stopped several times to pick up other men, soon it was packed. The bus unloaded its valuable cargo at the rear of a large, two-story building. Many buses were parked and empty while yet another shipment pulled up. More old faces than Drake had ever seen before. Retired breeders, Drake surmised, being sold before they got too old to fetch a price. Gazing into faces, Drake recognized fear, some more visible as they fought back panic, while others masked their dread with a stern face. They had been told that the auction was just wealthy folk looking for employees, but the feeling of dread was palpable. Drake took a deep breath and let it out slowly…it didn’t help. A man broke ranks and made a run for it. One of the guards aimed his rifle and fired into the fleeing man’s back. The small, barbed projectile penetrated his flesh superficially and released a crippling jolt of current. The prisoner’s voluntary functions immediately ceased to work, and his sprint to freedom stalled in mid-stride. He fell in a twitching heap onto the ground, where he was collected and carried into the building by two of the guards. Drake and his group were led into the building. A large holding area was already almost full. Shuffling feet and random coughs were the only sounds. Scanning the area Drake noted a short set of stairs leading up to a red, metal door, manned by a guard. The door swung open and the excited buzz of a lively crowd could be heard beyond. The noise in another situation would have been pleasant, but now it only served to heighten Drake’s fear. Guards came and led the first two captives up the stairs and through the red door. The din surged, and so did the dread of the remaining men. Closed, the door effectively blocked out the sound coming from beyond, but when the excitement reached a fever pitch, the pandemonium could still be heard. Wave after wave as the door opened and closed. Too soon it was Drake’s turn. He was lead up the stairs and through the door. The creaking of the heavy door on un-greased hinges could be made out over the noisy crowd. Backstage was dimly lit and it took a moment for Drake’s eyes to adjust. A dark curtain was briefly opened up and a prisoner led through the opening. A shaft of bright light pierced the area and Drake got his first view of the source of the commotion. A glimpse of smiling, animated women intently sizing up the new offering. The curtain fell back in place. Drake took a couple of deep breaths to calm his nerves, just as the auctioneer bellowed.
“This handsome young man should command a good price. He is strong and fit. Look at those veins!” The auctioneer displayed the young man’s forearm and pushed up on his chin. “Prime ‘A’, number one human blood. A feast for your senses and guaranteed to preserve life everlasting. Let’s start the bidding at 650 marks, I have 650 how’s ‘bout 7 do I hear 7,7,7? I have 7, do I hear 750. Going once, twice…last chance-sold for 700 marks. May your blood provide pleasure and sustenance,” he said to the young man as he was led off. “Next specimen please.”
Drake was grasped firmly by both arms and ushered onto the stage. He shielded his eyes from the bright lights as he was escorted to a spot. Whoops of approval assaulted Drake’s ears.
“Stand here, my young buck,” the auctioneer said as he scrolled down the page of his electronic notebook.
“Vampire ladies and gentlemen, please refer to item number 66 on your program. This fine, strapping, handsome young male was actually included in the last group of candidates to be transformed before the program was scrapped in that landmark decision of only months ago so we know that his blood is impeccable. Look at those rippling muscles. A feast for the eyes as well as the soul. Guaranteed to sustain life and give you lots of thrill for the kill. If my preference wasn’t for female blood, I would be tempted to make a bid on him myself.” His eyebrows wiggled and the crowd laughed.
“I’d like to start the bidding at 2,000 marks. The highest starting bid of the day, I realize, but I predict the bidding to be lively for this one.”
The words had barely escaped his lips when a shout from the gallery erupted, “2,000!”
Triggering a constant flow of bids that increased in value as well as the intensity of the bid itself. Women were bidding from every area of the gallery. Occasionally a man would make a bid, either on behalf of his female partner or for himself. The frenzy reached a fever pitch and bidders of lesser means or more common sense began to drop out. Soon, just a few determined shoppers remained in the battle for Drake. The pauses between bids became longer as two of the three Vampire women pondered if one man was worth this much of their resources. But with one of the three remaining consumers there was no hesitation between bids. Her resolute and assertive bids eventually wore down her opponents and they conceded.
“Sold to paddle number 149! Wow, that was amazing. Good job, son. May your blood enhance the life of another.”
Drake was ushered off the stage and tagged with the number of the buyer. The auction carried on for hours and the holding area for purchased humans swelled. At the end of the day busses were loaded and Drake was shown where to sit according to order of delivery. Winding its way through city streets, the bus came to a residential area. Drake’s turn came and he was lead to the front door of a nice looking two-story home.
“Who is it?” a woman’s voice called through the door inter-com.
“Blood Shop, with your purchase.”
The door opened.
“Elsie?”
“Hello Drake. How have you been?” Elsie signed for her purchase.
The deliverymen waited until the door was shut and locked before they withdrew.
“Well, I guess I’m a little numb, actually. You bought me?”
“Of course, I couldn’t see you go to someone else. But I must say, you cost me a magnificent mark. I’ve never spent that much on one man before. Come in and make yourself comfortable.”
Elsie directed Drake into a comfortable looking living area. Two plush burgundy couches faced each other flanked by chairs of similar style but contrasting color. A large glass-topped table centered the ensemble. Drake took a seat on one of the couches and scanned the room. Handsome wood and glass cabinets showed off ornate glassware. Beautiful artwork and exquisite decorative touches filled the room.
“Wow! Very nice. Did you decorate yourself?”
Elsie sat on the couch across from Drake. “I had the help of an interior decorator, but I had a hand in it as well…I paid for everything.” She smiled.
Drake forced a smile back. “Well, it’s really impressive-and comfortable.” Drake stroked the soft fabric. “So I guess I should be happy that at least someone I know is going to drain me of my blood?”
Elsie’s pleasant expression turned more serious and almost sympathetic. “No, Drake, I could never do that. You may stay with me here as my houseguest. I’m hoping the elders will rescind their law in a few years and you may still be able to experience life everlasting.”
“Why are you doing this? It seems like there’s nothing in it for you.”
“I just think it’s a waste of a brilliant mind; a mind that would help the Empire to be stronger. I still can’t believe they wouldn’t make an exception for you.”
“And what if they don’t repeal the law? You’ll have to watch me age. I’ll bet you don’t have any old people around the house,” Drake’s tone became reproachful.
“No, no I don’t.” Elsie moved up to the front of the couch and gazed deeply into Drake’s eyes. “I don’t apologize for what I am, Drake. I had a decision to make many years ago and I chose to survive. Was that so wrong?”
“I’m just having such a hard time comprehending this. To me you’re all just cold-blooded killers.”
Elsie nodded. “You’re right, we are, plain and simple. But the perception of those words is what makes all the difference. Humans: breed, raise, butcher and devour cows, pigs, and chickens. But do you see that as a bad thing? I’ll bet the animals don’t think much of that practice.”
“But those are animals, we’re humans, surely you can see the difference.”
“Why do you feel your right to survive is more important than the animals you consume?”
“Why do you feel your right to survive is more important than the humans you bleed dry?”
“Exactly my point! We must all take a life from somewhere to be able to sustain and extend our own lives. It is the way of the world, the nature of things. It’s just because we are intelligent beings, able to reason and voice our opinions that makes it different.”
“What makes it different is being the prey and not the hunter. Megan put it pretty well, she said that we’ve gone from the top of the food chain to the bottom, in an instant.”
“Well, you needn’t worry about being the prey around here. Just enjoy my home. The law says that you can’t leave the residence without being accompanied by a Vampire. So, I’m afraid you’re stuck inside unless I’m with you.”
“What about, Megan? Do you know what’s become of her?”
“No, I don’t,” Elsie tone was suddenly terse.
“Do you think you could find out? Maybe you could buy her, too.”
“No, that isn’t possible.”
“Why not? You did it for me.”
“You are the first and the last.”
“Elsie? Why really, did you do this? It just doesn’t add up. You spent way too much money on something you don’t even intend to use, just on the off chance that the law gets suspended?”
Elsie looked down and was silent.
“Elsie, you know there can never be anything between us.”
This statement pulled the cork on feelings that had been bottled up for years and the emotion began to freely flow. Elsie’s head snapped up and her eyes were energized with passion. “Not now there can’t be! The Great Edict saw to that. We could’ve lived happily for eternity. Now I have to keep you locked in my house, like a prisoner. It wasn’t supposed to be this way. We were meant to be together!”
“But I’m in love with Megan. You know that!”
“I was hoping that with conversion and the passing of time, you could forget her.”
“Well, the other problem is, I could never be one of you!”
“You say that now, but if circumstances were different. In all of my hundreds of years as a transformation officer, I, personally, have never seen one person refuse conversion.”
“Hopefully I’ll never have that choice again-and what if I don’t; are you going to be content to watch me grow old while you stay young? Not likely. You’re going to tire of having an elderly man around and you’ll be disappointed and resentful that you spent so much money on a relic. It’ll get to the point where you even lose the desire to feed off me.”
Elsie laughed. “If you’re trying to save your own life, you’re not doing a very good job. Let’s just take this one day at a time. So for now, at least be grateful.”
Drake forced a smirk. “Sorry, I’m still trying to grasp all of this.”
“I know. We become desensitized to the shock humans experience at this time of their lives; it passes, believe me. Now what can I get for you. Are you hungry?”
“All I really want right now is to know that Megan is safe.”
“But I have absolutely no control over her future?”
“You could if you really wanted to.”
“I suppose that’s the point.”
“But what if you could just make sure she’s safe? Just knowing that, would be enough for me.”
“You know she’s not safe though.”
“But, if she’s still alive, there is one way to make sure she’s safe. Provide her with the same advantages that you have so graciously bestowed on me.”
Elsie abruptly stood up and walked behind the couch, pacing back and forth as she spoke. “I can’t, don’t you see, it would tear me apart to see the two of you together.”
Drake shifted up to the front of the couch. “Then keep us apart. It would just make me feel better to know that she’s safe. You could set aside a living space for her within this big house and keep her secluded. We never even have to see each other.”
“You know that wouldn’t work. You’d be relieved at first, but as time went by you’d be drawn to her. Besides, I have no idea of where she is. She’s probably already been bled.”
“We don’t know that for sure. And I promise that if I know she’s safe I’ll be a much better companion for you. Otherwise I’ll just be miserable, and terrible company, so you may as well just kill me now.”
Elsie paced a few more times, growled in frustration, and stomped out of the room.
On her way past the kitchen she curtly instructed her staff, “The human I told you about is here. He is to be treated like a guest, not like bloodstock. Margaret, see to his every need, Christopher, show him to his room.”
“Yes, Ms. Fleck,” they both replied.
When Elsie had left, they exchanged glances but didn’t question or discuss their employer’s orders.
Elsie went into another room, closed a sliding door, and threw herself into a thickly cushioned chair. After a heavy sigh, she picked up a remote control and uttered a voice command. “Dad.”
Across town a man sat in his home watching a show on television when a call came through. Phineas Fleck grumbled at the interruption and pushed the receive button on his remote. A window on his TV revealed the caller. He immediately saw that his daughter was upset and went to full screen. “Hi honey, what’s up?”
“Hi, Daddy. I need your advice on something.”
“Don’t tell me. You bought Drake and you’re even more confused now than you were before.”
“Oh shut up.” She forced a smile. “But you’re right, I did buy him.”
“I figured you would, but I hoped you wouldn’t. Now what are you going to do with him? You can’t count on the transformation law to be lifted, because chances are it never will be, or if it is, it may be too late, Drake may be an old man by then. Never get attached to a human! Now you’re in an emotional predicament deeper than you ever were.”
“I know, but Drake is special. He’s intelligent, he’s funny, well not so much right now, but before all this he was. And did I mention that he’s gorgeous?”
Her dad rolled his eyes. “About a thousand times. And that’s my exact point. Your main draw to him is a physical attraction but, that’s going to fade, and you know that. That’s why the Empire stresses and constantly reminds us…”
“Don’t get attached to a human, yeah, I know, Dad.”
“It’s even more important for a female Vampire to be careful of. They seem more susceptible to it for some reason, studies have proved it. That’s why I’ve always been so worried because of your job and your involvement with so many human men. You’ve done so well, for almost two centuries.”
“I have been very careful to keep it very businesslike. But that just proves how special Drake is.”
“Special or not-he’s a human, and will always be a human. You need to be strong and do away with him. Just think what an awesome feeling it will be to feed from someone you’re so attracted to. Don’t you think?”
“I don’t know. I’ve never felt this way before,” Elsie stated in frustration.
Her father rolled his eyes. “I don’t know if I’ve ever been in love with a human woman before but, I do know for sure, the more I’m attracted to them, the more pleasurable the kill.”
“But after that rush, he’ll be gone forever. I don’t know if I can stand that.”
“He’ll be gone forever, eventually, even if you let him live. Only you’ll have to endure the pain of watching him shrivel and die. I’ve heard stories of the aging process, and from what I’ve heard, it’s not a pretty sight.”
“I just wish the Empire hadn’t been so stubborn and allowed one more human through. It’s so frustrating because he was so close to the cut-off.”
“There’s nothing you can do about it now. My advice to you is to let him go. Don’t let him hang around, he’ll only bring you misery.”
***
As the days went on, Elsie could see that Drake was miserable and not the companion she had hoped for. She finally gave in and went to look for Megan. Her connections within the bureaucracy made it fairly easy. It was deemed that Megan would not make a good breeder due to her recent history, so she was put up for auction. Elsie discovered that a Vampire man had just purchased Megan only days before. Elsie acquired his name and phone number. She made the call, not fully sure if she really wanted to find Megan still alive.
“Hi, is this Mr. Quarterton,” Elsie read the name from her notes.
Quarterton switched on his video screen so he could see the caller. As soon as he did, Elsie got a full view of the Vampire man. His bulk almost took up the full screen.
“Yes, it is. How may I help you?”
“My name is Elsie Fleck. I’m very sorry to bother you. I got your name from The Blood Shop as being the person who just purchased Megan Durham and I was wondering first of all, if she’s still full of blood?”
He was a massive Vampire, with long greasy black hair. His pudgy, unshaven face jiggled when he talked. “Yes, yes she is-alive and well, and full of the beautiful, youthful nectar of life. Quite frankly, I can’t wait.”
Elsie imperceptibly grimaced. “I was wondering if you would consider selling her?”
“Hmm, well you see, I was really looking forward to Megan this weekend. I’ve been building up my hunger and desire for her so that the experience will be that much more special.”
Elsie tried to hide her shiver with a shift on her chair and thought what a fitting end this grotesque Vampire would have been for Megan…damn it! “You see, I’ve just recently purchased a human man, and he is constantly talking about a female human that he has been in love with for years, or some nonsense like that. My Vampire partner and I were thinking how nice it would be for us, as a couple, to experience two kills simultaneously with two humans that are in love!” Elsie paused, hoping her fabrication connected with Quarterton in a way that he could relate to.
“How delightful! I’m always looking for new and fresh ways to spice up my kills. Why just last week, I made four kills in one day. Well, three and a half anyway. I couldn’t quite finish off the last one, so she lingered for a bit…but still a record for me.”
Elsie shuddered at the gluttonous deed. “Wow, that’s amazing. I wish I could do that. So, what do you think? Would you be willing to give her up for a good cause?”
“I admire your inventiveness, but she really is a lovely girl and to be honest with you, I don’t know how I’ve resisted this long.”
“What if I buy you three other pretty girls to replace her?”
“My, you really must want her. Three, plus what I paid for Megan…and you pay for all of the pick-up, delivery and transfer paperwork. And they must be from the Blood Shop. No bargain basement blood.”
Elsie’s face reddened, but in a calm voice, “All right, it’s a deal. I’ll arrange everything. Thank you for being so-reasonable.”
“Oh, it’s my pleasure. Anything for love…I’m just a big softie.”
“Yes, yes you are. Thanks again, Mr. Quarterton.”
Elsie disconnected, immediately jumped to her feet and performed the Quarterton, shudder, shiver, creep me out dance, which included wiping imaginary bugs from her arms.
“Oh, my, blood, I think his stink oozed through the phone!”

Chapter 5
The Happy Home
Elsie’s father sat on her couch and listened to the latest news. “So, you bought Megan, too? This really is becoming a dysfunctional household. How can you afford all of this blood-stock that isn’t-blood-stock”
“I had to dip into my savings and built a totally self-contained apartment within the house, but it’s only temporary.”
“Hopefully not decades temporary. Are you concerned about them getting together while you’re out? I still can’t believe you’ve done all this.”
Elsie scowled. “Margaret and Christopher are under strict orders not to let Drake see Megan. Drake was grateful and kept his word to become a cordial companion. We even go out together.” Elsie finished with a demure look.
Fleck raised his eyebrows then slightly grimaced.
Elsie caught the expression. “Yes, I know. But I don’t care what other people think. And it is getting more common-place you must admit.”
“Not for older, more established Vampires it’s not.”
Elsie looked annoyed now. “Well, it should be. Why, in the name of crimson is it okay for Vampire men to parade their next kill out in public? To show all their buddies, and even trade sometimes…and it not be okay for a Vampire woman to be escorted out for an evening with a human man. It’s a double standard and you know it is.”
“I know it is, but it’s always been that way and for good reason; women are more susceptible to getting attached. A thousand years of history have proven that and you’re up to your fangs in it right now.”
Elsie smiled. “Don’t worry, Dad, I know what I’m doing.”
Fleck sat back. “And Drake is just taking your word that you bought Megan?”
Elsie huffed. “No, unfortunately not; he’s been pestering me for days to see her to make sure she’s fine. He’s driving me crazy, actually.”
***
“How do I know you really bought her. You could have just told me that to get me in line.” Drake sat on the edge of the bed, black hair neatly in place, sharply matching a lustrous black tux and polished, black shoes.
Elsie stood at the dresser and clasped on her earrings. The faceted gold and stones flashed as she turned to speak. “I wish you wouldn’t use that term. I want you to want to do things with me”
“And I do, but I just need some verification that she is alive. I need to see her.”
“Oh my blood, you’re driving me crazy with this.”
Drake smiled that smile that made Elsie putty in his hands. “You know I’m committed to you sweetheart. I just consider her an old friend now and need to know that she’s safe. That was a part of the original deal, remember, that I know she’s safe. I need verify it by seeing her for a few minutes. I swear to you, there’s nothing more to it.”
Elsie rolled her eyes as she straightened her shimmering black shawl. “I’ll think about it. Now, can we just go out and have a good time with no more talk of her.”
“Of course, sweetheart. I just hope there aren’t too many gawkers tonight.” Drake shook his head.
“I’ve told you, just ignore them. They’re all just jealous, anyway. Well, the women are jealous…the men are just pissed.” She smiled. “Come on, let’s go or we’ll be late.”
Elsie lead the way to a human approved area, required when escorting a human man to the theatre. Human women were permitted in the general assembly, though. Drake looked around at the few other human men in the small area. He nodded to them. He noticed that all were very handsome young men and the Vampire women with them, glittered with wealth. The play was a little beyond Drake’s years of experience: a comedy, all about a Vampire couple who have been together for almost 500 years.
Once the evening was done they went home. As they changed out of their evening-wear, Drake noticed Elsie looking at him passionately. “I wish you wouldn’t do that.”
Elsie smiled and looked away. “I’m sorry. It’s just so difficult; I love spending time with you but because you’re human…I also see you in a different way.”
“Like your next meal?”
Elsie blushed slightly. “Well, I do need to feed. And being this close to you all evening has definitely heightened that desire.”
Drake shook his head. “Well, before you go, I need to talk to you about Megan again.”
Elsie threw her arms in the air. “Oh, my blood, Drake, I can’t take this incessant pestering!”
“You know it was part of the original deal-and I’ve lived up to my end of the bargain. I just need to see, for myself, that she’s okay…that’s all.”
Elsie threw her jewelry into their plush little drawers and stomped around the room, slamming cabinet doors and muttering to herself. “You know, you’re spoiling a perfect evening with this!”
Drake spoke softly as he hung up his jacket and threw his white dress shirt into the laundry hamper, “I’m sorry, honey, it’s just a formality…you know I’m devoted to you,” Drake forced the caressing words out.
Drake stood, bare-chested, the soft lamp light accentuating the peaks and valleys of his form, his narrow hips in sharp contrast to his broad shoulders.
Elsie, softened by his words and soothing tone visibly slumped. She looked up at that beautiful face that she fell in love and remembered the beaming young boy with boundless energy. “All right, all right, but only for a few minutes, and never again.”
Drake tried to hide his delight. “That’s fine, thanks Elsie. When will you arrange it?”
Elsie thought for a moment. “I have to leave the house for awhile tomorrow. I’ll tell Margaret and Christopher to set it up. I don’t even want to be in the house when it happens. And just remember-she’s only alive because I made it that way, and I can change that in a heartbeat. Now, not another word about it…ever.”
Drake smiled and felt his mood lift.
Elsie stomped downstairs and into the servant’s lounge where she found Christopher and Margaret watching T.V. Margaret paused a show about a serial killer Vampire being hunted by the law.
“I don’t know why you watch this program, it’s so unrealistic. They catch these Vampire killers almost immediately.”
“I know, but they’re interesting.” Margaret forced a smile.
“I want you to set up a meeting between Drake and Megan.”
Margaret and Christopher tried to hide their surprise.
“No more than 15 minutes, and never leave them alone. I’ll be leaving for the office at around 9…so, soon after that. Understood?”
“Yes, of course, Miss. Fleck,” Margaret replied and Christopher nodded.
“Christopher!” Elsie said sharply.
Christopher sat upright immediately.
“Bring the one that came in on Friday; the tall dark haired one.”
“Yes, Miss Fleck,” he sprung to his feet and went to fetch the recent purchase.
Elsie had bought him online at a fairly good price for the quality of the stock. Although the man had pleasant features, he hadn’t sold for 10 days and was therefore discounted.
“Nelson?”
The tallest of the three men in the room looked up.
“Come with me please.” Christopher said.
The three men exchanged glances. The tall young man stretched his long, lean, almost skinny body out the chair and walked slowly over to Christopher who smiled re-assuringly at Nelson.
Christopher locked the door of the chamber behind him and led Nelson through the house.
“The other two say that when you take someone from the apartment…they never come back.”
Christopher smiled up at the man. “Don’t worry. That room is just a holding area until Miss Fleck decides where she can use you in her business.”
“Why all of the secrecy then-and what kind of business is it?”
“Miss. Fleck will let you know; we’re going to see her now.”
“And what about all of this talk about my blood enriching the life of another; am I going to die?”
Christopher cursed the carelessness of the blood vendors. Their lack of attention to the details made his job more difficult. He gripped the tranquilizing jab in his pocket, just in case.
“Don’t worry, Nelson, it’s just an interview.”…with a Vampire, Christopher thought, sardonically.
Christopher opened the door to a room that appeared larger than it was because of the scarcity of furniture, and what there was, wasn’t very plush. Most of the rooms in the house were carpeted, but a burning fire place at the far end of the room reflected off of a gleaming tile floor.
“Miss. Fleck will be with you in a few minutes,” Christopher said before leaving the room and closing the door behind him.
Nelson tried the door, but it was locked. Contributing to the house guest’s trepidation, was the fact that you needed a key to get in and out of rooms in this house. He sat in on one of the hard chairs and fidgeted. A few minutes later Elsie entered the room. Nelson immediately stood up.
“Good day, Nelson, my name is Miss. Fleck.” Elsie extended her hand and tried to look pleasant. “My, you are a tall one.” Elsie felt the warmth of his hand and felt a surge of desire. Nelson’s neck was so long, like a sweeping playground.
“Wow, your hands are so cold,” Nelson commented, and immediately thought maybe he shouldn’t have mentioned it.
Elsie used her stock answer, “Oh, I was just rooting around in the freezer for something.”
Her eyes migrated up his neck, to his sparkling blue eyes. Elsie felt a combination of feelings swirl in her body and mind. The intense need for sustenance had been there all night. Elsie had enjoyed feeling that need intensified to a near fever pitch by Drake’s presence throughout the evening, but now she was a confused bundle of emotions: the first and strongest was her love for Drake, and the second was a deep gnawing sexual desire that could only be quenched by feeding. But, the frustration she and all Vampire women had, who had made the mistake of falling in love with a human, is that she could not fulfill her desire for the man she loved. The presence of a warm human man now seemed to bring out more of the anger she was feeling by the predicament the Great Edict had presented her with. Elsie’s eyes met with Nelson’s. Her penetrating gaze caught Nelson off guard and he looked away. Elsie didn’t have the energy for the hypnotizing game. Like so many Vampires, she was lazy and didn’t have the patience for it.
“Could I offer you something cool and refreshing to drink before we get started?” Elsie asked already turning towards a refrigerator.
“Umm, yeah sure. Whatever you have is fine.” Nelson seemed to relax a little.
Elsie handed him a glass of fruit juice, spiked with a scientifically enhanced and more potent version of Elsie’s own inherent venom, mixed additionally, with a chemical to maximize the victim’s blood flow.
Beckoning Nelson to take a seat, Elsie stalked slowly around him as she spoke. Her hunger intensified with each passing moment. Nelson’s shoulders relaxed and his eyelids drooped. His head fell onto the back of the couch, exposing the long, inviting feeding site. The vein was plump and coursing.
Leaning over, Elsie felt the warmth of his flesh and anticipated Nelson’s blood surging through her fangs and the brain rush that made feeding so pleasurable. She felt her fangs swell in her mouth. “My blood, I’m going to rip your throat out,” she whispered.
The thought of what was flowing beyond that thin layer of flesh was as far as Elsie could push her desire. Her expression went from longing to anger in a flash and Elsie snarled her fangs free, ripping into Nelson’s throat. The anger was apparent as she recklessly tore at his gullet, not caring about wasting any of the fluid she had only moments before declared, precious.
The room was a mess when Christopher came to clean it up. Blood was splattered everywhere within 5 feet of Nelson’s body. Christopher shook his head. “What a waste. She got more on the floor than in her body.” He felt his fangs pulse and looked around. Bending down to Nelson’s corpse aroused him even more and his teeth extended to their full length. Christopher took one last peek, then dipped his mouth into the gaping wound. He couldn’t afford such fine stock himself, but he constantly admired the men that came into the household. A little stale blood from prime stock was a bonus for him. A little bit just to peak his appetite and intensify his craving. After wiping his mouth with one of his cleaning towels, Christopher washed and cleaned the floor and furniture. With the help of a mechanized lift he rolled Nelson’s corpse over to the disposal chute and dumped the body. The carcass banged and thudded down the shaft until it landed on top of the last of Elsie’s victims in the refrigerated container at the rear of the house.
***
When Elsie returned to her bedroom, Drake knew that she had just fed. It wasn’t just her color that had changed, but her mood. She was less surly, and Drake felt much more at ease. He always feared that when she pushed her desire too far, as she did tonight, that she would lose her self control and feed from him. It was difficult falling asleep beside her sometimes. But he had long ago resigned himself to his fate and realized, at any moment he could be Elsie’s next feed. If it happened, Drake knew Elsie would regret her lapse in self control, but that didn’t help reduce his worry; knowing she just fed was the only thing that eased his mind.
Not a word was spoken the next morning when Elsie and Drake got up. Drake almost thanked Elsie for arranging the meeting with Megan, but wisely, thought better of it. As soon as Elsie left the house, Drake bounded down the stairs in search of Christopher. It’s funny how the mood instantly lifted as soon as Elsie left the house. Christopher heard Drake pounding down the stairs and playfully ran to hide. Margaret shook her head at his antics, but also was relieved to feel the mood lighten.
“Margaret, where’s Christopher?”
“He ran off that way when he heard you coming.”
“Butt head. He can’t get away from me, especially on such an important day.”
Margaret stopped Drake for a moment. “Drake. Do I need to caution you about this.”
“No, I understand that it’s only a brief meeting, and it may be the last of its kind, but right now, I’m excited about seeing her again and nothing can dampen my mood. Not even you, ya sourpuss. Drake planted a kiss on Margaret’s cheek and her serious expression softened as quickly as her cheeks flushed pink. Margaret liked Drake immensely; he brought a charm and lighter mood to the household. She often thought that if she was ever given the opportunity to feed from him, even though she was very physically attracted to him, she wouldn’t be able to…he was just too loveable.
As Drake took off in search of childish Christopher; Margaret’s warm smile contented her as she went back to her kitchen tasks.
“Christopher! Where are you, ya big turd head. You’re annoying, you know that, right?”
Christopher giggled and bolted off down a hallway in an awkward looking, tip toed sprint.
“Christopher, you know I’m going to pummel you when I find you.”
Christopher had ducked into a side room. He waited until just the right moment, then stepped on an otherwise annoying squeaky floor board, then ducked behind some furniture. Drake instantly responded and sprung into the room.
“I know you’re in here Christopher. Come on man, you know this is a big day for me.”
Drake saw the tips of Christopher’s shoes wiggling in unison to his muffled laughter.
“Christopher, I see your big feet, man.”
All of Christopher’s pent up excitement came out in one big guffaw and he sprang out of his hiding spot, startling Drake with a loud shout.
“Christopher, you’re crazy, man.”
Christopher loved that Drake called him, man. All he ever heard from his Vampire peers was derogatory terms about his sexual preference. He sometimes wondered if Drake’s attitude would have changed if he had been transformed. Christopher liked to think not.
Walking slowly and sheepishly over to Drake, he tensed up for a mock thumping.
“Now let’s get serious, Christopher. This is a big day for me. When can we do this?”
Christopher tried to change his silly expression into something more serious. “Well, you see, I have many chores to do first, you know. I need to…”
“You’ll also need to recover from me, beating the pulp out of you.”
Christopher smiled. He didn’t know why, but it made him feel good to elicit young love…and he adored Drake. “Now if you like.”
“Thanks Christopher. What do we do?”
“Follow me. We’ll go directly to her apartment.”
Drake felt his excitement ramp up. “Does she know I’m coming?”
“Of course-she ‘d kill me if I hadn’t given her advanced notice. You know women, they always have to look their best.” Christopher winked.
Megan’s apartment was downstairs on the first floor of the three story house. Elsie seldom went down there. Most of the rooms were used for storage of blood stock. Drake followed Christopher down feeling his heart thump in his chest. He hadn’t seen Megan for two months. Christopher opened a heavy metal outer door with a key and then knocked on the inner door. “It’s Christopher!”

Megan jumped to the door and opened it with a swoosh. Flinging herself into Drake’s arms she sobbed uncontrollably.
“It’s okay, it’s okay. Everything will be fine now.”
Drake kissed the top of her head in rapid fire succession as she clung desperately to him.
She looked up finally. “Oh Drake, I’ve missed you so much.”
Christopher was moved to tears and he suddenly felt like an intruder on a private and intimate moment. “I’m not supposed to leave you two unsupervised, but I don’t really see any harm in it. And, Miss Fleck has instructed me to leave you together for only fifteen minutes…I’ll be back in about an hour,” he said, placing his index finger to his pursed lips.
Drake looked at him affectionately. “Thanks buddy, I owe you one.”
Christopher smiled warmly and left them alone, locking the door behind him. He felt a confusion of emotions as he walked away.
“I must look such a mess,” Megan said, straightening her hair and wiping her cheeks as she pulled Drake into her apartment.
“You look just fine to me.” Drake stopped, and pulled her back to him, looking deep into Megan’s eyes, before kissing her passionately.
Megan melted into Drake’s arms, and months of pent up passion and emotion were uncontrollably released.
***
Christopher walked into the kitchen where Margaret prepared meals for Elsie’s blood stock.
“That was fast-how did it go?”
“He’s still down there.”
Margaret stopped what she was doing and spun around to face him. “What! Are you crazy? Miss. Fleck distinctly stated that she wanted you there throughout the entire 15 minutes. How long has it been?”
Christopher nonchalantly filled a glass with water and took a sip. “About 45 minutes. I said I’d be back in an hour.”
Margaret put her hands on her hips and scowled. “You idiot, Christopher, what if Miss. Fleck comes home. You know she wouldn’t stand for this, when she gave explicit instructions…especially in this matter.”
“Oh, they’ll be fine. What trouble could they possibly get into; after all, they’re locked up. And they’re in love. Fifteen minutes just seems too brief. I feel sorry for them.”
“You can’t start feeling sorry for humans-it will only get you into trouble. And what if Megan gets pregnant from this little unsupervised liaison? Then Miss. Fleck will know that you disobeyed her wishes.”
Christopher’s eyes opened wide. “I didn’t think of that. But Drake told me that when he and Megan were paired as breeders that they decided not to have children, so I can’t see that having changed.”
“All right, but it’s your job that’s at risk, not mine,” Margaret said as she turned back to her duties.

Chapter 6
Transformation
Time passed and Elsie got a new job in the breeding and research area. She passed by the breeding lab occasionally. The aging process in humans, both fascinated and repulsed her. Working only with young humans for so long had closed her mind to the certainty. Dwelling on it didn’t help, she realized, but the thought kept creeping back into her head. In a couple of short decades Drake would start to lose his youthful good looks and vitality. In 30 years he would likely look old-she had seen some of the before and after pictures. Sure, some of the older men still looked handsome and distinguished, but most, even the ones who had been attractive when youthful, looked old and fat. She regarded feeding from handsome older looking men a kind of a fetish for the rich, having never considered it herself as an indulgence. It was a risky and expensive venture to raise a human for an extended amount of time in the hopes that he would age gracefully. The business risk drove the price up, and in Elsie’s estimation it was far too expensive when there was so much young blood available at a better price. She wondered if Drake would age well. But regardless, Drake would get old and die. There has to be a way; Elsie’s clever mind, fuelled by desperation, formulated a plan to halt this inevitability.
***
Tasha Sanders sat in her office, working on some quarterly reports. Her duties had diminished since The Great Edict, but because of all the staff cutbacks, her workload was still enough for her to keep her job. Her mind strayed from her work to the young man she had just purchased the day before, when the approaching sound of heels broke her train of thought.
“Hello, Tash. Got a few minutes?”
“Elsie! This is a nice surprise. What brings you to this ghost floor otherwise known as The Transformation Department.”
Elsie laughed. “I know, eh. I guess we’re lucky to still have jobs.”
“An intensely boring job, now, but yeah, at least it still pays the bills, and I can still afford pretty attractive blood stock. That’s the main thing.”
Elsie laughed again, a little awkwardly this time. “Yeah, I know what you mean; it’s getting so expensive just to survive these days.”
Tasha recognized the unusual uneasiness in Elsie’s demeanor. “So what’s up, my good friend? Something to do with Drake, I’m guessing.”
Elsie smiled and looked downwards. “I need a huge favor, Tash.”
“Oh oh, this sounds serious.”
“I’ve been visiting the aging labs, and looking up pictures on the aging process,” Elsie began.
Tasha shook her head. “Silly girl. Why torture yourself. My advice is to just enjoy Drake’s company for a few years and then feed off him before he gets too old.”
“But I don’t want him to get old, I want us to be together, forever.”
Tasha frowned. “You mentioned a huge favor. Now would be the time to spring it on me.”
“Why couldn’t we just convert him?” Elsie shrugged her shoulders irreverently.
“An illegal transformation…are you crazy?”
“I know, I know-it is crazy, but I love him so much, Tasha. I just can’t bear the thought of watching him wither away into an old man. It would kill me.”
“I told you not to get attached to him. They warn us from day one, ‘Do not get emotionally involved with a human.’ And what do you do…you get hooked on Drake.”
“I know, I know. But in my defense, I was sure he was going to be converted, so I allowed myself to fall in love with him. If they hadn’t of repealed the policy, everything would be fine, or at least if they had of made an exception for Drake. It’s such a shame to lose such a brilliant prospect.”
“You know we could go to jail for that. I don’t even know what the penalty would be. I don’t think it’s ever happened before, and I don’t think anyone has ever even considered it as a possibility.”
Elsie perked up in her chair. “That’s just it-no one would be the wiser, if it’s not even something that they’ve ever considered happening.”
Tasha looked intently at Elsie’s pitiful, pleading expression.
“I know it’s a huge favor to ask, but I’m desperate.” Elsie finally lost her composure and broke down. “Tash, you’re my best friend; we’ve known each other for almost 200 years. Please, please help on this one.”
“Oh my blood, Elsie, you’ve really got it bad.”
“I know, it’s eating me up inside. Please, Tash. I’m begging you.”
“But, what if after all that he doesn’t want to be with you? You said he’s in love with another human…a human you have living under the same roof, for the love of crimson.”
“But she’ll grow old. I’ll wait for him. I saved both of their lives; he’ll be grateful.”
“So, Drake’s agreed to this?”
Elsie looked down. “No.”
“You said he hates us. How are you going to convince him?”
“I’m not. I’m going to do it without his consent.”
Tasha’s eyes widened. “You’re crazy-you know that?”
Elsie wiped a tear. “I’m desperate, that’s what I am.”
“How are you planning on achieving this misguided scheme?”
Elsie’s expression brightened. “Well, it wouldn’t be that hard, really. I could just bring him here using some excuse, he wouldn’t be suspicious. Once I have him here, I can paralyze him and then you can do the surgical procedure. I’ll be the donor of course.”
“Oh, you’ll love that,” Tasha said.
Elsie smiled. “The floor isn’t busy anymore, and now that the Government has suspended transformations, they don’t really keep track of inventory. And like we already discussed; officials haven’t even considered this as a possibility. There’s a good chance we could get away with it. And if I did get caught, I promise on the very blood in my veins that I wouldn’t implicate you in any way.” Elsie finished with a piercing pleading gaze.
Tasha shook her head and scowled. “You know, we won’t be able to register him. He won’t exist.”
“All the better. He won’t need to exist - I’ll look after all his needs. And I’m sure with my contacts, I could create an identity in the DNA base for Drake. Please, Tasha.”
“And what if he squeals? He’s going to hate us that much.”
“He’ll still be confined to the house, of course. He’ll be fine once he feeds a few times.”
Tasha winced a little. “When were you planning on doing this?”
Elsie’s eyes opened wide. “Tomorrow would be a good day. It’s Saturday. No one will be in the building. What do you think?”
“How is your timing, as far as your feeding schedule?”
“I planned for it, I’m prepared physically for it. I’m ready.” Elsie was virtually vibrating on the edge of her chair.
“I can’t believe that I’m about to agree to this mad scheme. Have you considered after? What if he hates you for what you’ve done to him? Are you prepared for that?”
“I’ll deal with that later. I’ve got eternity to change his mind.”
“And, eternity to spend in jail.”
“How much time would they actually give me if it came to that. After all, there isn’t even a law on the books for it.”
“For the love of scarlet, I can’t believe I’m going to go along with this crazy scheme.”
Elsie beamed.
“But, I’m a sucker for a good love story-no matter how ill-advised, or ill fated.” Tasha smiled.
“Thank you so much, Tash. I owe you big time for this one.”
“Yes you do, and believe me, I’ll never let you forget it. When do you want to do it? I would advise really early in the morning.”
“That’s what I thought, too.”
***
Drake was always glad to help Elsie out whenever he could. He was extremely glad to still be alive, and so relieved that Megan was still with him. Every time he thought of Megan, safe and under the same roof, every other horror was somehow easier to deal with. And it was part of this macabre deal that he had made with Elsie. Drake dozed in the passenger seat of Elsie’s car.
“Sorry it’s so early honey. It won’t take us too long.”
“I asked you not to call me honey,” Drake mumbled.
“It’s a term of endearment; I can’t understand why you would object to that.”
Drake cracked open his eyelids and looked sideways through the blurry opening. “It makes it sound like you think of my blood as, the sweet taste of honey.”
Elsie smiled. She felt good about this. The possible consequences meant nothing. It was going to happen…it had to happen. It was a total injustice not to do it-personally and to the people of the Empire. Elsie’s thoughts strayed to the procedure and allowed herself a sensuous glimpse of herself latched onto Drake’s neck. A quiver migrated up her spine, and she gave her head a shake to vacate the intense vision.
“We’re here. Wakey, wakey, sleepy bones.”
The parking lot was empty except for Tasha’s car. Elsie looked up at the security camera and felt a rush. She hadn’t considered that. She hoped Tasha hadn’t noticed as well and had a change of heart.
“Those are some of the cabinets we need to move, and there’s the cart. I’ll go track down Tasha and see where she wants them. Prepare one of them while I find her.”
She found Tasha in her office. “Ready?” Elsie asked hopefully.
“Yep. Everything in the lab is ready. How do you want to do this.”
Elsie relaxed. “He’s in the lobby waiting. When he leans over to do something, hit him with the sedative. It’s fast acting, right?”
“Instant. I put a gurney in the lobby. We can wheel him down on that,” Tasha talked as she walked. “Did you notice the security camera outside?”
“Yes. I didn’t even think of that. Thank goodness there aren’t any inside, right?”
“Do you think we’d even be here right now if there was?”
“Good morning, Drake. It’s nice to see you again. Thanks for coming down to help me out; I really appreciate it.”
Drake smiled sleepily. “No problem.”
“Drake is always so good to help me out,” Elsie said.
“So let’s start with the one you have ready to go, obviously.” Tasha looked over at Elsie and raised her eyebrows. Drake really was a beautiful human specimen; what an exciting feed he would be. Tasha waited for the right moment, nonchalantly walked behind Drake and sedated him with a quick jab to his glute-then took charge, “Let’s roll him onto the operating table, face up. Then I’ll hook you up to him so that the blood you take from him gets recycled back into his body. You’ll need to continue feeding for usually about 20 minutes. Everybody is different in regards to how fast they react, but I am monitoring his blood mixture ratio as we go. If you need a break let me know; it’s a long time to feed. I’ll inject him with the anti-rejection serum as soon as you’re done. It’ll be rapture at first, but believe me, it will become work after ten or fifteen minutes.”
“A labor of love,” Elsie cooed.
Tasha glanced over. “Uh, huhh.”
Tasha performed her tasks quickly and precisely, while Elsie stood to the side, trying to remain calm.
“Okay baby girl, he’s all yours; enjoy yourself.” Tasha stepped aside.
Elsie felt a pang of relief, but it was quickly outshined by the passion that was engulfing her body. She wavered.
Tasha steadied her friend. “Here, let me help you. Wow, you’ve really got it bad.”
Elsie smiled, a little embarrassed, but instantly dismissed it. She looked at Drake’s beautiful young face. “He’ll stay this way forever now.” She paused a moment, then slowly bent down to Drake’s neck. Her needle sharp fangs expertly pierced his flesh and her drips of paralyzing fluid trickled into the wounds. Elsie felt the rapture that she had been dreaming of for years as Drake’s nutrient rich blood rushed through her fangs directly into her brain. Elsie’s body momentarily went rigid then slowly relaxed.
Tasha felt a twinge of jealousy, looking at Elsie’s rapture stricken expression, but soon got to task and hooked Elsie up to Drake. The blood mixture shot through the tube, into Drake’s circulatory system. Tasha looked around a little nervously. She extracted two of Drake’s teeth and replaced them with hollow fangs, drilling and attaching them directly to the blood supply for the brain.
Tasha was right, over 10 minutes was a long time to feed and Elsie’s jaw began to fatigue, but she was determined to finish in one go. She knew Tasha would be anxious to finish quickly. The final 5 minutes seemed like an eternity to Elsie.
“Good girl-you can do it,” Tash urged her friend on. “We’re at 97 percent; just a couple more minutes.”
Feeling lifted by the figure, Elsie put on a surge and was relieved to feel Tasha’s hand on her shoulder.
“Okay, you’re done.” Tasha quickly unhooked the tubing between the two.
Elsie rolled off Drake and stood on shaky legs, while Tasha injected Drake with the anti-rejection drug.
“Now, I just need to finish fitting the teeth and the fluid sacs and we’re done. Sit down before you fall down.”
Elsie sighed deeply and contentedly. “Wow-wow-wow! Tasha, that was amazing. I mean, I knew it would be, but it completely exceeded my expectations. The first 10 minutes were incredible.”
“And the last several?”
Elsie looked up and smirked. “Torture-just like you said.”
“Now we’ll bring him around and let him acclimatize and recover for about an hour…hopefully quicker. We’ll observe him and engage him as much as possible to make him more alert. Everything went smoothly. I don’t foresee any complications, at least any physical ones. You’ll have to deal with the rest.”
Elsie closed her eyes and sighed. “Gladly. Even if it takes a century for him to come around…I can wait.”
“He’s coming out of it. He’ll be groggy for a bit but as he gets his wits about him, he’ll realize that his senses are heightened. Remember when you were first initiated?” Tasha asked.
A faraway look came across Elsie’s face. “Like it was yesterday. I felt so vibrant and alive and full of energy. I had the feeling I could accomplish anything. And I had the ambition to do it. The first time I hungered for the kill was a difficult time though. I felt it coming on for days. But my father starved me so much before my first kill that I thought I would kill someone.”
Tasha laughed. “Yeah, I know what you mean. My first kill was over 200 years ago but I remember it well. He was so beautiful. I got to pick him myself, and my donor spared no expense. I wanted him so badly, but I was afraid to kill him. Not because I didn’t want to kill, but because I didn’t want him to die and leave me. I wanted to keep him. My donor recognized my dilemma and took me to a few top quality blood auctions, just to show me the constant flow of available men. He told me that I would have an eternity of beautiful men. But the final straw was the desperate need to feed that was constantly building within. I finally gave in and the experience was overwhelmingly incredible. It was like two desires being quenched at once. I admit that I felt depressed, like I had lost something. But that soon passed when the hunger for another kill swelled and needed to be quenched. I learned that they are all beautiful in their own way and that I could have a new, fresh kill every week. I have often thought that certain individuals would make good Vampire partners but I accepted that they were not chosen for conversion. And, there are lots of Vampire men out there that would make good mates. I just have to find one,” Tasha said with a glint in her eye. “He’s coming around. Hello Drake, how are you feeling?”
Drake blinked hard as he focused his eyes. “Whoa, I feel weird.”
Elsie and Tasha exchanged glances.
“Did I pass out?”
“Something like that. I’ll explain at home.”
“Try to sit up,” Tasha instructed, and she and Elsie assisted Drake.
“My neck hurts.” Drake’s hand went to the bandaged wound on his neck and he noticed the gauze on his wrist as well. “What the hell? What have you done to me?” he roared.
“I told you, I’ll explain at home.”
“You’ll explain now!” Drake’s eyes lit up with comprehension. “You didn’t!” Drake probed the two women’s faces and waited a moment for them to contradict his suspicion- but, it was not forthcoming. “You couldn’t have.”
Tasha looked at Elsie and stepped away.
“Yes, we converted you, but for your own good and for the good of The Empire,” Elsie said . “They made a huge mistake, not making an exception for you; the society needs you, and now you’ll live forever. Can’t you see it’s for the best?”
Drake shook his head in disgust. “No. I can’t believe you did this to me! You know I hate what you are.”
“I’ve told you before; you’ve always had to kill to survive. The killing will just be a little different now.”
“How could you do this without my consent?”
“Because you never would have consented to it.” Elsie’s eyes teared up and her voice cracked. “I saved you from the auction block. I saved Megan as well. Do you know how hard that was for me, and to have her living in the same house, knowing that you love her and not me. You’d both be dead now if it wasn’t for me.”
“I’d rather be dead than…this!”
“I know how you feel, but trust me; you’ll get used to it. It is the nature of things in the dome. It’s been that way for 1000 years, and you can now be a part of its glory, for as long as you choose to embrace it.”
“Change me back.”
Tasha stepped in. “There is no way to change you back. You either adapt, or you die.”
“Then I’ll die. Take me home.”
Elsie wiped the tears from her cheeks and helped him to his feet.
Tasha took Drake’s other arm. “Be careful, you’re bound to be a little woozy. He’ll be fine, just take it easy for a couple of hours.” Tasha threw a brief smile Elsie’s way.
“Thanks Tash, I’ll let you know how it’s going.”

Chapter 7
First Kill
Drake moped around the house for a few days. His appetite for food was gone. He wondered what happened to all of the now obsolete digestive functions within his body. As the days passed, Drake became aware of an emerging hunger. It wasn’t what he was used to when his stomach used to growl just before dinner…no, this was subtle at first, but steadily growing. And the feeling was different. It was hard for him to put his finger on it, as the feelings were similar to what they had been before, but confusingly different. It wasn’t just the need for food anymore; it was a mixture of a desire to satisfy a need for sustenance combined with the need to fulfill a sexual desire. Elsie purposely left current flyers of blood stock laying about the house. Ignoring them at first, Drake felt the allure of them tempting him more frequently. He saw Christopher exchanging them one day.
“Did Elsie tell you to do that?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Why do you call me sir now, Christopher?”
“Because, now you are master of the house.”
“Master of the house?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m still the same guy…well maybe not…obviously not.”
“Exactly, sir.”
“What have you and Margaret been told?”
“We know that you are now a Vampire, and we also know that the Great Edict was passed months ago, so conversions are not being done. Elsie swore us to secrecy and we have agreed. Not because we feel a devotion to her, but she has pointed out that if she’s caught, we will lose our comfortable jobs, and you may lose your life. Margaret and I are pleased that you are a Vampire now.” Christopher looked at his friend and Drake shook his head. Christopher continued: “Miss Elsie will be happier and you’ll be a part of the household for a very long time. You’ll see-it’s not so bad. You’ll be able to make sure Megan is well cared for the rest of her life.”
“Yes, but what kind of life.”
“I understand the way you feel, but try to make the best of it. I personally think you’re kind of lucky.”
Drake’s brow tightened up.
Christopher finished his thought, “You’ve fallen into a pretty comfortable life for yourself. I know you don’t see it that way, but it’s true.”
Drake just looked down and shook his head in response. His gaze landed on the freshly placed flyer from The Blood Shop, the front page adorned with lovely young women, all revealing the shapely, subtle curvature of their shoulder and neckline. He felt his gums swell and sting around his new fangs. The throbbing pain had subsided, but when aroused, and his fangs began to extend, a sharp twinge of pain always followed. More and more, these images were the catalyst to his ever building desire. With his eyes still on the flyer, Drake surveyed every delicate rise and fall of the alluring neck-lines. Jerking his head up, Drake shot a look of disgust towards Christopher and briskly walked off.
Christopher watched Drake walk away and felt sympathy for him. He noticed that the floors would need to be polished again. Miss Fleck loved her hardwood to gleam.
The kitchen was in a bit of disarray when Christopher walked in. He commented on it as he threw the expired flyers into a half full bin. “Whoa, cooking for an army?”
Margaret turned and purposefully put her hands on her hips. “She’s went and bought four more. So that’s four more mouths to feed. One is a woman.” She raised her eyebrows. “Actually, I haven’t seen her this happy, in years.”
“Yeah, in between then and now it’s been misery. Thanks goodness for, Drake.”
Margaret laughed. “Have you seen him at all? Now that he’s not eating human food, I never see him. I kind of miss him.”
“He’s pretty depressed, and starving, and feeling lost. It’s hard for me to look back that far, but I think I may have felt a pang of guilt after my first few kills. But that soon passed, as it will for Drake.”
“You think so? I think he may starve himself to death before he kills.”
“I don’t think that’s even possible,” Christopher said.
“I hope you’re right. It would certainly brighten up the household on so many levels if Drake would only come around. Do you have time to give me a hand?”
“I guess so,” Christopher said, grimacing slightly. “Oop, there’s the door.”
“It better not be another Blood Shop delivery. Come right back,” Margaret yelled after Christopher as he ran out of the room.
“Oh, hello Miss Sanders. Is Miss Fleck expecting you?”
“Yes she is. How are things Christopher?”
“Not bad. The household is in a little disarray right now.”
“Oh, how so?” Tasha said as she walked towards the living room.
“Oh it’s just Mr.-I mean Drake has been in a bit of a depressed state lately.”
Tasha sat down and made herself comfortable as Christopher followed behind. “Oh? That’s surprising; Elsie seems to be in such a good mood lately.”
“She is. It’s just Drake. I guess he’s just depressed about something. I’ll tell Miss Fleck you are here.” Christopher smiled and beat a hasty retreat.
Elsie came in and greeted Tasha.
“So, do you think Christopher and Margaret can keep quiet about this? I just grilled Christopher a bit and he did pretty well. Thanks for keeping my name out of it.”
“I promised I would. And yes I think they’ll be fine. As time goes on they’ll forget about this and just accept it. They enjoy Drake’s company and now that he’s one of us, it will be even easier for them to relate to him.”
“And what about Drake, how is he adapting?”
“Not well, I’m afraid. But statistics show that fresh converts who show reluctance to make their first kill, seldom, if ever, starve themselves to death.”
“You’re probably right.”
“What about afterwards, when the feeling of guilt will crush him; are you ready for that?”
“Don’t forget that it was once part of my job, to help new converts settle into Vampire society. Some of them start off quite rough, but I’ve never lost one.”
“Yes, but you didn’t have to live with any of them,” Tasha pointed out.
“I can deal with it.” Elsie’s expression suddenly brightened. “I finally bought one.”
“One, what?”
“Drake’s first.”
“You finally settled on one?”
“Well, it was hard. I want him to want her obviously, but I also feel a little jealous if he wants her. Do you know what I mean?”
“Yes, I know what you mean. It’s a curse to be jealous of humans of the same gender. That’s why so many Vampires prefer to be single. I don’t know how they can go for eternity without a companion though. Well anyway, that’s good you finally picked one. Wednesday will be good timing. The conversion will be complete by then. Is he showing any signs of giving in to his craving?”
“I’ve left lots of blood shop flyers around the house. It’s weird to have flyers for human women. They’ve never come into the house before.”
“I know you’ve probably already thought this, but had you considered Megan? It would kill two birds with one stone.”
“Yes, I definitely considered it, but I think it’s too early. Hopefully sometime in the future though; if she’s even desirable by then.” Elsie smiled wickedly. “You know what I want to try…a couple kill.”
“Oh, you dirty girl. I think just getting him to feed on his own for the first time will be a challenge; one step at a time.”
Elsie sighed, “Yep, you’re right. We’ve got a few obstacles to overcome first.”
Tasha stood up. “Okay, I’ve got to go. Are you going to try to make it to my party on Saturday? No Drake though. And they’ll ask about him, because they’re used to seeing him with you. What are you going to say?”
“I’ll say that I tired of him, and fed from him. I’ll have to move when things get more settled though, and until then Drake is confined to the house. Once I move, Drake can just blend into Vampire life as my live in companion. And I’ll have to change my circle of friends of course.”
“Or just never bring him with you. It’s too bad you flaunted him so much when he was human; now you’ll have to be careful not to cross paths with the same people for fear that they may put one and one together.”
Elsie smiled. “Yes, I know, but it was worth it; if just for the look of indignation on their faces. Drake hated it. All those stuck up, snooty Vampires who think that only men should be able to flaunt their next kills out in public.” Elsie laughed. “The women were so jealous. I loved it.”
Tasha smiled. “Well, I’ve got to go. I just wanted to see how things were going. I’ve got a date. I met him online through that dating site I’m on. Not all of us have beautiful Vampire men just fall into our laps like some people.”
Elsie smiled and saw Tasha to the door. “Thanks, Tash.”
***
Drake’s desire continued to build as each passing day tortured him even more. He thought about women constantly. He had already given up, exhausted, trying to drive the terrible thoughts out of his mind. He was ready, and willing to die, but his need and his desire to experience the quenching of this hunger tugged at him from the other side; a constant battle within his brain that threatened to pull him apart. It was midday on Wednesday, and Drake paced about, as he did for most of his recent days. Bundled up in a blanket, yet still cold, his complexion was ashen.
A few rooms over, Elsie called Christopher. “It’s time, Christopher. Can you bring the girl I just bought?”
Christopher smiled and went to fetch the new blood stock. He knocked and entered a locked room. “Hello, Kate. Time to meet Miss. Fleck; she’s going to put you to work today.” He comforted her with a warm smile.
“Thank goodness, I’ve been so bored. This really is quite unusual, to virtually hold someone prisoner while they are in your employ. I had looked so forward to my 22nd birthday and starting a new chapter in my life, but this has been a bit of a nightmare.”
“Well, don’t worry it’s almost over. Please come with me.”
Christopher led the way to the living room where Elsie waited impatiently. She was terrified that Drake would be able to resist his temptation. She found little comfort in statistics at this point.
“Miss. Fleck-this is Kate.”
Elsie smiled. “Hello, Kate. You’ll be working with Drake today. Drake is a little under the weather right now and a little on the grumpy side, but I think you’ll get along well. Follow me.”
“What am I going to be doing? I’m just so glad to be doing something, finally. Everything has been so unusual, lately. I must admit, I’m a little nervous.”
“Please don’t feel that way. You’ll be relaxed and surrendered to your work soon.”
Elsie led Kate to the sitting room where Drake paced; desperately trying to avert his unsavory thoughts, but his mind was not his at the moment.
“Drake, this is Kate. She’s been hired to give you a hand with your work.”
“My work! I do nothing but pace and slowly die.”
“How are you feeling?”
“You know how I’m feeling, Elsie.”
“Yes, I suppose I do, but it is necessary for the first time. Hopefully you’ll never have to experience this again. I’ll leave you two alone if you like…or I could stay.”
“I’d like you to stay,” Kate stammered.
“I could care less,” Drake responded.
Elsie’s expression brightened and she took a seat on the couch. The plastic upholstery wasn’t very comfortable, but necessary.
Kate fidgeted and kept looking over at Elsie for direction. Elsie gestured for her to be patient.
Drake could feel Kate’s presence with a new heightened awareness. There was a feeling of life, real life, within the room that wasn’t present with a Vampire. He felt drawn to that life; he needed to feel that life within him, again. Against his will, Drake turned and looked at Kate, who held his gaze momentarily then looked down. Her neck was long and elegant, and her complexion fresh. Drake visualized the warm blood that coursed through her veins. Kate’s blond hair fell across her neck and Drake felt compelled to remove the obstruction. Looking up, Kate caught Drake’s penetrating gaze, and this time could not avert her eyes. The mesmerizing look that is inherent in all Vampires took over naturally and effectively. Kate’s stare fixed on Drake’s calming, brown eyes. Feeling warmed by the mere presence of a beautiful, young woman, Drake dropped the blanket from his shoulders. His gums engorged with blood and Drake could feel his fangs emerge. He was drawn to her; nothing else existed around him anymore. Sounds deadened and nothing could divert his focus. He was suddenly a Vampire, full of the lust for the kill…nothing else mattered and nothing else entered his mind.
On the couch, Elsie’s back stiffened and she shifted herself closer, her upper lip protruded from the swelling within her mouth. She was astounded by the suddenness of Kate’s surrender. Drake obviously had a superior aptitude to enchant.
Drake’s movement was slow and methodical until he got close enough to feel Kate’s breath on his cheek. The gentle curvature of Kate’s neck and collar was exquisite, the flesh warm and soft, concealing what he desired more than anything else. He placed his fangs on her fragranced skin. Instinctively, through his sensitive fangs, he felt for the pulse of what he coveted most. The soft butter like flesh easily yielded to Drake’s bite, the warm flesh against his lips calmed his soul, and the hot blood was drawn through his fangs directly into his starved brain. The rush was intoxicating and Drake’s knees faltered. Kate drew in a sharp breath. Her eyes rolled upwards behind clasped, quivering lids, and she uttered a final moan. Not one of pain, but one of submission, giving herself completely and without hesitation. The timing of extracting blood in unison to Kate’s heartbeat was quickly figured out by Drake, even as the cadence of its beats slowed. The invigorating strength of life itself drained from one body to the other, one giving her lifetime in order to sustain another for just a short period of time. Drake suddenly felt crushed and he let Kate’s body fall to the floor. The thud brought Elsie to her feat.
“How do you feel?” Elsie’s eyes were wide and her face full of expression.
Drake buried his head in his hands. He could feel the swelling of his gums receding, and his fangs re-sheathing. Residual blood coated Drake’s hands; his focus blurred past crimson coated fingers and landed on Kate’s crumpled body.
“What have you done to me?”
“I have made you immortal. You’ll get past this. She had a good, long, human life, and it was necessary for her to sacrifice it for the continuance of the strongest and most intelligent. You have eternity to get used to your new life, and I know you will. You and I, together will achieve great things, you’ll see.”
“I have already achieved a horrible thing; a thing that I can never undo,” Drake said and he slowly walked out of the room.
Elsie watched him go and felt a pang of sympathy…then clenched her fists and looked upwards. Clasping her eyelids and through gritted teeth she trumpeted, “Yes!”
Elsie was beaming when she found Christopher, and his eyes mirrored her excitement.
“Please clean up the feeding room, Christopher.”
“Very good, Miss Elsie, I’m very glad everything went well. I was afraid he may be strong enough to resist.”
“No one is,” Elsie said, and she walked away with a lively step.
Christopher rolled the cadaver hoist into the feeding room and expertly maneuvered it into position. Kate’s corpse rose off the floor, her long blond hair hanging across her face; a lifeless eye peeked through. Christopher was pleased and impressed with the precision of the kill. Drake had thoroughly drained his victim and minimal cleanup would be necessary. Pushing the hoist to the refuse chute, Christopher dumped Kate’s body; her function fulfilled.

Chapter 8
Couple Kill
Drake moped around the house and often his thoughts turned to suicide. The blood in his veins was not his and he should relinquish it. Just bleed yourself out and all of your problems will be over. But already the hunger was building inside, like a drug that’s found a new place to haunt and tempt. And, most importantly, there was Megan-without him to protect her, she would be sold and preyed upon. Drake felt as if he would go mad from all of his opposing emotions. Every day he asked about Megan, and every day the news was the same. Today though, Christopher’s face was troubled, almost angry.
“I can’t believe you betrayed my trust!”
“What are you talking about, Christopher?”
“Your meeting with Megan…a month ago?”
“Yes, what about it? We appreciated your kindness. You’re about our only friend; I’d hate to think we compromised your friendship in some way.”
“Well, you did, and now I’ll be in a lot of trouble with Miss. Fleck.”
Drake’s brow tightened as he began to run through the possible serious repercussions from the intimate liaison. His heart jumped.
“She’s not pregnant, is she?”
Christopher looked at Drake through narrowed eyelids. “You promised me you wouldn’t mate!”
Drake slumped and spoke quietly now. “No, I didn’t. I told you that we had not had sexual relations when we were coupled together because we didn’t want to bear a child to the horror of this Empire.”
“Well, that’s the same thing…and I just assumed that you were a man of your word.”
Drake shook his head. “And I am. We messed up…big time. I’m so sorry on so many levels. Oh, my god-it was so stupid for us to lose our focus and self control. Now what do we do?” He held Christopher’s gaze until Christopher ripped away.
“I’m the one in huge trouble now. Miss Fleck may be angry with you for awhile, but I could lose my job.”
“You won’t lose your job. You have too much on her, now.”
Christopher face brightened slightly. “You may be right…she couldn’t take the chance, could she?”
“No, it would be too much of a risk. How’s Megan?”
“She’s concerned that you’ll be angry with her and she’s terrified for the baby.”
“Why would I be angry with her? You’ve got to let me see her.”
Christopher’s eyes opened wide. “Are you kidding me; that’s how I got into this in the first place.”
“But the damage is already done. I can’t make her pregnant again.”
“You can’t?”
“No, just once at a time. Please, let me see her Christopher. If our friendship means anything to you.”
“What’s it like?”
“What’s, what like?” Drake asked in an annoyed tone.
“Having sex.”
“Oh. Well, it’s incredible…especially with the one you love,” Drake’s voice trailed off and he lost his focus momentarily but soon it was regained. “You have to let me see her; we need to figure out what to do. And, you’ll need to a part of the discussion.”
Christopher was silent for a moment. “All right-leave it to me. It may take awhile until an opportunity comes up that I’m comfortable with. How much time do we have?”
“Well, several months until the baby is born. Oh my god, what have we done?”
***
Drakes’ hunger didn’t take long to return. Elsie said it was normal for a new convert to feel somewhat, insatiable. He hated it, yet loved it. Just the thought of the release, the relief and the utter satisfaction that feeding brings, brought a feeling of excitement that Drake could not ignore no matter how he tried. Drake could sense that Elsie’s feeding schedule was getting to a near desperate level as well. She tended to get fidgety and temperamental when she left it too long. He wondered why she was pushing her need past her normal schedule.
Elsie found Drake in the feeding room, pacing. She considered it a good sign that he seemed to have chosen this particular room to spend his private time.
She sat down on the squeaky plastic furniture and made herself appear comfortable.
“You know what I want to try, that I’ve never done before?”
Drake humored her, but didn’t really care. “What?”
Elsie shifted in her chair. “A couple kill.”
“I don’t even want to know what that is, and I’m having a tough enough time coping without you adding more complications into the mix.”
“Oh, it’s nothing really-just a different way of feeding for a Vampire couple.”
Drake could tell that he was going to hear more about it; Elsie’s speech was excited.
“Basically, we share a kill. You latch onto a victim, and I in turn latch onto you; drawing the victim’s blood through my companion. It’s a way for a Vampire couple to be more intimate and to bond through the sensual act of feeding, together. After we have drained one, then we switch positions and you draw the next victim’s blood through me.”
“You know where I’m at right now. I know I won’t be able to resist my inner demon for much longer. If it pleases you to engage in such an act, I could care less. Two lives will be sacrificed no matter what procedure we follow.”
Elsie’s face lit up. “I’ll get Christopher to draw two from bloodstock. You know, you really are costing me a fortune and it’s complicated keeping both genders of blood stock.”
“No men!” Drake was adamant.
Elsie frowned, she had never latched onto a woman before so she understood Drake’s aversion to feeding from a man, but she was more than willing to be flexible on this occasion.
“Of course, I understand,” Elsie said in an animated tone and hastily left the room. She returned a short time later and Drake’s eyes opened wide, as did the young woman with Elsie.
“Carmen, this is Drake. Carmen is here to work with us for a while, Drake.”
Carmen flashed a shy smile, her last voluntary action.
Drake’s face drained of expression as he held Carmen’s gaze. She was exquisite-the beautiful curvature of her shoulders and neck invited him closer.
Elsie vibrated with anticipation. “Sit her on the couch.”
Drake’s beguiling gaze never wavered as he took Carmen’s hands. Once on the couch, Drake pressed closer, the excitement within escalating with each closing inch. His fangs unsheathed like daggers from a scabbard; the sensation of Carmen’s pulse being the ultimate enticement. Again, Drake’s need far over shadowed his morality and his only thoughts now were to quench his desire.
Carmen was instantly entranced by Drake’s gaze and Elsie, once again marveled at the ease and proficiency displayed by such a new comer. He’s amazing in so many ways, Elsie thought, her eyes drinking in his features.
Even in her captivated state Carmen’s thoughts were much the same as Elsie’s, and she was willing to give herself unreservedly. Raising her head and baring her neck, Carmen mentally braced herself for the rapture she was about to experience. Drake, gently pierced the skin and penetrated the throbbing artery. Two sets of eyes rolled as they shared the ecstasy of the moment.
Elsie watched impatiently, waiting for her turn to be closer to her love. She felt a pang of jealousy watching the two locked in a state of passion. Kneeling beside Drake, she looked at his beautiful face and could not believe that this was about to actually happen. A dream that had haunted Elsie for years was about to be fulfilled. She savored the moment that can only be experienced when a burning desire is about to be recognized. Her needle like teeth punctured Drake’s flesh and Elsie felt the rush of the blood mixture flood her consciousness; years of longing finally fulfilled. It was like nothing she had ever experienced and she wasn’t sure she could hang on, yet she knew she couldn’t let go. Three beings connected in rapture, one to never experience any other feeling. Drake drained her completely, but longed for more. Elsie had absorbed most of the nourishing liquid of life and she, too, needed more. Drake’s customary feeling of regret was far overshadowed by his need for more. He carried Carmen to the refuse chute and dumped her in. Elsie was glad for his haste.
“Wipe your mouth,” she instructed while doing so herself.
She left and returned very quickly with the next victim, a rosy cheeked brunette with a plump, pretty face.
“Please have a seat Gail and we’ll commence.”
Gail opened her pad of paper, prepared to take notes.
“Before you write anything down, I want you to listen intently to what I say. You must understand the concept before we begin,” Elsie instructed and Gail relaxed her writing hand.
Elsie used her standard dialogue but it was not having its usual effect. It was a first for Elsie; she had never fed from a human woman before and there was no desire present. Drake, in the background, fidgeted and chewed his lip.
“Drake will fill you in on the rest. He is more experienced with the technical end of the project.” Elsie urged Drake forward.
It didn’t matter that Drake had no idea about the subject matter; his desire was still strong and Gail fell under his spell after only a few nonsensical phrases. Drake became engrossed in his next kill and lost focus with Elsie’s arrangement. Moving in with teeth bared, he felt a nudge on his shoulder.
“Move over and bite into me once I’ve latched on to her,” Elsie spoke quickly, concerned Gail may return to her senses without Drake’s captivating gaze to enchant her. “You won’t believe the rush you get,” Elsie said feeling a twinge of regret that she felt rushed at such an important point of their relationship.
Biting into Gail’s flesh brought no excitement for Elsie. Her eyes strained to the edge of her vision to the one who would bring meaning to this unfamiliar act.
Drake moved closer, he too not feeling the same passion as when he had fed previously, but his need to feed far overshadowed his lack of a physical connection. He sunk his fangs into Elsie’s throat, resisting the impulse to tear at it. Once connected, the surge of human blood mixed with Elsie’s was almost overwhelming.
Elsie’s eyes closed and she felt a numb feeling of contentment penetrate to the core.
It was over all too soon; one giving life, two benefiting.
Drake’s head slumped. “How can such a feeling of fulfillment make me feel so empty and discouraged and ashamed,” Drake uttered as he trudged out of the room.
Elsie flopped back on the couch with a smile of satisfaction. She looked over at the limp body beside her; Gail’s eyes fixed, seeing nothing.
“Thanks Gail…out of all my victims, I’ll remember you most.”

Chapter 9
Look out Empire
“Why Miss. Fleck, you look positively radiant…you’re virtually glowing. And it’s not just the flush of a fresh kill in your veins; it’s something else,” Margaret said as she dried her hands and leaned her hip on the kitchen counter.
Elsie got some water; she was always thirsty after a kill. “These humans have too much salt in their diets.”
Elsie turned and purposely flipped her hair off her neck revealing a fresh bandage.
“Oh, you’ve engaged in a couple kill-you lucky girl.”
“It’s my first. I know the Empire frowns on it, but I’ve always wanted to try. I just never had the opportunity.”
“Yes, it has to be with the right person, or it is just for the thrill and not for love. So, how was it?”
“It was incredible, and not just because of the rush of Vampire blood, but because it was with Drake. I feel it has brought us closer together. To share two kills in that way is a wonderful way for a Vampire couple to bond. I don’t know how some Vampires get so hooked on the rush that they take it to the next level.”
“Yes, I’ve heard that Vampire serial killers are on the rise. I just don’t get it. I’ve never experienced another Vampire’s blood mixing with my own, so I can’t speak from experience, but it seems to me that you’re basically signing your death warrant.”
“You know what they say, once you’ve tasted Vampire blood, you can never go back. But I think it’s the individual. The rigors of life for hundreds of years can wear some Vampires down and they just give up on life. So they allow themselves to get hooked on the rush, knowing full well that eventually they will get caught. It’s just another form of suicide…another statistic that’s on rise in Vampire society. Life everlasting is just too much for some Vampires. But don’t worry, I’m not going over to the dark side just because of one couple kill; I’ve got way too much to live for.”
Elsie finished her glass of water and placed it on the counter. “I’m going out soon for a few hours. Drake will stay. He’s never in a good mood after a kill. But I think he’s getting better.” Elsie probed at the injured area on her neck and winced slightly. The pain was fleeting, and promptly replaced with a contented smile.
Christopher watched from the window as Elsie drove away. He wore a troubled look that Margaret instantly recognized when he walked into the kitchen.
She put her fists on her hips and looked stern. “What now!”
“I’m in big trouble.”
Margaret’s expression relaxed to one of concern. “What’s going on?”
“Megan’s pregnant.”
Margaret’s arms, head and eyes flew towards the ceiling. “You idiot, Christopher! How could you have left them alone for so long. You do understand human nature, don’t you? It’s how we have a steady flow of blood,” she added in a condescending tone.
“Yes. I understand about human sex. I just never thought Drake would risk it. He said that’s why he and Megan abstained from sex when mated together, months ago. So I just assumed that was still his stance. Now I’m in big trouble. Is there anything we can do about it?”
“We-why is it whenever there’s trouble, it’s we? I don’t know Christopher.” Margaret rubbed her temple. “Let’s look at this from every angle.”
Christopher moved closer.
“If we tell her, she’ll be majorly pissed, and we, as in both of us, will suffer for months because of it, but then it will be out in the open. If we don’t tell her…hmm…she’d never know, and we could sell the baby, and make a few bucks from the ordeal. Then the baby would be gone and Miss. Fleck would be none the wiser.” Margaret looked at Christopher for his opinion.
“One thing though; what if Drake, and he will-objects?”
“What, you told him? On the blood of my father, Christopher, why did you do that?”
“I just thought it was the right thing to do at the time but, obviously I was wrong.”
“You just complicated things immensely. But I still think that we should keep it from Miss. Fleck. I mean, she’s on cloud nine right now; they just shared in a couple kill.”
“Yes, I figured they must have.”
“So, I want her to continue in a good mood, as I’m sure you do.”
Christopher nodded his head fervently.
“Drake will be angry at us for selling it, but better him than Miss. Fleck.”
“What if Drake tells Miss. Fleck?” Christopher asked.
“I don’t think he will as long as we handle the situation correctly. So don’t say anything to Drake or Megan until you clear it with me. Do you understand?”
Christopher nodded. “Got it.”
***
Drake felt even worse than usual after the last kill. He had taken two lives this time, and he had engaged in an unsavory joining together that made his skin crawl. Christopher came to see him.
“Hey, Drake…how’s it going?”
“It’s crazy, Christopher, my body feels so energized, but my psychological state is in such conflict. I feel as if the opposing feeling will tear me apart. Have you seen Megan?”
“No, but now would be a good time to see her, like I promised. But you really put me in a tough spot, Drake. You must promise not to hold anything against me as far as decisions we must make down the road.”
Drake’s mind quickly deciphered his meaning. “Are you going to tell Elsie?”
“No, I told Margaret though.”
“That’s good. Can we go right away?” Drake asked.
“Yes, the sooner the better; Miss Fleck should be away for a couple of hours.”
Christopher led the way to Megan’s apartment, steering clear of Margaret.
“Now, I’ll leave you two alone for only a short time. And just try to enjoy the few moments you two share and don’t dwell on what the future may bring…okay?”
Christopher unlocked the outer door and knocked on the inner as he unlocked it.
“Come in,” came the excited voice of Megan.
Two bodies crushed together and Christopher felt a twinge of jealousy mixed with warmth of emotion. He left the doors ajar and stood there for a few minutes.
“Oh, Drake how could we let this happen?”
“We messed up. But the more important question is what are we going to do about it?’
“What can we do?”
Drake looked at the door, still open. He led Megan deeper into the apartment. “Well, if we let it, I can see this going only two ways, but both lead to the same certainty, our baby will be sold and raised as we were, for blood. I can’t see it any other way Megan, and I’ve thought about this often-the baby is just the catalyst for us to take the action that I knew must eventually come…we need to run.”
Megan’s face was blank for a moment. “But what if we’re caught?”
“This decision has been so hard to make; if we stay our baby will be killed, but if we go and get caught, we’ll all be killed. This affects us both…what do you think?”
“Oh, god, I don’t know.” Megan buried her head in her hands.
“There’s something else you need to know.” Drake waited until Megan had raised her head. “I’m not the same as when we last met.”
Megan looked intently for Drake’s explanation, not really sure if she really wanted to hear it.
“I’m not human anymore. Elsie tricked me.”
Megan looked at Drake’s downturned face as the unbelievable information was slowly absorbed; the thought encountered panicked resistance. “No, it can’t be-you can’t be.”
“I’m sorry. I’m completely ashamed and if it weren’t for you, I think I would do away with myself.”
Megan shrinked away and a look of horror distorted her lovely face.
Her reaction cut Drake to the heart.
“Have you…?”
Again, Drake looked down.
“Oh my god, Drake!” Megan turned and stomped away.
“Megan! I can’t change back. I’m still Drake. I still have the same feelings for you that I did before the transformation. And no matter what I am now, the problem we need to focus on hasn’t changed. How do we save this baby? Megan, I’ve thought about this, and the only way out is to find refuge back home, with humans, at the base of the dome. We need to let everyone know the secrets of the dome. We need to revolt. Even if it means the death of every last human, at least that will stop this barbaric insanity.”
“But you’re one of them…you’ve killed.”
“I am the same in the fact my needs are the same, but I’m different in my desire to end this atrocity. Even though I am what I am, I know I can help, but we need to get out of here and spread the word; it’s the only way.”
“But how will you survive?” The question repulsed her.
“Again, I’ve thought about this, and I can survive on Vampire blood. Once out of here I have an endless supply.” Drake held Megan’s tortured gaze. “Don’t worry Megs, I promise I’ll only feed from Vampires…I swear by god.”
“But you said you couldn’t help yourself. What if you get that starved again? You may even feed from me.” Surprisingly, the thought didn’t sicken her, but it did Drake…his face contorted into one of disbelief.
“How can you say that? I would sooner die myself rather than see you die. I will always protect you…even if it’s from myself.”
Drake’s eyes went to the door still partly open; Megan’s eyes followed.
He walked quietly over and gestured to Megan to stay put. Slowly opening the door, Drake noticed the outside door was still open as well. He peeked and saw no sign of Christopher. His heart leapt. He walked quickly back.
“Pack a small bag. I can’t believe Christopher left the door open…he’s such a doofis sometimes. Elsie will kill him. Like I said, I’ve researched and thought about this a lot. We can do this. Hurry, just a few essentials. I have access to a line of credit, and I’m a Vampire now.” Both Drake and Megan got a knot in their stomach at the words. “So I can just blend in… and a Vampire man out in public with a human woman is commonplace. And, we have the advantage once we are out of this house; Elsie can’t alert the authorities. We just need to get out of the house. I’m going to check the door for a minute.”
Drake walked with cautious purpose to the door. He couldn’t believe Christopher had left it open; the opportunity was amazing. A pang of guilt swayed his resolve momentarily. But Christopher would understand…hmm, Drake thought of the consequences to Christopher and walked calmly back to Megan’s room. “Take your time. Christopher’s got to know what we’re doing.” Drake expected Megan’s surprised look. “It’ll be better for him in the long run if I do. I can make it look like I forced him. He’ll be back soon. He’s such a big goof…but a loveable one.” Drake smiled which did nothing to calm, Megan.
Megan’s whole crazy mixed up life had been dealt another blow. Learning to cope and accept was her only survival mechanism. But this? Oh my god, this had never occurred to her. “Where will we stay? How will we get back home? Oh my god, Drake!” She looked over at him as she packed and tears started to flow.
“Don’t worry about anything. I’ll take care of it. Our advantage now is that I am a Vampire. I’m sorry Megan, but that’s the way it is…please try to accept it.”
Megan saw the old Drake: kind, considerate and loving. She forced a smile and wiped her face.
A light tap was heard at the door. “Anybody home?” Christopher called.
“Yeah, we’re in here, buddy.”
“I hope you both have clothes on,” Christopher joked as he walked towards the bedroom. His dimpled smile faded slightly. “What’s going on here?”
“We’re leaving,” Drake answered, holding Christopher’s surprised gaze.
“What do you mean, leaving?”
“We’re going away and never coming back. I know the access code to the house. It wasn’t too difficult to figure out.”
“But you can’t…Miss. Fleck.”
“Elsie has very limited options. She can’t call the police, and I know you or Margaret won’t. I feel confident we can blend in without causing any suspicion.” Drake flashed a confident smile.
“What about me? Miss Fleck will be furious.”
“Sorry, man, but she’ll get over it. She’ll be too worried about me getting caught to pay you much attention. We’ll tie you up and add a couple of facial bruises if you like.”
“Umm, no I’m good with just being tied up, thank you very much. Bloodless bones, Drake, you sure put a friend in an awkward position.”
“Sorry, Christopher, you know I have to do it to save the baby.”
“But you can’t save the baby. As soon as it’s born you’ll attract attention. No one below the age of 22 is ever up in the dome. The only safe place for it is at the base.”
Drake didn’t answer.
“I’m all packed up,” Meagan said, her face red and puffy.
“Good.”
Just then, Christopher made a dash for the door. Drake reacted quickly and caught up as Christopher was desperately trying to shut and lock the door. Drake easily over powered him.
“Come on Christopher, please relax and make this easier on the both of us.”
Christopher stopped struggling. Being this close to Drake made him feel warm and contented, and he felt his fangs pulse.
“Megan, you got some strong tape?” Drake led Christopher back into the apartment, and bound his hands and feet. “There you go, buddy. Just say that I forced you to take me down here and then tied you up. Thanks for everything, man, you’ve been a good friend.” Drake smiled.
Megan spoke up, “Yes, you’ve always been good to me, too. Thank you for all of your kindness.”
Christopher’s return expression was one of acceptance. “Take care of yourselves. I wish you nothing but the best.”
Drake grabbed Megan’s belongings in one hand and extended his other towards Megan. She looked at it and then up into Drake’s eyes. He hated this; Megan had never ever hesitated before, but eventually she accepted it.
Christopher’s eyes followed them out the door, then down to his bindings. “On the blood of my father, how do I manage to get myself in these predicaments?”
Drake led Megan to his and Elsie’s bedroom and grabbed a bag that he had pre-packed weeks prior. Megan felt a pang of jealousy and hurt as she gazed around at Elsie’s things. On the dresser was a framed picture of Drake and Elsie smiling at a social function. Soon they were outside of the kitchen where Margaret prepared more food for Elsie’s blood stock.
“You wait here-I’ll just be a moment,” Drake said to Megan before stepping into the kitchen.
“Hi Margaret, I’ve just come to say goodbye.”
She turned quickly with a puzzled look crinkling her brow.
“Megan and I are leaving. Christopher is tied up in Megan’s apartment.”
Margaret shook her head. “That idiot.” She paused momentarily and dried her hands.
“How will you survive?”
“We’ll manage. Please don’t let Elsie be too hard on Christopher. He really is a good hearted guy. Sorry to turn the household upside down…and thanks for everything.”
“Don’t mention it. It was a pleasure having you in the house…most of the time,” she said with a smile. “Good luck to you both…you’ll need it.”
Drake returned the smile. Collecting Megan, he proceeded to the front door and keyed in the pass code. Elsie had never volunteered it, but it wasn’t hard to watch and memorize the pattern. They walked out into the Vampire world of the dome…free members of the select society.
***
Elsie came home, spirit soaring. The spring in her step was evident when she entered the kitchen. “Hello Margaret. How’s my blood stock? Well fed and happy I trust?”
“Yes Miss Fleck. I just took them their dinners.”
“You did? Why, where’s Christopher?”
“I don’t know what he’s doing, but it’s annoying when I can’t find him when I need him.”
“Please find him and tell him to come and see me immediately.” Elsie’s tone was switching back and forth. “Have you seen Drake?”
Margaret turned to wash a pot. “No, I haven’t.”
“Hmm,” Elsie grunted and quickly turned to see how Drake was doing. She felt euphoric. The three hours at work had flown by. She didn’t really mind that her hours had been cut so much: confident that she had enough money to weather the storm, and grateful to have the extra time to spend at home. Where is he anyway; Elsie searched the house.
“Margaret? Did Christopher take Drake out of the house? I strictly told him not to take him out.”
“I don’t know Miss Fleck. I don’t think he would have.”
Elsie’s darting eyes suddenly became fixed. She spun and walked briskly towards Megan’s apartment. Margaret hurried after her while making sure to maintain a comfortable distance. Seeing the doors to Megan’s apartment open, Elsie’s heart raced even faster. She stopped in her tracks. Christopher feverishly jerked at his bindings, but stopped all movement when Elsie entered the room, his eyes wide with panic.
“Christopher, you idiot!”

Chapter 10
A Predator Emerges
“We’ll blend in if we just relax. We, as a couple, are completely normal in this society. Let’s just enjoy our freedom. And remember, they can’t report us. The only thing Elsie can do is cut off the line of credit to this card, which, I expect she will eventually do. That will make it more difficult for us,” Drake spoke softly to Megan in the back of the bus.
Megan nodded her understanding, never turning her head from the window-seat view of scenery flying by and people on the street. The situation since coming of age had been such a life and death struggle, but now things had escalated even further. She struggled, but felt her survival mechanism kick into acceptance and hope mode. Maybe they actually could get back home. Megan thought of the rolling green pastures and the sound of the tiny rapids in her favorite brook. We really may be able to make a difference and change this horror. Oh my god, please let us get back home.
The bus slowed and Drake stirred. “This is our stop Megs.” Drake looked deep into Megan’s eyes. “We can do this. We can put an end to this.”
Megan set her jaw and nodded.
The sidewalk was busy with pedestrians and Drake maneuvered them to one of the footbridges that traversed the busy greenways. The bags made it awkward in congested areas, but the hotel was on the next corner and soared to the very ceiling of this level of the dome. Megan tried to look comfortable, but so many people would look at her-especially the men. It seemed almost impolite if Vampire men didn’t ogle and admire another Vampire man’s human companion. Drake tried to not let it bother him.
A porter greeted them at the marble and brass entrance. “Take your bags sir?”
“Yes, yes please.” Drake raised his eyebrows at Megan, glad to be relieved of the luggage. The lobby was bigger than it needed to be and quite lavish and beautiful. The carpet felt as soft and lush as the greenway.
“I have one high up, so the view is nice if you like.” A pleasant woman checked them in.
The elevator ride up with the porter was quick; Drake only needed to make awkward small-talk for a couple of minutes. The room door closed and Drake finally felt a sense of freedom and confidence. His credit would take care of everything for a while. They could come and go as they please without fear of being caught. It was kind of a nice feeling to be a part of a society, to be able to have at your comfort and disposal, all of the benefits of a rich world. Drake reminded himself not to get too comfortable. He was already beginning to feel that dreaded feeling of hunger again. Too soon he thought, but maybe because his last feed was mixed with Elsie’s starved blood; he shuddered. Whatever the reason-it was there. All of a sudden the feeling of dread lifted as Drake remembered who his new victims would be. He had already chosen the first one meticulously with information gleaned from easily hacked into corporate files. He was going to make a point with his first kill; a little risky in the long run, he thought, but he was confident he could stay a few steps ahead of the law until he could figure out a way back home.
“It’s nice,” Drake said, looking around the spacious suite. The hotel towered over the rest of the surrounding buildings. Drake looked up and was impressed by the design and architecture of this amazing structure. The outer shell of the hotel gently curved and gracefully transitioned into the ceiling. Below, the green grid pattern of the greenways separated the blocks of tall buildings as far as the eye could see.
Megan sat on the bed, her blank stare concerned Drake.
“Look, it’s even got a little kitchen in here. I’ll buy some groceries, and you can cook anything your heart desires,” Drake said.
Megan’s face finally flinched. “And will you share them with me?” Her tone was cold.
“Come on Megs, you know I can’t anymore. You have to get a grip and try to accept things as they are. I can’t go back…but, we have a chance to make a difference-a chance to make things better. And you have a little piece of me, as I was before, growing inside you. When you look at the big picture, we’re lucky to still be alive and have this chance. We have a chance to be the start of a revolution. And we are together. Please don’t revile me.”
Megan’s grave expression softened and her chin quivered ever so slightly. “I’m sorry. But it’s just so much to absorb, and I’m so worried, and I feel like I’ve lost you.” Megan’s face distorted into a mask of pain and her body jerked with each smothered sob.
Drake immediately went to comfort her, half expecting her to pull away. Megan buried her face into the comfort and security of his chest; the spot reserved only for her, and wept freely.
***
Drake did as he had promised, going out and buying the foods he knew Megan enjoyed. He eyed a stiletto in the display case and asked to see it. The feeling of power when the slender blade popped out was overwhelming. The tip was sharp and the blade finely honed-it would do just fine. It felt weird being out there on his own, walking around freely, just another face in the crowd. He felt comforted by the credit card in his pocket and hoped it would last until he figured a way out. Beautiful Vampire women tempted Drake at every turn. He was hungry, and he was vengeful. But, he was glad to be back with Megan in the comfortable privacy of the hotel room. While Megan unpacked, Drake pulled out his pocket computer. He unfolded it out onto the bed, tripling its dimensions. A handy tool to have, but one he would eventually lose if Elsie cut off his line of credit. Things seemed to be working out well; his intended target had just fed recently, so the blood would still be reasonably rich. He cut the tags off the dark clothing he had just purchased and slipped them on. He cut a fine figure in the nicely fitted clothing.
“Are you going somewhere?” Megan asked.
“I just need to go out for awhile.” Drake glanced over but couldn’t hold her gaze for long.
“You said only Vampires…right?”
“Don’t worry Megs. That’s all I really have access to.”
Megan knew this wasn’t accurate as long as he had a line of credit at his disposal. She had never seen this amount of focus in Drake before. Sure, she had seen minor flashes in those carefree times, but not even close to this. There was a burning hate, smoldering within Drake. It was there to be seen by one who really knew him, but cleverly and essentially hidden away. She knew only Vampire women would be his target, and fought against the absurd jealous feelings that accompanied this understanding.
Drake grabbed a couple of shopping bags that he had left aside, half full of light grocery items. He ran for a bus across the damp greenway. Traffic was still busy as another day wound down in the dome. The bus trip was just long enough for the city lights to dim, transitioning into a peaceful evening. The sidewalk reflected the street lights after a late afternoon watering and Drake stepped off the bus into a puddle. His target would let Elsie know his intentions, and make her life miserable at the same time. Elizabeth Bower worked with Tasha, and Tasha, once aware of the murder, and Drake’s freedom, would be all over Elsie, and consumed with worry. The cops wouldn’t be far behind. Unregistered DNA would be a red flag for them, and the fact that the victim worked at the offices for conversion would surely set off alarm bells. A taxi pulled up and Drake hurried into position, bags in hand. He quickly gained access to the building with his ruse, although he almost got sidetracked by the beauty of the young woman who let him in. Once in the apartment, Drake paced impatiently. It was amazing how insecure this society was; information was easily available with a little bit of patience, even entry codes. Drake was excited for his first Vampire kill. He hoped it would be the first of many…leading to their complete eradication. He knew that it was a lofty goal, but he hoped one within reach, if he could get back down to the base and raise the alarm with the millions of humans. He realized that being a Vampire would help to verify the implausible story. Maybe it was a necessary thing, needed to release humans from a thousand years of being slaughtered. One at a time, he reminded himself. Don’t get too far ahead of yourself-that’s when mistakes are made. Drake’s intense craving to feed was as strong now as his desire for revenge. The sound of heels and a short quick stride approaching down the hallway made Drake’s pulse to quicken and muscles tense. He followed Elizabeth to the bedroom and paused for a moment at the door-so lovely. Elizabeth sensed his presence and turned with a start. It didn’t take too long to subdue his prey. Drake was happy to learn that his new-found ability to enchant worked as well on Vampires as well as it did on humans. Elizabeth lay helpless in Drake’s arms, and he looked deeply into her blue eyes. Liz’s condition made her oblivious to the dire consequences. And she exposed her neck even more. From the records, Drake knew that Elizabeth was over two hundred years old. She could be his ancestor, he thought to himself. Slim chance, and does it really matter. If she had remained a human and lived a long life, she would have been dead and buried long ago. She chose this path. She may have been a fine person…but now she was just a killer of innocent people, hundreds, if not thousands. His hunger drew him closer. The warmth and sense of fresh, hot blood was not the same as with a human, and Drake was ashamed as he came to the realization that the desire was not the same either. But, it was desperately needed nutrition and he hungrily pierced into Liz’s pulsing artery. Both sets of eyes rolled into their eyelids as Drake drew the life out of her. It was intoxicating to feel the Vampire blood intermingle within his brain; a chemical reaction that drew many a discontented Vampire to the dark side. Drake withdrew his fangs and looked at the lifeless body in his arms. The feeling of regret and shame did not consume Drake as it usually did after a kill, and he knew that this was his destiny. He would start a wave of panic and fear, escalating it to all out war; human versus Vampire, in an epic struggle for life. It would begin as a cat and mouse game with homicide detectives, eventually transitioning to an army of humans, lead by an unlikely representative. Drake realized that all Vampires must be eliminated and he was willing to make that sacrifice…if it really was a sacrifice. Elizabeth Bower slipped out of his arms and fell to the floor. Drake turned away with no more thought towards her. Another Vampire serial killer was produced -this one with further reaching intent than any before.

Chapter 11
A Different Kind of Murderer
“She’s through here, in the bedroom, Detective Lang.”
“Thanks, officer. Do you know if Det. Genn is here yet?”
“Yes, he arrived about 5 minutes ago.”
Detective Lang walked into the murder scene, her eyes scanning. She wore a smart dark pant-suit, her polished, low, black shoes gleamed. Simple make up was framed by wavy auburn hair.
Det. Genn caught her eye. “It’s about time. I’m almost wrapped up here.”
Genn was a square-block of a man. It looked like it would take a bull-dozer to knock him down. Even his head was like a smaller block, on top of a bigger block. The shine of his slicked back, black hair, looked as glossy as Lang’s shoes.
“Good…found the murderer yet?”
“No-and this could be a tricky one.” Genn waited to make sure he had perked his partner’s interest, then continued, “Un-registered DNA.”
Lang’s eyes opened wide. “What? That’s impossible, isn’t it?”
“I’ve never heard of it before, but obviously it is possible because we have absolutely no reading on this guy.” Genn held an electronic tester in his hand and viewed the information screen. “Her name is Elizabeth Bower and she works at the old conversion building downtown. She was found by her DNA donor when she didn’t show up for a family function. I already got his statement.”
“Anything about the murder scene unusual?” Lang asked, scanning the area.
“Nothing. No forced entry. And very few bruises on the body. He appears to have subdued her quickly.”
“It’s always the ones that have been around for awhile,” Lang said. “They’re just fed up with life.”
Genn looked down at the body and shook his head. “It’s so sad when a Vampire’s life is taken at such a young age.”
“How old was she?”
“Only around 2 centuries. It’s such a selfish act when there are so many humans around. Even the government sponsored blood bank will always help those in need; it’s so unnecessary.”
“But you know it’s never about the blood. It’s fed up Vampires tired of eternal life that have built up a hate towards society as a whole, and this is how they lash out. Then once they get that narcotic high, they’re hooked. It’s funny…they start out wanting to get caught, it’s like a suicide decision, but once they experience the Vampire blood buzz, all of a sudden they want to live again, just to experience that high, over and over again.”
“Yes, but by then it’s too late because we’ve got their DNA.”
“Not this time. So, where’s our first stop?” Lang asked.
“What I’m figuring is that it’s most likely a clerical error and the appropriate department is going to have to figure out where the screw up happened and hopefully correct it. How the hell are we supposed to find the killer without knowing who it is?”
“Okay, let’s start right at the source of the information trail; the department for conversion.”
“Does anyone still work there?”
“It hasn’t been that long since the Great Edict was passed, so I’m sure a huge government department like that can’t be dissolved overnight.”
Genn chuckled, “Knowing our government, it may take centuries to disassemble it.”
“Well, the only thing we care about is the records department anyway, and that will never disappear. Can you imagine how hard our job would be without it?”
“We may find out if we can’t get a DNA identity tied to this guy.” Genn shook his head at the thought.
Lang dropped her car at the precinct and rode with Genn the rest of the way. Lang looked tiny beside Genn who was squeezed behind the steering wheel.
“The guy we’re going to see is Eric Kamber-an aged Vampire,” Lang read from the computer screen in her lap. “He was one of the first wave of Vampires from even before the dome was completed. He was 67 years old when converted. Amazing, huh?”
“Yeah, I’ve never seen a really old guy Vampire before.”
“You know, Genn, I’ve been thinking.”
“Oh, oh.” Genn smirked but kept his eyes on the road.
Lang ignored him. “There is another possibility aside from a paper-work snafu on this one.”
Genn took his eyes from the road this time.
“An illegal conversion.”
Genn’s eyes darted back to the road and then back to Lang. “That sounds pretty implausible. Whatever gave you that idea?”
“Just a thought. Here it is. Wow the parking lot is empty.”
They parked and took the elevator up to the 22nd floor. Kimberly, the receptionist, announced their arrival. Genn held the door and Lang led the way, knocking when she found the appropriate door.
“Come in,” Kamber said, standing up to shake their hands. “Take a seat.”
They both sat down, Genn stuffing his body between the armrests.
Genn spoke first as he tried to get comfortable. “Thank you for making time for us on such short notice.” He tried not to stare, but he found Kamber’s lined and weathered face fascinating.
“Oh, it’s no bother. Not too busy around here since the Great Edict being passed. Now, you said on the phone that you are investigating a murder? Nasty business-too many of them lately.”
“Yes, and unfortunately, murders are steadily on the rise,” Lang said.
“Why is that?”
“Vampires fed up with life after hundreds of years. Mad at everybody but themselves for their failures and shortcomings. Eternal life can be a great gift…or, for some, a great burden.”
“Our screening process is very thorough, but you’re right, there was no way to judge how they would adapt to eternal life.”
Lang continued as Genn looked around at the impressive office. “They’re just throwing their lives away and taking as many lives with them before they go. But they’re all pretty easy to catch, so their murderous spree doesn’t usually last long. All Vampires are DNA registered, as you well know. Which brings me to the reason for our visit, Mr. Kamber; it seems we have an unregistered Vampire in the dome. And, he’s just committed his first murder…and it won’t be his last, guaranteed. He’ll just keep on doing it until he gets caught. Can you offer us any insight as to why we have an unregistered Vampire within the dome?”
Kamber leaned back in his chair. “It’s quite impossible. There is so much paperwork, and so many safeguards to make sure everything is done to the letter.”
“Then how is it that we have no record of this Vampire? Without records we have no identity. He can kill with impunity and will be able to avoid capture for a long time,” Lang added.
“My blood! How could this occur, it’s impossible.”
“There is one more possibility,” Lang said, and Genn looked over at her, knowing what was coming. “An illegal transformation.”
Kamber was speechless for a few moments. “An illegal transformation has never occurred and also quite impossible.”
Detective Lang continued, “Well, those are the only 2 reasons we can think of, but we are certainly open to any other theories you may have. We need to catch this murderer, Mr. Kamber, but without an identity, many lives will be lost. Please, try to put aside any pride towards the efficiency and impeccable record of your department and help us come up with an explanation. This particular murder, coincidentally, was one of your own people.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, Elizabeth Bower. She worked as a clerical assistant in the lab, her supervisor was Tasha Murdock.”
Kamber leaned back in his chair again, a little bit less of a relaxed movement this time. “I don’t know her but I’ll certainly give the idea some thought. Please leave me your card and I’ll let you know if I come up with anything.”
Detective Genn passed his card. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Kamber, we’ll be in touch.”
Kamber sat back in his chair for a moment then reached for his phone. “Kimberly, could you please get me the records for Drake Ulah; everything you can get your hands on.”
***
On the way back to the office, Genn and Lang discussed their visit to Kamber.
“He’s protecting his department. With either scenario, his record will be blemished and he doesn’t want that,” Genn said as he took a right turn on the greenway.
“Yes, he was very protective, but he seemed to get a little tense when I mentioned that the victim was one of his own people. Coincidently, right after I brought up the possibility of an illegal conversion.”
“Yeah, you may be on to something with that wild theory after all.”
“Think about it, Genn-we’re in unfamiliar territory now with the Great Edict just being passed. Something that was the norm for over a thousand years is suddenly gone. What if someone was really counting on a human becoming a Vampire…then all of a sudden it’s taken away and the human no longer has that option. That Vampire may be crushed…if she has fallen in love with him.”
Genn shook his head. “How can you possibly come up with this entire implausible scenario from the scraps of information we have?”
It was as if Lang heard nothing that Genn had just said. “It would have to be someone entrenched in the system, or have friends right within the lab.”
“And the conversion would have to be done by a qualified technician. Maybe we should start there,” Genn suggested.
“Good idea. Let’s start with Tasha Murdock, seeing as the victim worked right in her department. Pull over, I’ll look it up. We may be going back to the conversion building.”
Detective Lang quickly retrieved any phone numbers that were available that would help her get in direct contact with Tasha Murdock.
Tasha sat in her office glancing through the latest fashion magazine when her phone rang. “Tasha speaking.”
“Hi Ms. Murdock, I’ve got a call for you.”
“Okay, thanks Joanne…Tasha Murdock speaking.”
“Oh, great, I managed to get a hold of you. I’m sorry to bother you. My name is Susan Lang. I’m a Detective Sergeant with the police department, homicide division. I was just wondering if we could come over now, and speak to you for a few minutes?”
Tasha’s felt a sudden stab of anxiety. “Sure…anytime. When were you wanting to come?”
“Well, we just happen to be in the neighborhood.” Lang looked over at Genn. “We could be at your door in 5 minutes.”
Genn pulled a u-turn.
Tasha hung up the phone and tried to gather her wits. At the very least, someone is dead, Tasha thought; at the worst…I’m in big trouble. She knew Drake had escaped. Elsie had just told her yesterday. A brief glimpse of Elizabeth Bower flashed in Tasha’s mind as she replayed the meeting with Elsie back in her mind. I’ll just play dumb if it’s about Drake…and remain calm. How can they possibly suspect anything? Tasha asked herself. All of a sudden a wave of dread consumed her mind. DNA…shit he’s not registered. If he’s committed a murder…oh shit no, please no. Tasha slumped at the thought. They’ll be here soon, relax and play dumb…keep your composure.
A few minutes of deep breathing later Tasha’s phone rang.
“Thanks Joanne. I’ll greet them in the hallway.”
Lang and Genn walked down the long hallway, empty except for a woman standing, waiting, three quarters of the way down.
Tasha watched them come-noticing Lang first, as a sharply dressed business woman with a nice figure, then Genn’s massive appearance, lumbering beside his petite partner.
Tasha forced a convincing smile. “Hi, I’m Tasha Murdock. Detective Lang?” Tasha extended her hand.
“Yes. Thank you for seeing us at such short notice. This is my partner, Detective Genn.”
“Hello.” Tasha’s hand was engulfed by his, but his grip was gentle.
“Please, come in. Have a seat. It’s never good news to have a visit from police, but even less when it’s homicide.”
Lang made herself comfortable, while Genn did his best.
Genn spoke first, as pre-arranged on the drive over. “Ms. Murdock, I’m sorry to inform you that Elizabeth Bower is dead. She was murdered. The body was discovered earlier today.”
“Oh, my blood! Where did it happen?”
“In her apartment. She either knew the murderer or he lay in wait for her. It appears as though it was targeted.”
“Did you know her well?” Lang asked.
“I’ve known her for a few years. She was a pretty private person. Basically it was just a work relationship.”
“Did she have any admirers that may be down on their luck, or depressed?” Lang asked.
“Umm, not that I can think of. Why do you ask?”
“These are questions we never have to ask at this point of the investigation because we always have an identity.” Lang paused. “We are dealing with an unregistered Vampire. His DNA is not on file.”
“Well, that’s unusual isn’t it? I thought the clerical process was foolproof.”
“Well according to your boss, it is. So, that just leaves one other possibility-an illegal conversion…and that’s what brings us to see you. You have firsthand knowledge of the security measures associated with this kind of operation. Is it a valid possibility?”
“Well, security is a lot more lax around here since we’re not performing any more conversions. Hundreds of people have been laid off and more will follow I’m sure.”
“But it would have to be performed by an experienced technician, right?”
“Yes, absolutely.”
“Could you possibly provide us with a list of technicians and please highlight the ones that have already been laid off.”
“I would be happy to do that.”
Lang stood and Genn managed to un-wedge himself.
“Thank you for your cooperation, and I am sorry about Elizabeth Bower. I assure you, we’ll do all we can to bring this selfish Vampire to justice.”
“Thanks, and if I think of anything further, I’ll give you a call.” Tasha took the detective’s card.

Lang looked up at Genn as they walked to the car. “Did you notice that she never asked who the murderer was. We had to tell her that we had no identity. That’s one of the first questions people ask.”
“Maybe she was just in shock at the news.”
“I know different people react in different ways for different reasons, but, percentage wise speaking…most people ask that question, because they know we know, and they want to know if it’s anyone they know…ya know?”
Genn rolled his eyes, “Yeah, I know.” then zoned out for a few minutes as he drove.
“Where do all the humans come from, Genn?”
“From the base of the dome where they are bred for market,” Genn answered in monotone.
“And there is super tight security about humans coming up. Someone must have brought this human up…and the only people that can do that are the liaisons; the people who are in constant contact with humans and their development.”
“But we already talked to Kamber. He’s the head of that entire operation,” Genn reminded.
“But not hands on. We need to talk to a person who does the dirty work.”
Lang paused as she typed in search information and Genn pulled the car over.
“Here it is, Elsie Fleck-she’s the liaison manager for this region. Let’s try to see her.” Lang looked intently at Genn as she keyed a number into her phone. “Busy, damn it, I’ll try back in a few minutes.”

Elsie Fleck sat in her office, worried, heartbroken and jealous. She was relieved to hear her phone ring. “Elsie Fleck.”
“Hi buddy, guess who just left my office?”
Elsie didn’t like the direction this was headed. “Uhh, hi Tash…I’m not sure I want to hear.”
“Two homicide detectives.”
“Oh my life-blood. What did they want?”
“Well, it seems they are investigating the first murder of a rising up and comer in the world of serial murderers. And here’s the kicker…he’s an unregistered Vampire.”
“Shit. What did you tell them?”
“As little as possible of course. I did mention that since the passing of the Great Edict, security has relaxed considerably and an illegal conversion isn’t out of the realm of possibility.”
“You didn’t mention illegal transformation first, did you?”
“No, of course not. They came up with that one all on their own.”
“I think it was good what you said about the lax security measures now. That means anybody could have done it.”
“Well, any technician, they realize that. The woman detective asked me for a list of qualified technicians. She seems pretty sharp. We’ll have to be careful.”
“Just don’t offer any information, but gladly get whatever they ask for.”
“That’s the same conclusion I came to. They’ve already been to see Kamber.”
“Shit.”
“And like I said, she seems sharp, so you may be getting a call soon. It was a woman in my department by the way.”
“What? Who was?”
“The victim, it was Elizabeth Bower. You met her briefly when you told me about Drake the other day. He probably had her in his sights, even then. He obviously chose her for a reason. You’d better not tell the cops you know yet, or they’ll know that I was in touch with you.”
“Good idea. Okay, I’d better go. I’m so sorry about this, Tasha.”
“Uh-huh…this wasn’t supposed to happen. You really messed up. Hopefully our lives don’t get messed up. You know they could try us as accessories to murder or something serious like that-and I believe that’s the death penalty.”
“We won’t get caught. If we stick to our story they can’t prove anything.”
“What about when they catch Drake and Megan; they may inform on us.”
“Drake won’t get caught. My fear is what he may start.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, if he manages to get to the base and raise the alarm-we may have a revolt on our hands.”
“Crap. We are doomed if we come clean and we may be responsible for a revolution if we don’t tell. For the love of crimson, what do we do?”
“For now, we protect ourselves. We’ll reassess at a later date. I won’t cancel his line of credit. That will make it easier for him to elude capture. And I am in the process of acquiring information on where the card was used. If I can locate Drake first maybe I can talk some sense into him. What a jam.”
“That’s putting it mildly. Let me know if the cops come to call.”
“I will.” Elsie hung up the phone and paced, trying to get herself together. She actually hoped for the call from the detectives, the sooner the better, just to get it over with. Finally her phone rang.
“Hi Ms. Fleck, I have a call for you-it’s the police.”
“Thank you Wendy. Put it through…Elsie Fleck speaking.” Elsie could tell her voice sounded more shrill than usual. Calm…calm.
Lang set up a meeting that Elsie was glad to accommodate right away. Genn rolled his eyes and turned the car around, yet again.
Elsie paced, jaw clenched. The 5 minutes it took for the detectives to arrive felt more like 5 hours. Finally they arrived and introduced themselves.
“We have already talked to Mr. Kamber, but we wanted to talk to someone on the front line; someone with direct experience of transferring humans from the base and preparing them for conversion, and naturally, your name came up.”
“Well, I’ll be glad to offer you my opinion on anything that you think may help in your investigation.”
Lang smiled. “Thank you. First, is it possible for a human to be smuggled up from the base?”
“It’s very unlikely.”
“Why?”
“Well, there just isn’t any opportunity to do so, and there are security measures that would make it extremely difficult.”
“What if a human had a Vampire accomplice?” Genn asked.
“But, what motive would the Vampire have to engage in such a risky endeavor?”
“Love?” Detective Lang put out there. “What if a Vampire was upset, that a human, they had foolishly allowed themselves to fall in love with, was destined to be fodder? That Vampire may be desperate enough to try to save that human.”
“More likely a Vampire woman would try something like that, than a man,” Genn added.
Elsie felt a wave of anxiety. “Umm…why?”
“I just mean that women are more likely to fall in love with a human than a Vampire man; statistics prove it.”
“Yes. I suppose you’re right.”
“What percentage of the supervisors are women?” Genn asked.
“About half, or maybe a third.”
“I suppose management has recognized it as a possibility because it’s actually less than 25 percent,” Lang corrected.
Elsie stiffened. “Oh, I wasn’t aware of the current figures. But, I’m sure you’ve already investigated the impeccable records and admirable traits of that 25 percent.”
Lang smiled and sat back. “We will thoroughly check the character and records of all supervisors, men and women as soon as we can. This investigation is new and unique and the passing of the Great Edict has certainly changed the dynamics of things.” Lang paused. “Previous to its passing, I suppose a woman in your position could recommend anyone she became fond of.”
Elsie controlled her blossoming dislike towards the detective. “Yes, but I have been well schooled in ethics and favoritism.”
Lang continued, “But now, with conversions halted that avenue has been closed. So a desperate woman that has allowed herself to perhaps, fall in love with a human and was counting on it happening, would now not be able to meet that need.”
Elsie felt the blood pulsing in her temples. “Well, I’m the only one that has occupied this position for almost 2 hundred years, so that would mean that you may be implying that I have done something irregular,” Elsie sounded offended.
“I’m sorry, Ms. Fleck-we are after all, police officers. We are trained to dig and imply and ask probing questions. There are dozens of different scenarios that could have led to this unfortunate case; most likely a clerical error that Mr. Kamber will never admit to. And we are in unfamiliar territory. We usually already have the identity of the perpetrator, so we are scrambling for any helpful information. We may have to actually work for our paycheck this time.” Lang smiled, Genn chuckled and Elsie felt a little of the tension loosen.
“That’s alright, I understand, but I’m afraid I can’t think of anything that may help you. Maybe this unauthorized Vampire was converted hundreds of years ago and has just now turned murderous. Who knows how long he has really been around,” Elsie said.
“At first we thought that it was an experienced Vampire as well, because he mesmerized her so quickly and effectively, demonstrated by the lack of bruising. But then we thought that maybe he was a fairly recently convert. Some Vampires are very gifted at that aspect. Maybe our murderer is one of these exceptional individuals.”
Elsie sat back in her chair. “Possibly, but going by statistics and the law of averages; it’s more likely a Vampire that has been around for a while, unhappy and frustrated with his situation, whatever that is, and has finally turned to murder. It happens all the time-the only difference this time is that it is an unregistered Vampire. I don’t envy you in your task, but I wish you good luck.”
“Thank you for your time Ms. Fleck. Please let us know if anything comes to mind.” Lang got up and Genn followed. “Oh by the way,” Lang said. “I already talked to Tasha Murdock in your conversion lab. Do you know Ms.Murdock?”
“Yes, I know her and have talked to her a few times at company functions.”
“Yes, this is a huge operation with hundreds of employees. It must be hard to know everyone. She’s providing us with a list of qualified conversion technicians. Would you be able to provide us with a list of base supervisors?”
“Of course.”
Elsie watched them leave, then called Tasha.
“Well, you were right; they showed up right on cue. The woman is pretty sharp, but, they have nothing but theories-there is no concrete evidence against us. We just need to be calm. But she is an annoying little bitch.”
“And did you see her partner? He looks like he’s been eating pretty well-for hundreds of years.”
“Let’s try not to worry, they really have nothing.”
“Unless they find them and Drake implicates us.”
“I don’t think a human can testify against a Vampire, and Drake is unregistered, so his credibility would be in question. But it would definitely be awkward.”
***
Genn turned the car onto the greenway. “So what do you think?”
“I think we nailed the scenario. Elsie Fleck had the opportunity and Tasha Murdoch has the expertise. I’d bet they are good friends. We need to do some more digging and I’m sure things will become clearer. Pull over.”
Genn did as he was told. “You know Ms. Fleck had a good point about the perp. It makes more sense…statistically speaking. And you’re always throwing statistics in my face.”
“I know, but sometimes it is the lower percentage thing that turns out to be the reason. That’s why the stats never come up as 100 percent. This may be one of those times and we can’t overlook it. And besides, you can’t tell me that you didn’t sense a lot of tension in those interviews. Obviously we don’t know their personalities but it’s too coincidental for me that they reacted the way they did. Kamber was the only one of the three that didn’t get rattled by the questioning, but he seemed guarded. It’s just too many little things that give me a feeling deep in my core that we are on the right track. We need to keep digging.”
“Do you want to interview Kamber again?” Genn asked.
“No, I don’t think we’ll get any more out of him. We may just tip him off with our suspicions and make it easier for him to cover anything up. We need to go lower, I think. Let’s go back and wait for Kamber’s receptionist to leave. We’ll just introduce ourselves and ask some simple questions. We may get lucky or we just may get more tiny snippets of interesting information that will help to solidify our theory.”
“Our theory?”
“Yes, our theory.”
“So we’re going back there again?”
“Sorry, but I’m new at this actually having to work to find the murderer.”
Genn turned the car around and looked over at his partner. “You’re enjoying this aren’t you?”
Lang smiled. “It does add an element of challenge to our job, don’t you think? And yes, I do find the challenge exhilarating. But with any murder investigation, I just want to find the perp., before he can ruin more innocent lives.”
They sat in the parking lot waiting for Kamber’s receptionist to leave.
“I hope Kamber doesn’t come out first and notice us. There aren’t a lot of cars in the lot,” Genn said.
“Even if he does, I don’t think there would be time to warn his receptionist to keep her mouth shut, but he may have already done so. Her name is Kimberly Forrester, by the way.”
“Is that her?” Genn asked.
Lang’s heartbeat quickened. “Yep, that’s her. Let’s go.”
They exited the car and walked quickly towards Kimberly. She noticed and recognized the detectives walking towards her and slowed her own pace.
“Ms. Forrester, I’m sorry to interrupt you, but I was wondering if we could have a few minutes of your time,” Lang said.
“Yes, of course. Mr. Kamber didn’t tell me what was going on, but I’m assuming some sort of crime was committed within the department?”
“Yes, a murder.”
Kimberly’s eyes opened wide. “Oh my goodness, I never imagined it was such a serious crime. Who was murdered?”
“A woman named Elizabeth Bower. She worked in the lab area of the building. Did you know her?” Genn asked.
“No, I’m sorry, I didn’t. Who is the scum that murdered her?”
“We don’t know yet. That’s why we’re asking questions to any one in hopes of picking up any kind of information,” Lang said.
A puzzled look contorted Kimberly’s face. “I don’t get it-I thought there was always DNA and therefore a positive ID.”
“Yes, this is a first for us. It seems we have an unregistered Vampire on our hands. When we came to see Mr. Kamber a short time ago, he told us that it is impossible…yet here we are.”
“Well I’ll do anything I can do to help. I hate murderers. They’re just selfish Vampires who have lost the will to live and take as many innocent Vampires, usually women, with them before they go. Why don’t they just kill themselves and leave everybody else alone.”
“Some of them do just kill themselves, while ever increasingly, the selfish, mad at the world ones, leave a path of destruction before they are caught,” Lang said. “We’ve also been to see Tasha Murdock, who works on the lab floor.”
“I know Tasha, she’s super nice.”
“And Elsie Fleck, whom I’m sure you know.”
“Yes, she’s in here all the time-or at least, she used to be.”
“Yes, I suppose things have changed around here quite drastically the last couple of months. We interviewed Ms. Murdock and Ms. Fleck separately, but they seem to be very close.”
“Oh yeah, they’re really good friends. Have been since I’ve known them.”
“And how long is that?” Lang asked, and Genn glanced at his partner.
“Well, I’ve worked here for 52 years, and I met them both at a party shortly after I started here.”
“Going back to Mr. Kamber for a minute. He was very helpful to us and provided us with a wealth of information that we need to follow up on. I think we kind of caught him off guard though, and he said he would get back to us with any additional information.”
“Probably something to do with the file he asked me to get for him, right after you left.”
“Oh good, so he found something. Hopefully it’s something that will help us in our investigation. Is he still in?” Lang asked.
“His car is still here. He disappeared after I got him the file, though, so I’m not sure where he is, specifically. And the building is locked now.”
Genn clued in to his partner’s strategy. “Too bad, we were hoping to get a jump on this investigation, before another innocent woman is murdered by this selfish piece of crap.”
“Well, I probably shouldn’t pass on this information, but if it will help I don’t mind doing it; especially if it saves a life. And I’m sure if it is important, Mr. Kamber will pass it on anyway. Just try to sound grateful if he calls you with it, and don’t tell him that I already mentioned it…he’d be really angry with me for overstepping my bounds.”
Lang smiled warmly. “Don’t worry, our lips are sealed. Right, Genn?”
Genn nodded. “Right. No problem.”
“He asked me to get a file on a human named, Drake Ulah. It’s a name that I’ve heard before.”
“Really?”
“Yes, Ms. Fleck was really high on this human. She had big plans for him once he was converted. Apparently he was some sort of genius or something. But the Great Edict put an end to that. Mr. Ulah just missed the deadline and the board of directors wouldn’t make an exception for him. Do you think he has something to do with the murders? I know for a fact that he was never converted, so it couldn’t be him.”
“To be honest with you, Kimberly, we don’t have a clue at this point ourselves. Like I said, this is new territory for us. Can you think of anything else that may be helpful to us?”
“Not off the top of my head, but if I do, I’ll call you right away.”
Kimberly took the business cards from the detectives and they went on their separate ways.
On the way back to their car, “Mistake number one. Elsie Fleck lied about her friendship with Tasha Murdock.”
“This is getting interesting. You’re rather good at this. How did you know how to ask just the right questions?” Genn said with a look of admiration.
“Just naturally nosey, I guess.”
“And now we have a name. How significant do you think it is?”
“I’m hoping, very. I mean, it could be just coincidence, but I have a hunch that this Ulah human isn’t human anymore. And it lines up with our theory of the Great Edict putting a stop to Elsie Fleck’s plan. A plan that has gone astray and I’m sure has put her and her accomplice in a panic.”
“What’s our next move?” Genn asked.
“We look up the file on this Mr. Ulah, and I’ll bet when he was put up for auction, guess who was there to pay top dollar for him?”
“Elsie Fleck?”
“Either her or Tasha Murdock, but my bet is Ms. Fleck. She’s a woman who works closely with humans and if she allowed herself to fall in love with one of them, assuming and counting on the fact that he would be converted, but the Great Edict ruined her plans. So she buys him and talks Ms. Murdock, her longtime friend, into performing an illegal conversion.”
“You’ve got it all figured out. Where to now?” Genn asked.
“Back to the precinct.”
“Are you sure we won’t be coming back here in the next few minutes, again?”
Lang smiled. “Nope-we’re done for now.”
***
Kamber walked down the hall with a grim expression on his face.
Elsie Fleck was surprised and uneasy when he strode into her office and threw a hard copy file onto her desk.
“Where is he?” Kamber asked.
“Where is who?”
“You know perfectly well who. Open the file.”
Elsie’s mind raced as she slowly opened the file. “Oh, Mr. Ulah. Yes I purchased him and fed from him months ago, as per your suggestion. And you were right, it was a very satisfying kill.”
“You’re lying. You wouldn’t have killed him this soon. It would have taken you decades to be able to do it…if ever. I can’t believe you did this. If I have a blemish on my record because of you, I’ll do all I can to make sure you pay the ultimate price. Where is he now? Or do you even know.”
“I’m looking for him as we speak, Mr. Kamber. I can’t believe it has come to this. But I assure you; I’ll find him and put an end to it before it comes back on you.”
“You had better Elsie, your life and my career depend on it.”
“I know. I’m so sorry.”
“With all your training, experience and warnings that you were headed towards heartache, how could you possibly have done this? I never imagined you would take it to this level of stupidity. And I assume Ms. Murdock is your accomplice?”
Elsie sinking expression answered his question.
“To drag her into this as well, and for her to even go along with such a mad scheme is unfathomable. I am so disappointed with the two of you. I don’t want you back in the office until you find Ulah. Do you have any leads?”
“Just the purchasing records of Drake’s expenditures on the line of credit I provided him. I’m just waiting for the information. I should have it later today, they said.”
“And what do you intend on doing if you find him?”
“I don’t know. I’m hoping I can convince him to come home. Once I get him back, I’ll figure out what to do.”
“He needs to die. It’s the only way. And the body disposed of so the authorities can’t get their hands on him. Keep me informed every step of the way. And don’t tell those detectives anything. But if it comes to it and you get caught…I will deny everything. Do you understand?”
“Yes sir.”
Kamber turned on his heel and walked out.

Genn felt a little twinge of hesitation when he drove past his customary turn around point, but was relieved to get past it without Lang telling him pull over. Lang was deep in thought and had requested the personal records of their suspect which were at her desk when they arrived. It didn’t take long to see that their suspicions were not so farfetched after all.
“Just as we suspected, Genn, Fleck was Ulah’s counselor and sponsor. Apparently Ulah had great promise but missed the deadline. You don’t have his purchase history there , do you?”
“I think so…yes, here it is from the blood shop. Purchased almost 6 months ago by…Elsie Fleck.” Genn looked up from the document.
“Bingo.” Lang continued to read over the material. “It seems he was assigned as a breeder. That must have just about sent Elsie Fleck over the edge.”
“What do you mean?” Genn asked.
“I mean, she would have been consumed with jealousy. But it seems he and his partner decided not to procreate.” Lang thought for a moment. “You know why?”
“No, why.”
“Because by this time, Ulah had been informed of the secrets of the Empire, before the rug was pulled out, so he knew what the humans were being bred for and didn’t want to be a part of it.”
“Here’s something interesting,” Genn said as he continued to look at blood shop records. “Ms. Fleck made some female purchases around this time frame. And as I look back over the years, she has never, ever, bought female blood stock before.”
“Hmm, let me see those as soon as your done,” Lang asked and Genn handed them over directly. “Very interesting. We can almost pinpoint the time that the illegal conversion was performed. Except the first female purchase was months before the next few that are in a cluster. Hmm, this name looks familiar, I just saw it, I think.” Lang grabbed the report she had just been looking at. “Megan Durham. It’s the same name. What in crimson. Ulah was paired with this woman as a breeder and then through some sort of third person transaction, she was purchased by Ms. Fleck. This Megan Durham was Fleck’s first female purchase, and it wasn’t for another 3 months that she made her next female purchases. That’s unusual,” Lang said as she sat back in her chair and rocked, then keyed in a request on her computer, tagged urgent. A short time later her information arrived. “Megan Durham was raised in the same area as Ulah and they worked on the same farm. I have a hunch they were sweethearts, but for the life of me I can’t understand why Elsie Fleck would buy her.”
“If Ms. Fleck was in love with Ulah, maybe he insisted that she buy Durham and save her from someone’s bloodstock,” Genn ventured.
“Maybe. That must have just eaten her up inside to have a human woman in her house that Ulah was in love with.”
“She still may be around,” Genn suggested.
“It’s worth another visit to Ms. Fleck, I think.”
“Couldn’t we just call her?”
“No, then we don’t get the full effect of her reaction. But, I want to go to her house. Let’s wait until she’s home and pounce on her then. I think we’re on the right track, Genn.”
“And I thought you were way off base with this crazy theory, but it just keeps getting crazier.”
The detectives decided to show up unannounced at Elsie’s house. They knocked and Christopher opened the door.
“Good afternoon. We noticed Ms. Fleck just got home and wondered if we may have a word with her. I’m Detective Lang and this is Detective Genn.”
The color draining from Christopher’s face did not escape notice.
“We’re investigating a murder and hope that Ms. Fleck can help us with some information on a Mr. Drake Ulah,” Genn said, and they both watched for Christopher’s reaction.
His next expression was one of shock. He stammered that he would fetch his employer.
“May we come in?” Lang asked.
“Yes, of course. Make yourselves comfortable.” Christopher led them into the sitting room.
When he had left…“He knows what’s going on,” Lang said and Genn agreed.
In another part of the house Elsie looked over Drake’s transaction record. He was staying at the Balmoral, downtown. He picked an expensive enough hotel, Elsie thought to herself. Just then, Christopher walked in.
He just stood there with a stunned look on his face.
Elsie looked up at him and waited. “What is it, Christopher?” she finally said in an exasperated tone.
“Umm, there are 2 police detectives in the sitting room Ms. Fleck,” Christopher’s voice sounded nervous.
Elsie’s face went blank. “What did you tell them,” she whispered.
“Nothing, Miss, just like you told us.”
“Why did you let them in?” she said as she got up.
“I don’t know, I guess I got nervous.”
“Well, make yourself scarce. Don’t come out until they’re gone.”
“Yes, Miss.”
“Ahh, detectives. It’s good to see you again, so soon,” Elsie said through an artificial smile.
“Good afternoon Ms. Fleck, so sorry to bother you again. We have just come across 2 names in our investigation and we’re interested to ask you about them,” Lang said.
Elsie felt her level of tension rise even more.
“Do Megan Durham or Drake Ulah still reside here?”
“Let me think for a minute. Oh no I’ve already fed from them. They went into the cadaver bin weeks ago. Why do you ask?”
“Oh, they are just 2 humans of interest. We are curious as well to the sudden interest in human women. It interrupts a pretty consistent buying pattern,” Lang said.
“It’s a personal matter. Experimentation and variety…that’s all.”
“Yes, of course. We don’t intend on prying into a person’s privacy, but sometimes within an investigation we need to follow a particular path of questioning. Going back to Mr. Ulah, he certainly is an interesting case; a human that showed so much promise, missing the deadline for conversion by so little. I can’t believe that Mr. Kamber and the board wouldn’t have made provisions for one so exceptional. It must have been very difficult for you, to bring this brilliant youngster along over the years, knowing how much he would benefit our society. And then to lose him right at the crucial moment. It must have been a bitter loss for you.”
“I have been trained to not get too attached to my charges, but yes, I must admit it was disappointing.”
“I’m sorry, please permit me another personal question, woman to woman. Why did you buy him after he was designated as blood stock?”
“I suppose I hoped that the panel of elders would change their decision regarding Mr. Ulah and putting him up in my home was just my way of trying to help the Empire become stronger. Because he was brilliant-it was such a waste.”
“But you ended up feeding from him only months later.”
“I guess I just got frustrated, and I could tell nothing was going to change. They really missed a great opportunity to make the Empire stronger, and I fully believe that Mr. Ulah would have made a difference.”
“Is it difficult to work so closely with a human and then feed off him? It seems like one would have to develop some sort of relationship with the individual.”
“I am highly trained not to let my personal feelings enter into any aspect of my function as a human liaison. Feeding from him was nothing more than any other feeding session.”
“We understand that Megan Durham was some sort of sweetheart to Mr. Ulah. Is that why you purchased her, for his comfort?”
Elsie felt her face flush with emotion and took a moment before answering. “Yes, something like that, but they are both gone now, so none of that really matters anymore. Now, I feel like I’ve answered all of your questions and have given you enough of my time.” Elsie stood up.
“Yes, you have been very patient with us. Thanks again for your time. We’ll keep in touch,” Lang said as she and Genn rose from the couch.
Christopher retreated from his eavesdropping; quickly tip toeing away in stocking feet. He put his slippers back on and walked into the kitchen where Margaret was working.
Elsie stormed past.
They watched her pass by. “Thank goodness she didn’t come in. What if the police want to question us?” Christopher asked.
“Then we play dumb. We just work here, that’s all. They’re all just blood stock to us, nothing more. What a bloody clot you’ve gotten us all into.” Margaret glared at Christopher.
He hung his head and walked out of the kitchen. Christopher felt confused and worried about the entire predicament that he was responsible for. He liked Drake, and wished him the best, but now he may be a killer, unleashed on the populace of the dome by none other than Christopher Landis. He heard Elsie thundering down the stairs and scurried for cover. She passed by in a flurry of rage and was out the front door with a slam. Christopher peeked out of the window to watch her go, then took a couple moments to wipe the dust from the sill. A car passed. He recognized Genn in the driver’s seat. Christopher came out of hiding, relieved that Ms. Fleck was out of the house. Feeding of the blood stock would not be for an hour so he performed some minor clean-up duties. Ms. Fleck got so annoyed if her little messes around the house were not cleaned up after her. Ms. Fleck’s computer desk was in disarray and an open file caught Christopher’s eye as he straightened it out. It was a transaction record in Drake’s name, bankrolled by Ms. Fleck. The Hotel Balmoral stood out. Christopher thought for a moment. “I’m going to the grocery store to pick up some stuff the blood stock asked for. I’ll be back in a bit.”
Margaret didn’t answer but grumbled something under her breath.
***
“Too bad we couldn’t have questioned the staff at Ms. Fleck’s,” Genn said as he walked to the car.
“We’ll need their testimony for a conviction when the time comes, but for now we know what we need to know: she fell in love with a human, her plans got spoiled and she chose to convert him illegally. Now he’s escaped from her home and is a bitter and vengeful murderer. I think she purchased Megan Durham to appease an unhappy Ulah so that he would be a more amiable escort for Ms. Fleck. I would venture to guess that Drake took Megan with him, and is now out in public with her. Perfectly acceptable in our society and they can blend in easily.”
“Where to?” Genn asked.
“Let’s pull away and circle the block. I’d like to follow her if she goes somewhere; we may get lucky.”
Genn glanced over and nodded. “I hate to say it because of the seriousness of the situation but, I’m enjoying this investigation more than any other.”
“I know exactly what you mean; there is a challenge to this one that we’ve never had before. It kind of makes it more exciting. Maybe just because it has broken the monotony of every other case we’ve worked on.”
“And you’re amazing. I don’t know how you come up with these theories. And the way you probe witnesses with questions and read their reactions is quite remarkable. And eventually it starts to paint a picture.”
Genn pulled into a parking spot far enough away to be inconspicuous, but close enough for a good view of Elsie’s house. After only a few minutes they saw Elsie dash out of her home.
“There she goes,” Lang said.
Genn started their vehicle and gunned it to catch up.
“Don’t follow too close, but don’t lose her either.”
Genn’s face was tense with concentration. “I’ll do my best.”
Genn managed to keep visual contact but not be seen. It helped that Elsie’s sole attention was focused on her own plight.
Elsie pulled into the Hotel Balmoral parking lot. Striding into the lobby and directly to the service counter she produced her master credit card, demanding to know what room was being charged to her card. The young woman on the other side of the counter eagerly provided the information to the distraught customer, glad to get her out of her face.
Elsie took the lift to the 95th floor and looked for the room number. She took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Megan answered. Both stood there, transfixed to see the other woman. They had met before, years ago, when Elsie was interviewing young humans. She had stacked the cards against Megan as soon as she noticed the attraction shared between Drake and her and had not seen her since, even while Megan lived under her own roof. Elsie’s blood boiled at the sight of her.
“Where’s Drake?”
“He’s not here.”
Elsie pushed past her and stalked around the room peeking into all the areas.
“Where is he?”
“Where you put him! You made him what he is.”
“You mean he’s not back yet?”
Megan reined in her hate just a bit. “No.”
“Crap. You know he murdered someone.”
“He murdered a murderer, you mean.”
Elsie spun around, infuriated by the comment. “It’s not the same thing!” she thundered.
“How can you say that! A life is a life. What makes you think your life is more important than anyone else’s.”
“And you, why do you think your life is more important than the cows and pigs and chickens you butcher and devour?”
“It’s totally different and you know it is!”
“It’s exactly the same. Just because you are smarter than those animals, that makes it okay to lead them to slaughter? We all need to kill to survive, accept it.”
Megan bit her lip, and looked down to hide her fury.
Elsie, too, tried to calm herself. “I need your help,” Elsie said in a calmer voice.
Megan recognized the sudden change of mood and gladly went with the flow. She and Elsie had one common thread of interest, and that was their undying dedication to Drake’s well being. “What did you have in mind?”
Elsie took a seat on the couch and Megan followed.
“We need to band together for what’s best for Drake; don’t you agree?”
Megan felt as though she had the advantage. “Yes, as long as it is what’s best for him.”
“We need to convince him to come back-back to my home. It’s safer there. The authorities really have nothing on him until they find him and match his DNA. It’s easier to hide there. As long as he stops his homicidal conduct, I think interest and focus will diminish and eventually go away. And you’ll both be safe for the rest of your lives.”
Megan smiled, with a glimmer of wicked. “The rest of your life being a lot longer than mine.”
“Yes, but let’s not lose focus from the matter at hand. If you’re caught, Drake will be executed.”
Megan stood up and paced. She had so many things to consider. But, as she thought, she knew there was really only one direction to take, and Megan knew that it was the only course of action Drake would even consider.
“Nothing I say will sway him. His mind is set.”
“Set for what? To continuing murdering until he is eventually caught? Think of your child. If you help me convince him to come back home, I promise to provide a safe refuge for you and your child for its entire life.”
“Drake would demand that anyway. And I wouldn’t trust your word if something happened to Drake.”
“Nothing will happen to him if we can get him back home. He is still protected by his anonymity, but two detectives have visited me twice today and they have already pieced things together. But, they have absolutely no evidence, yet. We can still correct this if we act quickly. He committed the murder last night-has he returned from that yet?”
Megan looked down. “No he hasn’t.”

Chapter 12
The Dragnet
Drake left the murder scene feeling energized. He walked instead of taking the bus, and it felt good to burn off some of that nervous energy. The feed was satisfying. More from a revenge angle than sustenance, though. He walked all night, his mind alive with ideas and worries. When the lights brightened in the morning the people came out. With the exercise and the taste of payback still on his lips, Drake craved another kill. It didn’t help that the streets were full of pretty young women dressed in appealing fashions, designed to highlight a woman’s most attractive features. Drake found it interesting that he could be so attracted, yet so repulsed by the same women. Both drove him in different ways. He wished he could feed constantly, and as the centuries marched on, he would single handedly wipe out the entire Vampire race-until it was only he left. The thought of becoming a hero appealed to him, and he would be doing the world of humans a great and necessary service. He warned himself not to look too far ahead and to keep his attention and focus on the tasks at hand, and hopefully his dreams would be fulfilled. But right now, desire was building within him. He stopped at a park bench and pulled out his pocket computer and brought up his Blood Shop file, but it would take time to plan his next kill this way, and there were so many potential victims just walking around. He felt intoxicated by the smorgasbord of sexy revenge that he found around every corner. Drake looked up as a woman jogged by; her long, slender muscles rippling, hi-lighted by darker skin pigmentation. Her bushy black hair bounced in a pony-tail and swung back and forth with each stride. Drake felt his gums swell, and the telltale pin prick on his inner lower lip. He adjusted his jaw to escape further discomfort, watching the jogger until she was too far away to enjoy. Drake stood and continued on his way, on the lookout. He saw a woman standing at a bus stop across the street, talking to a man. She was dressed in form-hugging leggings. Drake watched out of the corner of his eye as he walked by. A woman walking her dog rounded the corner dressed in baggy grey sweats revealing nothing of her figure, but her alluring walk and half hidden pretty face still attracted Drake. He turned his head. Her dark, rich, red hair flowed behind her in a ponytail through the back of her baseball cap. Drake circled the block and slowed his pace when he saw her again. She walked to a park. The large green area was surrounded by housing but quite private once deep into the heavily forested area. Drake averted his gaze as a chatting couple walked towards and past him. He followed the redhead deeper into the park but realized the excitable dog would be a complication. He noticed the girl who had jogged by earlier, stretching by a short length of fencing. She glanced up for a moment noticing Drake’s approach. Drake walked over to her but kept at a comfortable distance.
“Hi, I’m sorry to bother you. I’m taking a short cut through the park and I’m afraid it hasn’t turned out to be such a short cut. I’ve been wandering around in here for almost an hour. All the trails look the same, and I’m sure I’ve passed by this very rock three times already!” Drake said in a cheerful tune.
The girl smiled. “Where are you trying to get to?”
Drake scanned the girl head to toe. The long tanned and toned body heightened Drake’s desire; her face, glowing with perspiration…lovely.
“Baker St. I was coming off Trinity and thought it was straight through, but I guess I somehow got turned around.”
“It’s easy to do. There are so many intertwining paths in here. I would suggest-because you seem direction challenged,” she smiled. “that you just take this path out of the park, turn right on the street, walk to the second light then make another right. Baker should be the 2nd or 3rd left,” she said with another smile.
“Thanks. And you’re right, I am direction challenged. I once lost my way in a phone booth.”
She laughed.
“This is a nice park to run in. I just moved to the area,” Drake said and inched closer, intent on making eye contact and holding her gaze.
A man walking his dog strolled by momentarily interrupting Drake’s focus. He briefly questioned his choice of location.
“Yes, I love it in here…it’s so peaceful and calm; it’s a good place to unwind.” Her smile remained, then ever so slowly faded as she looked deep into those hypnotic brown eyes. Common sense told her to break eye contact now but she couldn’t…she didn’t want to.
Drake knew he had her, and slowly moved closer, his gaze never wavering. How could this be so easy? The woman’s mouth was slightly open, the smile had drooped away. The touch of Drake’s hands on her shoulders stimulated something deep within her, and she was powerless to resist. She slumped into the arms she longed to encircle her, still acutely aware of every touch, every emotion.
Drake heard voices approaching. He quickly but gently picked the woman up and carried her into the nearby brush. Branches and dry vegetation cracked under his feet and he squatted down as the strollers passed.
Carrying his prey deeper into the bushes, Drake lay her down on the soft forest floor and looked at her beautiful, peaceful face. What’s going through her mind right now? He wondered. And just how long would she remain in this vulnerable position before snapping out of it. Drake found his new talent fascinating, and so useful. The woman was his now, and he allowed himself a few moments of admiration. She was so beautiful. His mind went to Megan, and a feeling of guilt stabbed him in his gut. She’s just another selfish killer, he reminded. But, hate didn’t stimulate desire so Drake allowed himself a few moments of lustful feelings-just to get the job done he told himself. The sleeveless training top exposed her full upper chest area which enhanced the long graceful neck. The simple curves of the woman’s shoulders and collar bone area beckoned to him. Drake brushed his lips across her flesh, it was warm and alluring, from a fresh kill, exertion, or a combination of the two, Drake surmised. His fangs peeked out between his lips and he could sense her pulse through them. Taking it slow and easy, he pierced the flesh and paused at the throbbing rhythm of the artery. With each pulse, Drake’s desire heightened. He lingered as long as he could endure, then penetrated the coursing channel. The woman’s body went tense, then slowly relaxed as she uttered her last tender sounds.
***
Genn parked and watched Elsie walk briskly into the hotel lobby. Leaving their vehicle and walking in cautiously the detectives saw Elsie leave the information counter towards the lifts. They lurked at the entrance until she was gone.
Flashing their credentials Genn asked, “The woman you just served, what room did she go to?”
She looked at her screen. “9521. She asked about her card being used by someone she is sponsoring…a mister Jones.”
The detectives looked at each other.
“We don’t even have to question him or get a DNA sample from him; we can just arrest him because he’s an unregistered Vampire. Right?” Genn said.
“I would think so, but I have just as much experience as you in a matter like this. Actually, no one in the dome would have any experience in a matter like this.”
“Let’s just get authorization for the arrest; then at least our asses are covered.” Lang grabbed her phone, and Genn nodded his approval.
As Lang made the phone call a bus pulled up the curb outside the hotel. Christopher jumped out the back door and ran into the lobby, stopping in his tracks at the sight of Detective Lang talking expressively on her phone, and the unmistakable rear view of the stone block frame of Detective Genn.
Christopher retreated back outside and hid in a corner, his brow knotted in deep thought and uncertainty.
***
Drake felt a bloodlust inside him. It was so easy, and the taste of Vampire blood, so sweet. No hunger for sustenance was required at the moment, really, just the raw satisfaction of killing. His mind went to Megan and his heart softened. He must be careful not to go on an unnecessary rampage and put them at greater risk of capture. There were bigger and better plans for his blood lust to be fulfilled that he must give priority to. He walked the rest of the way back to the hotel; content, like a normal man coming home to his wife after a hard day’s work. His eyes alert, Drake saw a man pacing outside of the hotel…it sure looked like Christopher. Drake’s feeling of content quickly disappeared, and his pace quickened. Christopher saw him approach and waved him over to a secluded spot.
“Drake. I’m so glad you’re here. There’s two detectives in there looking for you. I think they’re still in the lobby. They were just at the house and they followed Ms. Fleck here. I didn’t see Ms. Fleck, though.”
“She’s probably already in the room with Megan. Damn, she’s trapped. Wow those detectives are sharp. I didn’t count on this. I’m so stupid. Do you know if they know what I look like?”
“I don’t know for sure.”
“Hmm. Where are they, exactly?”
“As soon as you enter the lobby-they are standing over to the left, kind of hiding behind a pillar. You can’t miss them; the male detective looks like a walking block of granite. What are you going to do?”
“I’m not sure yet. Go home, my friend. Thanks for the warning.” Drake placed his hand on Christopher’s shoulder then turned and walked towards the lobby entrance.
He saw them right away standing out of the way behind a large polished column. Lang was still on her phone and Genn closely watched the elevator. Drake bought a newspaper and slowly wandered that way taking a roundabout route. He got within earshot, sat on a couch and pretended to look through his paper. Drake’s eye went to a picture of Elizabeth Bower on the front page. The headline read, ‘The Scourge of the Dome, Another Murderer On The Loose.’ Wow. That was fast work, Drake thought to himself. He watched out of the corner of his eye as Genn looked over at him. No recognition, Drake was relieved, crossing one leg over the other and settling into his spot.
“No, we don’t know if he’s up there or not. But what we need to know is if we can just arrest him without positive DNA identification…No, that was an oversight on our part. But, the investigation has advanced so quickly that we didn’t have a chance to ask for a picture, or even a description.” Lang glanced at the handsome man sitting close by, reading the paper.
“Yes, I understand. Well, to be honest with you we’re dealing with a case that no one has any experience with, and considering that, I think we’ve made some good progress.” Lang looked over at Genn and rolled her eyes. “Yes, sir. We’ll do the best we can, just like always.”
Lang disconnected the transmission. “He wants us to wait and watch. He’s afraid of a law suit if we infringe on an innocent citizen’s rights. He says we need a positive DNA match before we make an arrest. We should have asked for a picture of Ulah; I can’t believe we didn’t. I’ll call Kamber and see if he can provide one for us.”
“The Captain should realize how fast and unconventionally this investigation has gone and cut us some slack. Bloodless hell, we wouldn’t be even close to where we’re at now if it wasn’t for your ingenuity,” Genn said.
Lang just shook her head and made a call. She watched the handsome man get up and walk away. He left his newspaper on the couch, front page exposed, with a picture of Elizabeth Bower smiling.
Drake walked over to the stairway and watched to see if the detective’s eyes followed; just Lang’s did, and he walked up to the first floor and caught the ascending lift. He walked into his room and immediately saw Elsie, grim faced with arms crossed.
“Out committing another murder?” Elsie asked.
“No, just a killing. That’s what you call it.”
“When you kill a Vampire…it’s a murder.”
“Well, I have to survive; you saw to that.”
“But you can’t survive on Vampires!”
“No?”
Elsie shook her head. “Drake. You’ve got to come home. There are detectives snooping around and somehow they got your name. I’ve told them you two are dead already, so if you come home and stop this homicidal madness, I think we may be able to ride things out. Please, Drake; I’m begging you.”
“The detectives are downstairs in the lobby. You led them here.”
“Crap! Why did you come up? Come with me, before you’re caught.”
“Why? Because then you’re caught, too? No, we’ll stay-at least for the time being. But you need to leave.”
“Me? I’m paying for this room. I should just cut you off. I had hoped it would help you blend in so you wouldn’t get discovered as quickly, but that didn’t work out…did it? How could you be so careless? That detective is too sharp. If you don’t stop and come home with me, you will be caught!”
“I’m comfortable here for now, but you’re right, we will have to move soon. Those detectives certainly did get my name quickly; I didn’t count on that.”
“It’s the woman, Detective Lang-she’s the one to watch out for.”
“Thanks for the warning…now please leave.”
Elsie stood up. “Oh! You’re so infuriating.” She turned to Megan and snarled, “Talk some sense into him!” then stormed out.
“What if she does cut us off?” Megan asked.
“She won’t; at least not yet. It’s the only way she has to track us. But she’s right, we do need to move.”
“When?”
“Pack our bags. The detectives will be called away soon. I’m just going down to the lobby to make sure.”
Elsie took the lift down to the lobby and looked around for the detectives. She saw them off to the side and they saw her, too. Lang was on her phone and didn’t look too concerned; she looked away, uninterested, but Genn’s body went stiff and his eyes were glued on Elsie. She looked down and walked briskly towards the door.
“Do we follow her?” Genn asked.
“No, what’s the point. We know where to find her and we know where she was just now. To question her is useless because she would only lie. As soon as I talk to Kamber, we should have a picture available to us. Yes, hello Mr. Kamber. We’ve come across a human that we have interest in and were hoping you could provide us with a likeness. His name is Ulah-Drake Ulah. Do you recognize the name? No? Well just a picture of him may be helpful. How long do you think it will take? Hmm. That long, huh. Okay, but as soon as you can provide it, please. And if you could send us his complete file it may prove helpful as well. Thanks, Mr. Kamber.”
“What did he say?” Genn asked.
“He said it may take a day or so to get it. It’s funny, though. He didn’t ask why we wanted a human’s file, or how we came upon the name. I suspect he may be in no hurry to provide us with Ulah’s file.”
“So, is there any point in waiting here? We really don’t know who we’re looking for. Although we could just go up to his room and possibly find him there. Just get acquainted and maybe provide ourselves with a visual ID that we may be able to match to the picture.”
Lang was distracted by the same handsome man she had seen in the lobby earlier. He exited the lift and walked out the front door. “Good thinking, Genn. Just a friendly chat brought about by false pretence.”
The plan was interrupted by the ring of Genn’s phone. “Genn here. Yeah, okay, we’re not far from there. We can be there in 5 minutes.”
“What is it?”
“A murder, in a park not far from here.” Genn raised his eyebrows as he spoke.
They moved quickly towards the door.
Lang was too focused now to notice the same handsome man standing close by, this time watching.

Genn and Lang arrived at the murder scene. Genn pulled out his DNA tester and scanned the wound.
“The same DNA profile as the Elizabeth Bower murder. Ulah.”
“Or so we assume. Just think Genn; this is a recent murder. While we were at the hotel looking for him…he was here.”
Lang thought back to that same man that she had noticed twice in the lobby of the hotel.
***
Drake checked out of the Balmoral and into the Excelsior, then the Regency, then the Imperial. Being more cautious now, he made sure to only stay overnight in each. Life seemed hectic now with changing accommodations and feeding his voracious appetite; killing at least once a day. Drake loved the intoxicating feeling of feeding from another Vampire, and the thought of one less Vampire in the dome. He dreamed of that glorious day, when he would gladly give himself up as the last Vampire. To be a hero, yet the enemy, curiously intrigued him.
Drake would leave Megan for many hours at a time, spending a lot of time at the transfer lifts. The security going down was strict, but not impenetrable. While growing up in the dome, Drake had periodically heard fables about blood sucking creatures that lived in the forest. He realized now that it was likely a clever Vampire that had stowed away in one of the lifts down to the base that had lived the good life, feeding on humans that were beyond his financial means up above-the cream of the crop, right there for the pickin’-free of charge. I wonder what the penalty is for that? Probably pretty serious; they couldn’t afford to have their food supply spooked. Drake discovered a lift that only transferred lumber, where security seemed to be the most lax, and concentrated his attention on it.

Lang and Genn were running all over the place to the most recent murder and to the latest hotel to accommodate Drake and Megan. They were always too late. They still didn’t have a picture of their suspect; Kamber had destroyed the only picture the police had access to and claimed that none existed in their files. After getting a few similar descriptions of Ulah from staff of the various hotels, Detective Lang again thought about the young man she had seen loitering in the lobby of the hotel Balmoral a couple of weeks back. She racked her brain for a new angle to focus their attention on. Surely he can’t hope to keep this up indefinitely, she surmised. What’s his next move? She thought about Elsie and her unwillingness to help them. She was their best resource for information…she and Tasha Murdock, but neither one was talking-understandable, considering how it would affect them if what Lang strongly suspected finally came out. But she may have confided in someone over the years; someone who would understand the gravity of what was going on; someone not completely selfish like Elsie and Tasha. Lang found the name of Elsie’s DNA donor, Phineas Fleck, and thought how close she was to her own father.
“I’m tired of treading lightly and being polite. Thirty-eight murders, Genn…that’s mind blowing. He’s exceeded our worst serial killers by 31 and we’re still no closer to catching this low life. There’s probably another body out there right now that we’ll have to attend in the next few hours. I want to bring in Elsie Fleck’s father. The Captain has warned us not to spread rumors and unfounded accusations but I think it’s time to take a risk; to really turn the screws on him. Can you handle that?”
Genn smiled. “Oh yeah…I’m up for that.”
***
The next day Phineas Fleck visited his daughter.
“Hi Dad, what’s up?”
“Well, I’ve been called into the police department for an interview. It seems this new Vampire serial killer that’s on the loose has somehow been linked to us. Can you shed any light on why they would even think this?” Fleck plopped himself into one of Elsie’s plush living room chairs.
“I have no idea. They seem to have an unregistered Vampire that’s committing the murders and think the conversion department is the best place to start looking for the identity of this man. They’ve been pestering me relentlessly for weeks and I’m getting fed up with the whole thing.”
“They must have a reason for questioning us. And actually Drake’s name came up in the conversation. Is he around?”
“No, I took your advice and fed from him.”
Elsie recognized her father’s look of disappointment.
“You did? I find that hard to believe considering the talk we had just recently, when you said there was no way you could part with him. How long has he been missing and how in the blood of the dome did he escape?”
Elsie turned away to avoid her father’s probing gaze. “I told you, I’ve killed him!” Elsie spoke in an annoyed tone.
Fleck recognized the mood and backed off. “All right, but you realize this man, whoever he is, has killed 38 innocent women in the last month and a half and if there is any way that I can help to put an end to his reign of terror, I will.”
Elsie’s jaw tensed. “You do whatever you feel necessary.” Elsie crossed her arms.
Fleck stood up. “Well, I can see I’m not going to get anywhere here. Maybe I’ll be able to get more answers from the cops. I’ll see you later.”
***
At the police station Fleck cracked like a coursing artery on a cold night and the information the detectives received was just what Lang and Genn were looking for-insight into the personality of this man and the obsession that Elsie had allowed herself to be pulled into.
“You do realize of course that if what we suspect is true, we may charge you as an accessory after the fact, and, for withholding information pertinent to a murder investigation,” the stern faced detective said.
He looked down at a clip board, running his finger along the page. “It’s been 6 weeks since the Elizabeth Bower murder. And since then, 37 more murders, by the same killer. A killer with no DNA records. The worst serial killer in Empire history, and the only killer, ever, that we have absolutely no idea who he is. Thirty eight beautiful, innocent women, with a millennia of experiences to look forward to, drained of their life blood in the prime of their lives. How many more will this wack-job butcher before we catch him. Come now Mr. Fleck, surely you don’t want any more murders on your conscience.”
Fleck would never admit that Drake was still alive or implicate Elsie in any way, but his body language and nervous demeanor told a different story. The devotion towards his daughter wasn’t touching at all…it was frustrating to the detectives. But even in his guarded state, Fleck painted a picture of a desperate woman in love with a human that couldn’t be converted into a Vampire as she had hoped and planned for. A woman that had at her disposal the means to illegally convert this human and thus keep her hopes alive. The interview reinforced their theory and added to their trepidation; this wasn’t just a Vampire tired of life out for one last blast of life, this was a Vampire on a mission. And it was obvious that he didn’t intend on feeding from humans ever again. Ulah had a hate and a focus that she had never experienced; he wanted to murder the entire Vampire race. But singlehandedly? He was too intelligent to believe he could achieve that monumental task. He needed help. The only place to get help was the base. And Drake’s ability to personally validate his incredible story made the plan credible, and scary. Lang and Genn explained to anyone that would listen, the danger that their society now faced from one rogue Vampire. To her relief-they listened. Security would be stepped up at all transfer stations.

Chapter 13
The Journey Home
Drake had discovered that a certain model of lumber transport truck had a good spot under the deck; just enough room for two people to hide.
“We don’t need to be panicky about it, just cool. We’ll pick our time and just walk by like a couple out for a walk. The trucks sit for a few minutes while the driver checks in and while the truck is being inspected. But the inspection is not very systematic. They do check under the truck, but our hiding spot is really obscured and there is no way to see us unless the inspector crawls right underneath and thoroughly checks-which they never do.”
They sat across the road in a comfortable hiding spot within a thicket of bushes. A truck of the proper make and model pulled up and parked.
“There’s one now,” Drake said as he scanned the area. No one was in sight.
“This could be it. We’ll wait until he goes inside. He’ll only be in there for a few minutes, so we’ll have to move right away.”
The driver did just as Drake had said.
“Okay, let’s go.”
They emerged from the bushes and crossed the street; walking at a comfortable pace. Drake looked front to back for anyone who may be in the area. The truck was so close now.
“Just look straight ahead,” Drake instructed Megan.
At the crucial time Drake pulled Megan with him towards the truck and ducked behind it. Just then a car rounded the corner and pulled up to the terminal. Four men climbed out and walked directly into the office.
Drake frowned. “Hmm, that’s out if the ordinary, but let’s go for it.” He led Megan under the empty deck of the truck. The truck would return with a load of lumber in a few days. They hoisted and wedged themselves into a secluded cavity that existed only because of the design of this particular truck. Drake put his index finger to his lips and said a silent prayer. They had only just settled into their spot when the driver returned with the inspector.
“Glad to get out of there,” the inspector said to the driver.
“What’s with all the suits?”
“Oh, every so often they step up inspection on the trucks. Usually right after a Vampire has smuggled himself down to the base and gone on a gluttonous spree.” He smiled.
The driver laughed. “What a way to go-a veritable free smorgasbord of young talent right at the tip of your fangs.”
“But, when they get caught, and they all do, it’s the death penalty.”
“Yeah, not quite worth it, but it’s nice to fantasize.”
“I’ll just be a few minutes. You’re the last, were almost full. Be nice to get the lift away in time, before the agents get in there. The inspector gave an even quicker check than usual, with his eyes always on the office door.
“Yeah, you’re good to go. Hopefully we can get you out of here on time,” the inspector said gesturing to the office.
The driver smiled. “Thanks Henry…see you next trip.”
“No problem, Jimmy. Have a safe journey.”
The diver climbed into the cab and fired up the engine. The lift was full of trucks. There was one void that the driver expertly backed into.
The inspector got on his radio. “Okay Fred. Let’s get this load away as soon as possible. A bunch of agents just pulled in and they’ll delay us for hours if they get a hold of it.”
Inside the office, the transport manager talked to a group of 5 men that crowded his office. “Yes of course. We always cooperate with the police. Just let me know what you want to do and we’ll try to accommodate. Just keep in mind that we have schedules to keep and deadlines to meet.”
“Like always, thank you for your cooperation. We’ll try to be as little of a disruption as possible. Every transfer site is to be reinforced with two more inspectors. The transport lift that is leaving now, can we catch it, and get 2 of my inspectors aboard?”
The manager looked out of his window. “The doors are already closed, and every truck was meticulously inspected. Can we start the procedure off with the next load?”
“Yes, of course. I’m not sure what’s going on but the elders seem very intense about this particular crackdown. Hopefully it won’t last too long.”
“Me too. These crackdowns always put us behind by days…sometimes even weeks.”
The doors of the massive elevator clanged shut and Drake breathed a sigh of relief.
“We’ll be the first ones off,” Drake whispered. “So we’ll have to stay put until the truck reaches its destination. Then we’ll have to find our way home somehow. It could be tricky. We won’t blend in as well as we did up top. It’s unusual for a supervisor to travel with a worker…particularly on foot.”
Drake could feel Megan’s warmth beside him and he felt a familiar desire stir. It would be more difficult to feed down there. There were more humans than Vampires at the base. For now, Drake just wanted to be off this truck and enjoying the feeling of being home again. His thoughts drifted to the rolling green meadows, chattering brooks and trees reaching towards the ceiling lights.
“How long will it take?” Megan asked.
“Only ten minutes or so.”
Megan’s excitement grew at the notion of getting back home to familiar people and surroundings. She put her hand down to her abdomen and said a short prayer. Life had taken so many radical twists and turns since she had left the base. Oh, if only Drake was still as he was before. She had a blood thirsty Vampire laying beside her…the father of her unborn child. It all seemed so impossible. She felt herself press closer to the steel frame of the truck. Drake noticed the subtle shift and felt his jaw tighten.
The elevator slowed, came to a halt and the doors groaned open. Before the roar of the motors, the welcome sound of song birds was a comforting music for the soul. The truck pulled out of the lift and hit the road, bound for the logging area not far off. Both Drake and Megan longed to get their first peek of the countryside, but right now just the green highway blurred below. The vehicle slowed and turned onto a logging road that twisted its way into a wooded area. In the distance and getting louder by the minute was the sound of saws and heavy equipment. The truck stopped and the sound assaulted their ears.
“Let’s wait a few minutes,” Drake spoke in a loud voice over the din.
“Okay-let’s go,” he said as he rolled himself off the platform and onto the scarred earth. He helped Megan down and they crawled out from under the transport. A quick peek around revealed a very busy work area. They slunk away…unnoticed. Wiping the dirt from their knees and hands the couple walked back to the highway. The trees towered around them, but it took a few minutes for them to be able to enjoy, and realize that they were now home. They smiled at each other, but didn’t allow themselves too much contentment. Hundreds of miles still lay between them and their familiar locality.
“We should be able to travel freely for awhile. We’ll certainly raise curiosity and questions, but until I start to feed, we should be okay.
Megan looked up at Drake. “Just Vampires, right?”
“Yes, Megan-just Vampires. It will be tricky though. There aren’t too many female supervisors, and we’ll raise questions wherever we go. I’ll have to hold off as long as we can. I tried to gorge myself before we left the dome because I knew it would be difficult. The problem is; as soon as I feed and the body is discovered, they’ll know that we are now on the loose down here. And we really stand out. A soon as word is spread, every Vampire at the base will be on the lookout for us. I’m not even sure how far from home we are.”
After a long hike the woods thinned and eventually the pair emerged into the open. Drake got his bearings by locating one of the massive ceiling supports looming in the distance. They were all constructed in a linear pattern so as to make it easy to find your direction. It’s either this way or that. Which way should we try first…we have a 50-50 chance. Megan selected the direction and they waited for a vehicle to hopefully hitch a ride.
“Can you please fix your hair,” Drake instructed as he wiped some dirt from her face.
“We may be able to use your looks to our advantage.”
Finally a truck laden with logs came down the road and Drake waved his arms at it. The driver stopped and opened his passenger door.
“Don’t see too many hitchhikers. Where you headed?” He eyed Megan and she looked down.
“We’re trying to get back to Glenndale. I tracked this runaway from there. She was a clever one. She’s old enough to start her new, exciting life up in the dome, but she got cold feet at the last moment and ran away. Some just can’t bear to leave the home that they’ve known for 22 years. Ya know what I mean?”
A puzzled look crossed the driver’s face. “We’ll two things come to mind. First thing is that you are a long way from home, and secondly, you’re going the wrong way. Glenndale is the opposite direction.”
Drake laughed heartily. “Oh my, I can’t believe I got turned around. It’s been a long trip.”
Drake noticed the driver’s gaze always returning to Megan, and lingering.
“Do you mind if she sits in your cab for a minute. She’s been complaining for hours that she’s so tired. I keep telling her, it serves her right for running away. She can rest while I talk to you for a few minutes…if you don’t mind.” As Drake talked, he helped Megan into the cab, all the while, watching the driver’s body language. Drake could tell that the driver was at the end of a long shift and needed to get back upstairs in order to satisfy his need. He was fidgety and excited as Megan sat next to him.
The rules were explicit to all Vampires: no feeding at the base, but just the prospect of sitting beside such a lovely young human woman was enough to make the driver lose his focus. The warmth and proximity of such beauty just fuelled his hunger. He didn’t even notice Drake leisurely walk around to the driver’s door.
Drake took a quick peek up and down the highway and pulled out the stiletto he had purchased days ago. The click of the blade was empowering. He felt relieved that they would now have transportation. They could hide the body in the woods. He wouldn’t be missed for a few hours and it would take days to find the body. This would be his first murder not by fang. The thought of unleashing his fury on another man appealed to him and he felt anger rise to the surface. A year ago, the thought of killing a man with his own hands would have never occurred to Drake, but now it electrified him. In one quick, catlike motion Drake had swung the driver’s door open and dragged the surprised driver down to the ground. Drake was the larger, stronger man, with fury and surprise on his side. The driver instinctively covered up his face but could feel the blows on his chest. A quick glance revealed the flash of metal and a glimpse of red. He now felt the blade drive deep, and knew his time was up. The scenario was so confusing to the shocked man, until it didn’t matter anymore. Drake stood over him panting. Blood dripped from the blade onto the pant-leg of the driver. Drake looked up and saw Megan’s horrified face. He felt the rage drain from him and felt it replaced by regret. “Sorry you had to see that.”
Megan looked away. She could hear Drake dragging the body around the front of the truck, and watched as he pulled it into the woods. She hardened herself to what she had just experienced and felt relieved that they now had a vehicle.
“Just remember, he was the enemy,” Drake said as he settled himself into the driver’s seat.
Drake was a little rusty, and this truck was definitely bigger than what he had gotten used to on the farm.
After making a jerky, erratic U-turn, “Don’t worry, I’ll get the hang of it.”
Drake looked over at Megan. “Don’t worry. This is our ride home. We’ll ditch it once we get close and walk the rest of the way. We’re almost home, baby!”
Megan ventured a weak smile and reached out to hold Drake’s hand; a gesture that brought a tear to Drake’s eye.
***
A few days had passed without any sign of the serial murderer that had been terrorizing Vampire women.
“I think we should all be very concerned, Genn,” Detective Lang said to her partner as they sat, bored in the police station.
Genn frowned. “His pattern has definitely been broken. He was good for a murder every couple of days…but now, nothing. That’s a good thing in a way, but it makes you wonder where he’s gone.”
Lang leaned back. “And his transactions have ceased-no hotel bills, and no food bills for his human companion. It scares me. I don’t know if the elders realize the implications if this guy manages to smuggle himself down to the base. This is no ordinary Vampire…this is a guy who could start a rebellion like we have never seen before. It could threaten our entire way of life. It would at least drastically affect our food supply for many years and the shock wave from it could take years to smooth out once we quash the rebellion. If we can suppress it; humans outnumber us 5 to 1.”
Just then, a prompt came up on Lang’s computer and she opened the message.
“This could be it. A lumber truck driver down at the base is missing. The driver and his truck haven’t showed up at their destination; he’s 5 hours late. So much for our extra precautions.”
Genn grabbed his jacket. “You think it could be Ulah?”
“The break in his pattern and now this information…yeah I’d bet it’s him. Let’s put out an APB on his truck and get a search party together to search the woods along the highway. I think the driver’s probably dead, and our fugitives are heading home,” Lang talked as they walked briskly to their vehicle.
“Do you think he would actually go to his home turf? Obviously we’re going to concentrate our search in that area,” Genn questioned.
“I know; he seems too smart for that. But, the base is a huge expanse to cover, so it’s the most logical place for us to start. And, it is his best hope to get support. Wow, I can’t believe this is actually happening…we could be in big shit.”
It didn’t take too long for the search to turn up the driver’s bloodied body. Genn and Lang didn’t waste time attending the crime scene.
“Hmm, no DNA and not his usual M.O., but a pretty vicious murder,” Genn said.
“Just for his truck I imagine. He obviously has an aversion to feeding from male Vampires because he certainly is due for a feed.” Lang was interrupted by her pocket computer. “Let’s go. There’s been a murder reported about 10 hours up the road.”
Genn looked over at Lang as he drove. “You know, we’re not even sure that it is Ulah, we are just speculating.”
“I know. But I have a gut feeling about it. You must feel it, too.”
“Yeah, of course I do, but without concrete evidence the elders are never going to take us seriously. That’s why it’s been so hard to get support.”
“I know. And they don’t seem to be able to grasp the big picture. They’ve been lulled into a false sense of security by 1,000 years of easy living. They could be in for a real eye opener if we don’t catch up with this guy…and by then it could be too late.”
“But, it won’t be easy for him to spread a rebellion-there’s just too much area to cover and organize. I just don’t think it can be done on such a large scale, and maybe that’s what the elder’s mind-set is.”
***
Drake was starting to feel that all too familiar hunger growing inside of him. The Vampire blood he was consuming was not very fulfilling and he hadn’t fed for a couple of days. The truck needed to be dumped soon, too.
“Are you getting hungry?” Drake asked.
“I’m starved.”
“We’ll buy some food at the next store we come across and leave the truck somewhere out of the way. I’m getting a little nervous continuing to drive it. Those detectives may already have an idea of what we’re up to. I don’t want to take a chance.”
The highway stretched out before them into the rolling hills. The tall grasses bright green at the stalk and leaf, golden brown at the top and bent from the weight of its own seeds. Fields of crops meant a farm was not far away. Drake slowed and watched intently any time they passed by a home. He was starting to get worried that he may not be able to find enough to eat; Vampire women were just not as plentiful here as they were upstairs. His hunger was tolerable, now, but rapidly escalating. A small grocery store and fuel station appeared as if from nowhere, secluded and hidden amongst a grove of trees, the red business sign just peeking out. Drake pulled in with two things in mind, both of them to do with food. Taking care of Megan’s needs would be the easy part. The big rig came in with a rumble and a trail of dust. Megan knew instinctively to stay behind. Drake walked into the store and was relieved to see it empty and his anticipation spiked when he saw a young woman behind the sales counter. Vampire or human, Drake would have to get closer to be able to tell. The desire of fulfillment was always more intense when close to a warm blooded human, than a cold blooded Vampire. Blood was blood, sustenance, sustenance, but just the thought of human blood was enough to make Drake’s knees weak. Never again to be tasted. Drake was relieved that he didn’t get that wicked feeling, she was Vampire-and as usual, his thoughts now turned more vengeful than lustful.
“Good day,” he said with a broad smile.
The young woman was immediately intrigued by the friendly and striking Vampire man.
“Hello. What can we do for you today?”
“I need some human food.” Drake stammered, realizing his mistake. The woman’s head jerked up. “I mean some food. I’ve been upstairs for too long.” Drake had realized that the word human was not permitted in public at the base. “Not very busy today?” Drake said as he placed some food items into a basket.
“Not too much, no. We’re kind of out of the way, but necessary to the farms in the area. They house quite a few workers.”
Drake walked closer and made eye contact as she spoke. The woman was mesmerized by Drake’s eyes and she felt her body relax, but still cognizant enough to recognize and be puzzled by it. The feeling of calm was nice and she looked deeper, craving even more. Drake spoke in the deep calming tone that he knew worked like a charm. He noticed the tell tale signs as the woman’s eyelids began to droop and her body became limp, and then suddenly, as if the woman realized what was happening, she jerked her gaze away.
“What the bloodless hell! Wow that was strange,” she said.
Drake realized that he had lost her and he vaulted over the counter in the blink of an eye. The woman was still collecting her wits and was unable to react quickly enough to escape. She felt Drake’s vice-like grip around her shoulders and she struggled to get free. She tried to protect her neck but Drake had pushed his face into her nape. She felt Drake’s hot breath and squirmed in a panic to save her life. Her struggle allowed Drake to push his face even deeper until he could feel his fangs make contact with her skin. A few more movements and one fang pierced…then the other, deeper and deeper until the more resilient sheath of the artery was located. Drake could sense that her blood was not fresh, but good enough to get him through one more day. She jerked the wrong way and Drake’s fangs found their mark. His eyes turned upward as he felt her lifeblood rush to his brain. Her strength waned and eventually she went limp as she surrendered to him. Drake drained her and dropped her to the floor. He loved that sound. He stood triumphantly over her for a moment relishing the power over life and death. A brief thought of eliminating the entire Vampire race singlehandedly, raced through Drake’s emboldened mind. He stepped away from the body and came back to his senses. A quick look outside at the peaceful landscape brought calm to him. He was home and he was content to die here-someday, but not now. There was work to be done and Drake realized that he could not let his guard down. He would have to be ever vigilant as the authorities chased him, because once he was gone, the revolution that he hoped to ignite, would be extinguished. He was the only one with the proof and willingness to spur on the movement. He collected some food items, hastily throwing them into a cart. A vehicle pulled up outside and a young woman got out. Drake pushed his cart to the door and passed her. She was human and beautiful, and suddenly Drake felt unfulfilled by his recent feed. He hurried to the truck and threw all of the groceries into the sleeper area in the rear of the cab, all the time looking back.
“That was close,” Drake said glancing over at Megan.
The big rig pulled back onto the greenway and sped away.
Megan knew by Drake’s demeanor that he had just killed. Specks of blood were discernible on his face. She spit on a tissue and leaned over to scrub them away.
The gesture warmed Drake’s heart more than his last kill. He looked over and smiled. “Vampire blood.”
Meagan’s face was stoic. “Yes, I know.”
***
Detectives Genn and Lang pulled into an out of the way highway convenience store.
Genn pulled out his DNA analyzer as they walked to the store, stretching out the kinks of a long drive as they went.
“Yep, it’s him-Ulah-or whoever,” Genn said.
“Let’s get going. He’s got a 10 hour head start.”
Genn groaned and turned with Lang towards the door.
“What’s your feeding schedule? Because I have a feeling we could be down here for awhile,” Genn said.
“I’m good for a few more days. You?”
“Me too, but they do have strict regulations down here, you know.”
Lang smiled. “Don’t worry Genn, you won’t miss a meal. There must be some sort of contingency plan for important business. I’ll check with the Captain.”

Chapter 14
Beating a Dead Vampire
Drake re-fuelled his truck, using his credit card at the pump. Megan watched him in the truck’s side mirror and noticed him looking frequently towards the store. She recognized the furtive body movements but was puzzled by the timing.
“I want to help.”
Drake looked surprised. “Help with what?”
“The next time you feed. You said yourself that it’s riskier down here, so at least I can help in some way; even if it’s just to keep watch.”
Drake looked at her momentarily. “Thanks. It would be helpful to have an accomplice.” He smiled briefly. “I’m hoping to feed one more time to try and gorge myself before we set off on foot. We need to dump this truck, soon, so it may be a while until I can feed again. There is a lot more traffic at this stop, so it will be tougher to get enough time to make the kill, if the cashier is even a Vampire woman. We got extremely lucky with the last feed.” Drake looked around as another vehicle pulled in.
“What about a traveler? I could possibly lure her around to the back and then run interference if she has a travelling companion.”
“We’ll have to be very fortunate again. There are just a lot fewer Vampires down here. Some Vampires come to the base for vacation, but most need to stay in designated areas. Only a few with special permits are allowed beyond those borders.”
The truck was ready to roll and Drake replaced the gas nozzle. A steady stream of vehicles came and went.
“I’m going inside to scope things out. Do you want anything?”
“Maybe I should come in,” Megan suggested.
“Sure. Just look at the magazines and keep one eye on me. I’ll be able to tell if any of the customers are Vampire once I get close enough.”
This area was a little busier than the last, due to a more dense human population because of the many factories and the workforce required to man it. Most of the workers were 16 or 17 and up to 21 and Megan watched closely as she absently flipped through a magazine. Drake quickly passed by the female shoppers. Megan could tell that all were human by the way Drake reacted and quickly passed them by. She wondered if he was feeling any attraction to them and if there was any difference to the feeling he got when he noticed a female Vampire. It was all just jealousy and Megan tried to put the emotion out of her mind. Drake looked over and shrugged; all were human. Megan put the magazine back and followed Drake out of the store.
“Nothing?” Megan asked.
“No. Let’s hang out for a few minutes, but we need to keep moving and to dump this truck, so we can’t linger for too long.”
Vehicles came and went and Drake’s attention was diverted by a cute young woman emerging from the store. She walked past, dressed in work clothes without a speck of dust on them. Megan noticed the way Drake watched her go by and felt that familiar twinge of jealousy.
“Jump in,” he said to Megan.
Megan walked briskly around the front of the truck and climbed into the passenger seat. Firing up the big rig’s engine, Drake pulled out of the parking lot and hammered on the accelerator pedal.
“She’s a Vampire?” Megan asked.
“Yes.”
“I don’t know how you tell. They all look so normal to me.”
Drake smiled. “Thanks.”
Megan blushed slightly. “So, what’s the game plan?’
“My only game plan at this point is to catch up to her; I’ll wing it from there.”
There was a brief silence. “She was quite attractive, wasn’t she?”
Drake looked over at her, surprised by her comment. “I suppose, if you like that kind of a girl: beautiful, sexy, rubber boots and baggy overalls,” Drake joked, even as he barreled down the road, then turned more serious. “Look, Megan, I love you and no one else. There never, ever, could be anyone else…and I hope and pray that one day you’ll be able to see me in that same light again. We have a child on the way and a chance to make a difference. Let’s use our love as a catalyst to make things right. But for now, there’s that pick-up truck. I’m going to try to get her to stop.”
Megan started to get nervous about her role in all of this. It’s a Vampire, damn-it, she reminded herself. She’s probably killed hundred’s…if not thousands of innocent humans. She steeled herself to her task.
Drake pulled up behind the pick-up, but not too close to intimidate, then sounded his horn. He could see the woman’s eyes move to her rearview mirror. With a slow waving motion, Drake gestured out his window. The woman’s brow tightened but she pulled over. The pick-up seemed tiny in comparison to the big hauling vehicle pulling up behind it.
“I’ll tell her that her back wheel is wobbling on the rear passenger side, I’ll say you saw it first, just back me up and follow my lead. If someone comes, run interference,” Drake instructed as the rig squeaked to a stop.
The Vampire woman stepped out of her vehicle. “Hi, what’s up?” she shouted with a smile.
Drake stepped around his door and smiled back. “Sorry to pull you over like that, but my passenger noticed your rear wheel over there wobbling a bit; thought you should know.”
After a brief grin to acknowledge Megan as she approached, the woman’s face turned concerned. “Really? That’s bad luck. Hopefully it’s not serious.” She walked around to the far side of her truck. “This one?”
“Yes, that’s the one.” Drake answered as the woman ducked down to inspect the wheel.
Glancing at Megan he gave her a nod of confidence and proceeded to assist. “So, how does it look?”
“I don’t know. It seems pretty solid…no wiggle or movement, and it seems straight,” she said looking up at Drake and shading her eyes.
Drake stooped down on one knee. “Let me give it a try,” Drake said and the woman made way.
Drake shook it vigorously enough to show the strain on his face. The woman smiled at his effort while admiring the contours of his face.
“Well, it feels a bit loose to me, but nothing serious,” Drake talked in a slow relaxed cadence while he looked deeply into the woman’s sparkling brown eyes. Her hair pulled back in a ponytail gave way to a beautiful olive toned face. “Do you live far from here?” Drake asked, never breaking his gaze.
Her answer came after some subconscious urging, and Drake at once knew he had her. Just take your time, don’t rush, he reminded himself.
“Just up the road,” she finally got out.
Those are the last words you’ll utter my dear, Drake thought.
“Well, the way I see it, you can just drive it slowly home and check it out more closely there or, if you like, I can give you a hand to jack it up and tighten those lugs down. It’s up to you,” Drake continued to talk in a slow deep relaxing tone and just rambled on intently looking for the signs of total surrender. He felt his gums swell and he ventured a look to her throat all the while talking in that mesmerizing tone. Feeling his fangs unsheathe, Drake slowly moved towards the lush, pink landscape. Just then a vehicle pulled up.
Megan felt her heart jump and walked out from the front of the big truck where she had stood, terrified. “Hi. How are you today?” Megan greeted with a smile.
“Not bad, not bad. Do you need any help?” the man asked from the driver’s seat of his car.
Megan looked over to Drake’s victim-she was silent and stationary and Drake now had a mental hold on her. Megan took control, “No thanks. This nice truck driver alerted me of a problem with my vehicle and he’s underneath it right now trying to repair the problem. But thanks for stopping-that was nice of you.”
“No problem. Best of luck to you,” the man said before gunning his engine.
The commotion disturbed the relaxed environment. All that noise interrupted the Vampire woman’s sublime relaxed state. How dare it, she seethed from inside her once glorious state of mind…she came out of it with a start and cleared her vision to the sight of two glistening white fangs. Her strength and effort caught Drake off guard and she kicked and fought free. Drake rushed to his feet but she was so quick. She darted around the front of her truck, jumped in, and hit the gas before Drake could get his hand on the door handle.
“Into the truck,” Drake yelled to Megan.
Drake hammered the gas pedal and feverishly worked through the gears. It took awhile to get the big truck rolling, but once top speed was achieved the big rig was faster than the little pick-up, and luckily, this section of the highway was a long downhill. He would need to catch her before she pulled off the highway or caught up to another driver. Rounding the next curve she came into sight.
The terrified Vampire’s eyes darted from the road to her rear view mirror. She saw the lumber truck round the curve behind her. If I can just get to that other vehicle before he catches up, her panicked mind urged her. Her heart leapt when it came into sight. She closed the gap quickly and pushed hard on her horn. The man was oblivious to her; his music loud in his soundproofed cab and not concerned about what was behind him. The woman pulled up beside him and gestured at him to pull over. He noticed her and recognized her truck as the one stopped on the road a piece back, but the woman looked different, not even the same colored hair. He obliged and pulled over, much to the relief of the woman. Just as she pulled over, Drake went screaming by and her vehicle shuddered from the wind of his passing.
“Damn it!”
Drake looked at the road ahead. The long downhill was coming to an end followed by a brief level stretch and then a long uphill climb that turned gradually turned to the right.
Drake’s mind raced. “I wish I knew if that dude was a Vampire or not.”
“He was.”
Drake’s head snapped. “How do you know?”
“The way he looked at me,” she paused. “I can tell now. It’s a look that I can’t describe, but I can tell it when I see it. And now that I know the secret of the Empire…I understand it. It was always supervisors or visitors and it’s a look that I saw a lot more often once we were moved up. Believe me, I recognize it and he had it, big time. He’s a Vampire, guaranteed.”
Drake ventured a smile through all the calamity. “Okay, that’s good enough for me.”
The shaken Vampire woman exited her car and watched Drake’s truck speed down the hill and up then next grade, slowly disappearing around a curve on the far side of the valley. She breathed a sigh of relief and went back to talk to the kind gentleman who she figured had just saved her life. His face looked very puzzled as she approached.
Drake wheeled his truck off the road and jumped out of the cab. Megan watched him in the mirrors as he ran from one tether strap to the next, adjusting the tension on the straps that secured the load. It only seemed to take him a couple of minutes and he was back in the cab of the truck, carefully wheeling it around. He gunned the engine once the truck was straight and used the ascending grade to pick up speed quickly. He felt his load shift slightly as he negotiated the long sloping turn and got a bit of a rush of anxiety because of it. Megan looked over at Drake, tense in her seat.
“Tighten your belt and brace yourself,” Drake said to her, his hands tightly gripping the wheel.

“Well, it looks like he’s gone now. I’ll phone it in and then I’ll stay with you until you get home. We’ll wait for the authorities there and make a statement at that point. What a harrowing ordeal for you. It was lucky I came along when I did,” the Good Samaritan said.
The woman felt better, but she still constantly looked to her left and up the hill. She gasped, “That’s him!”
“Don’t worry, I’m here with you-surely he won’t try anything now. He’s probably just sizing up the situation and maybe his destination lies in that direction. After all, the commercial lift is in the other direction. They watched intently as Drake’s truck rounded the corner and picked up speed on the downhill grade.
Once around the turn Drake pushed the accelerator pedal to the floor, pressing on it as hard as he could. The truck screamed down the hill. Drake now had them in his sights. Megan looked over and saw a look of grim determination. She tightened her seat belt and braced herself. Drake veered the truck towards the two stopped vehicles and at the last possible moment, jerked the steering wheel to the right and hammered on the brakes. The truck spun, the bindings snapped and the colossal tree shafts continued on with a tremendous destructive force as they tumbled and flipped end over end down the road.
The Vampire girl saw the truck veer and turned to run. Her breath was short and panicked. She gasped at the sickening sound of screeching tires and the loud cracks of load-straps snapping in rapid succession. Looking back brought the terrifying sight of a wall of timber bounding down the road. She ran as hard as she could but was slowed by her stumbling panic. A careening log smashed into both parked vehicles and continued on its path; the Vampire man’s last horrific sight. The windows exploded outwards as the roof crushed. The wall of trees was quickly upon the woman and she fell to the road and cowered as the thundering logs bouncing all around her.
The truck squealed to a stop.
“Holy crap,” Megan said, collecting herself. She looked to her right and watched the logs continue to lose momentum until the only movement was a swirl of dust above the disaster.
The vehicle had stalled and Drake re-started it. He slowly righted the truck, keeping his eyes alert for a sign of the girl. The truck crept closer to the carnage.
“Help me look for the girl,” Drake told Megan.
Jumping down from the truck, they both scoured the wreckage. The broken glass crunched under Drake’s feet as he walked by the wrecked vehicles. A short way down the road the girl was visible. Megan saw her, too.
“There she is,” she called out.
Drake ran over to her. Blood leaked from her nose and head. Drake quickly kneeled down, his eyes on the blood. “Keep watch back there. No one can get past the logs from the other direction.”
Drake hurried, and hoped that her heart was still beating. His hands slipped on the slick hair as he leaned over. The situation was too rushed, too panicky, his fangs weren’t cooperating. He licked the blood on her face to try to get a response from himself…it didn’t work. He closed his eyes and remembered her as she was, moments ago when she was so warm and beautiful. He bent down and licked the fresh blood, the mixture of human and Vampire blood fuelled his desire and he felt that familiar engorging of his fangs. With no time to be wasted, Drake plunged in, only managing one or two draws. “What the hell?” He suddenly realized that her heart had indeed stopped.
Drake pumped deep into her chest. “Come on! Beat!” he demanded as he feverishly performed CPR. Blood oozed from the two wounds on her neck. Drake licked it up and re-entered the main artery. One last little drink. “Damn it! What a lot of risk for two sips.”
Looking at the bloody mess of his hands Drake walked back to the truck and Megan followed briskly behind. Drake wiped his hands on a rag he found in the truck. With a gesture to her mouth Megan alerted Drake of the blood around his own. He wiped at it quickly and looked at Megan for secondary inspection. She took the rag, moistened with her saliva and rubbed some still pink areas on his face-then nodded her approval.
“Well, at least we got two more of them,” Drake said.
Megan nodded and grunted. “Now what?”
Drake fired up the truck and accelerated away from the scene. “We need to dump this truck. We’re in a tough spot right now, Megan. We have to assume the authorities are hot on our tail. They’ll suspect we’re heading home, which we are; all the while leaving a trail of bodies behind us. I feel my need for revenge sometimes clouds my judgment and I’ll have to be more careful to be on guard for that. We’re pretty close to home now and I think we may be better off on foot so we can enter the area more stealthily. Urgency to get there before the cops do is paramount, but this truck is just so obvious around here; it’s not even timber country, and we’re driving an empty timber truck with our load all over the freeway.” Drake shook his head. “So stupid!”
“Whatever you think is best, Drake. I trust your judgment.”
“We can live off the land for a few days if we have to…kind of a mini-vacation.” Drake smiled, as he turned off the main road.
“How will you-feed?”
“I’m going to have to tighten my belt, and endure a little bit of aging, I guess.”

Chapter 15
Everybody’s Heading For Plesston
Drake drove the truck deep into the woods on an abandoned logging road. The truck was well hidden when ditched and the fugitives set off on foot.
“It’s still a day or so by foot to Plesston,” Drake said to Megan as they exited the truck. “We’ll be losing time, but I feel much more comfortable away from that vehicle.”
The woods opened up into a lush green meadow and for the first time the two of them felt home again. The meadow represented big wide open freedom. It was familiar, it was comfortable and it brought with it a feeling of relief.
“Maybe we can just live off the land for the rest of our lives. I can watch you and our child grow. And once you two are gone, then I can continue with my work. We deserve the lives that were stolen from us. Right?”
Megan took in a breath of fresh air and let out a big sigh. The open country side was a much needed therapy and she basked in all of its glory and the wonderful feeling of liberation. “Can’t we just take it a day at a time? A moment at a time actually.”
Drake looked at his love’s beautiful contented face and felt a warmth in the depths of his soul. “I love you so much.” Drake felt the sting of tears.
Megan looked over and smiled. It was taking a long time to accept the new Drake, but there he was, just as before, the same gentle loving person she had fallen in love with so many years ago. “I love you, too,” her response was not as free and comfortable as she would have liked, but it was slowly coming.
Drake noticed every little hesitation in her voice, and although it still cut him to the heart, he did notice a lessening uncertainty in her voice during personal moments. “I’m all for that! And right at this moment we are in the most beautiful place we can be. Care free, just like the old days!”
Drake had a backpack full of food and supplies and sleeping outside in the dome’s controlled environment was never a problem. They had learned as youngsters how to live off the natural bounty of the land. The pair walked for hours through wood and meadow, enjoying every moment of their freedom with each other. Megan felt a little guilty when they stopped and she ate, but she was ravenous after a few hours of walking. The life growing inside of her was demanding a lot of the food energy that would normally be reserved for Megan alone. She didn’t like when they passed close by a farm or mill and Drake altered their course and delayed their progress. Not that she was in a hurry to get anywhere; she just knew the reason why, and it still made her uncomfortable to be reminded of Drake’s burden.
Megan continued to enjoy the feeling of freedom. Running for her life had become such a part of her existence that any kind of respite was considered a gift. Drake was a joy to be around. There was no talk of the future, not even of the baby; although, both treasured the thought. Walking for hours across the beautiful countryside didn’t even seem like a chore. Waking up in the morning to singing birds was a priceless therapy. They skirted villages to avoid being seen, and pausing while Drake prowled for victims. Megan noticed when it was time for him to feed he became restless, and after a successful outing, he was more relaxed and easy going-twice now she had noticed this pattern that would become a way of their life. It was so wonderful to be together and away from the overwhelming oppression and constant fear of the Empire. Down here there was room to breathe and live and dream…it was glorious.
Drake was up early. He didn’t seem to need as much sleep since he had been converted. He watched Megan-her cute face looked content as she lay curled up. Her hand clutched the blanket up under her chin. The thought of her carrying their child comforted him and intensified his resolve to spread a revolt. His pleasant thoughts and feelings of being alone with Megan always drifted to reality, and Drake resented it. She was so beautiful and Drake longed to experience the intimacy that they had once shared. The love and trust had returned, but there was a physical disconnect that Drake felt cheated out of.
Megan stirred and opened her eyes to see Drake peering at her. It was such a comfort to know he was there for her again. They had been separated for so long-and when they were reunited, she still felt an estrangement. But she longed to live within a human community again and wondered how Drake could possibly fit in. She loved him so much, a tear came to her eye and her face quivered.
Drake smiled and shook his head. “No. Don’t do that.”
“I can’t help it. I’m just so happy.”
Drake moved closer and lay down beside her, opening the flood gate to allow her emotions a welcome release. His face was so close, she wanted to kiss him, but instead buried her head in his shoulder and wept freely.
***
It wasn’t long before Detectives Genn and Lang came across a road block.
“What the hell?” Genn said as he slowed the vehicle and pulled over.
The road was littered with gigantic shafts of once mighty trees. Already on the scene were motorists unable to get by.
“Ulah?” Genn asked, not really believing that Drake could have been responsible for such calamity.
“I wouldn’t doubt it,” Lang responded.
Walking around the carnage, the Detectives noticed a group of people standing around one spot.
“We’d better get a cleanup crew in here right away. If it was Ulah, he’s managed to buy himself some time,” Lang said.
Just then local police arrived from the other side of the mishap.
“We’re Detectives. Please step aside.”
“She’s got the fang marks of the devil dog on her neck,” one of the bystanders said.
“There’s no such thing as the devil dog,” another said as he rose from the battered body on the road.
“Then explain those two marks on her neck,” the young woman countered.
Lang looked around at the group and could sense a combination of human and Vampire. Furtive glances amongst the Vampires of the group spurred Genn into action. He noticed a uniformed officer walking towards the scene.
Genn flashed his badge. “Officer! We’re detectives on special assignment. Could you clear the area, so that we can examine the body?”
The cop immediately noticed the two fang marks and alertly picked up on the presence of the humans. “Okay folks, step away please so the Detectives can do their job.”
“I’ve heard about this. The devil dog attacks and sucks out your soul and takes it back to hell with him,” the woman repeated the legend. “How else do you explain those marks?”
“Alright, alright, please clear the area,” the cop repeated.
Genn did a quick DNA scan of the wound. “It’s Ulah alright. Or at least it’s the same DNA we’ve been chasing for weeks.” Genn scanned the devastation. “All of this just for a meal?”
“He’s obviously desperate. But, why. He just fed a short time ago. He seems to be trying to top himself up; as if he knows his next meal may be a ways down the road. I think he is finding it a lot more difficult to find meals down here.”
Genn was still examining the body. “Well, he didn’t get a meal out of this one. Her heart stopped before he could extract any blood; she’s full-up.”
“All this for nothing,” Lang said as she surveyed the wreckage. “Well, not exactly for nothing; we’re stuck here until this mess is cleared away.”
***
It took hours to clean up the logs, and damage control supervisors were brought in to deal with the human witnesses; a necessary function due to the indiscretions of thoughtless Vampires.
Lang smiled wistfully as they drove into Pless county. Well preserved old homes and barns passed by panoramically and fields of well tended crops waited to be harvested. All that food grown to feed future bloodstock was a comforting thought to detective Lang and then she reminded herself of what a threat Drake was to this serene setting. They passed by several of the dozens of satellite farms that were dotted across Pless county; all controlled by the central offices in Plesston. Farmer Pless ran the show from the central farm house just on the outskirts of Plesston. He knew little of the accounting and business side of the farming community, but he knew people and how to keep them happy, and he was just a farmer at heart. Bottom line: he produced stock that always fetched a good price. And there it all was in plain view, beautiful humans, of every age and shape just walking around. Genn drove through the heart of Plesston, bustling with activity on their way to Farmer Pless’.
“We could have bypassed all of this and skirted the town, you know,” Lang said.
“What, and miss all this! Are you crazy. This job doesn’t come with too many perks- so I take them when I get them.” Genn’s eyes followed a group of giggling teenagers.
Lang rolled her eyes until her attention was diverted by a dusty farm lad jumping out of his pick-up. Coveralls is not a good name for clothing when there is no t-shirt on underneath, she realized and her focus went to the vein that topped the peak of his shapely bicep.
The drive through town was an exhilarating experience for the two detectives. They weren’t used to seeing so many humans in one place; especially in a free range environment. Genn drove as slowly as possible but they eventually found themselves at Farmer Pless’ place. The overhead sprinklers were just coming on when they pulled in. Detective Lang had called ahead but Pless was curious as to the reason of their visit; although he had heard the news of the murders.
“Detective Lang?”
“Yes. Farmer Pless?” Lang made sure to use his full title a gesture of respect. Being a farmer and producing quality blood stock was one of the most revered professions in the Empire.
“Yes.” Pless extended his hand, welcoming them with a friendly smile.
“This is my partner, Detective Genn.”
“Welcome to my farm. Sorry for the timing of the watering. Come into my private office-we can talk freely there.”
He led the way and opened the door for his guests.
There was something comfortable and homey about Pless’ office. It was neat and tidy, and had a pleasant but distant feeling of comfort and familiarity to it.
Lang smiled at the pictures of show room floor condition, new and vintage tractors. “Wow, a ‘Brickson Stag Turbo XT’! I remember when I was kid driving one of those. Those were some of the best years of my life.”
Genn plopped himself down in a chair, it creaked from the load. “Yeah, when was that? Eight hundred years ago?”
Lang sneered in his direction and tried to ignore the comment. “Only 452-thank you very much. Anyway, I love your office and your farm. It’s great to come back down to the base and remember your roots. Although, Genn is right, it is getting to be a more and more of a distant memory…but, more importantly, is the reason for our visit. We have a very interesting situation that is very unique and fuelled by speculation. We really have no real evidence that our strong suspicions are indeed factual. But, our investigation has led us here.” Lang looked over to Genn.
Genn shifted in his chair. “Do remember a human named, Ulah?”
A smile came across Pless’ face. “Drake. Yes of course. They say we’re to be on our guard not to grow too fond of the humans we are raising, but some of them are just kind of a joy to be around, and Drake was one of those individuals. That’s why I never want to know the plans for my crops-I just grow them and send them on their way to feed the Empire, either by deed or by blood. But Drake, and Megan Durham as well, they were sweethearts ya know, always together. I had to walk away when they would talk about their plans for the future. Ya just wish there was more room in the dome, but it seemed like every century there was tighter scrutiny and less and less spots…and now, with the Great Edict, there’s none.” Pless shook his head.
Genn continued. “Well, we think he may be headed this way, illegally converted, unregistered, and by far the worst serial killer in Empire history.”
Pless’ jaw dropped.
“Don’t be alarmed Farmer Pless,” Lang said. “We think he is on his way here to start a rebellion. It’s very important that we apprehend him before he can begin to spread revolt. A quarantined area of any size is not what we want, and we think it could be more of a threat than the Government is willing to admit. Ulah is clever, but he has been careless to lead us directly here. It really isn’t what I would have expected from him.”
“You’re right.” Pless said. “He is very intelligent and should be caught right away. My blood, I never would have expected Drake to turn this way…he was such a nice youngster.”
“Well, circumstances beyond his control got him into this situation. Somebody with an obsession, selfishly endangering us all. She’s the real criminal here,” Lang said.
“Miss Fleck.”
Genn looked over at his partner, interested in her response.
“Actually, Mr. Pless-we’re not really supposed to be talking about this because nothing is proven yet. Our superiors have given us the okay to tell you about our suspicions but nobody else…and of course the same goes for you now. Once we catch him we can get his DNA, match it to our serial killer, and get him executed as quickly as possible. That is our goal.”
Genn sat upright. “He should be bled out and left to rot in his own aged decay.”
Lang displayed a look of distaste. “As you can see; my partner has strong feelings on the subject-thank you for that graphic description, Genn. We’ll need a place to stay, and someplace out of the way to park our car, if it’s not too much trouble, Mr. Pless.”
“We have two very comfortable rooms in the big house that you’re welcome to use for as long as you need to.”
“Thanks. Now, let’s go over some scenarios quickly so that we’re ready for anything. We have 10 officers at our disposal, now out in the field, looking for Ulah, but can be here within the hour. We want to take him quickly, with numbers, as quietly as possible.”
Pless nodded and listened intently.
***
Elsie Fleck sat, then stood and paced around her office, then sat again; all the time biting the inside of her mouth with a deep furrow of worry between her eyes. She couldn’t even count on her work as a distraction. Why did they even keep this position around anymore, she thought to herself. The phone jarred her out of her thoughts. “Hello.”
“Elsie, it’s your father.”
Elsie felt a tightening in her gut. “Oh, hi Dad. Sorry I haven’t called for a while. I’ve been kind of busy lately.”
“Not with work, obviously.’
“No. Just some other stuff.”
“I read the paper this morning…and just like it has been for the last several months, the papers are full of the worst Vampire killer in Empire history. The authorities know that it is the same Vampire doing the killing but for some reason can’t catch this guy. Now I learn that the reason they are having difficulty is that he is an unregistered Vampire. Never before in Empire history has there been an unregistered Vampire.”
Elsie felt her stomach tense up even more.
“I’ve been meaning to come over and visit. Do you think I could come over and see you tonight? I’d like to ask Drake something while I’m over.”
“I already told you, I bled him out weeks ago!”
“For the love of crimson, I wish it were true, but I have a hard time believing that. You know that there was no way you were going to feed from him.”
Elsie’s head dropped.
“You converted him, didn’t you? And now he’s loose and on a killing rampage. And I don’t know if you’re aware of it, but I just heard breaking news that a Vampire killer is on the loose at the base of the dome. At the base, Elsie! Do you understand the implications of that? In a worst case scenario Drake could spearhead a revolt that could bring our whole way of life toppling down.”
Elsie bristled. “There is no way it could go that far. Sure, Drake is clever but, there is no way that he could lead the humans in a successful revolt. It’s just impossible and you know it.”
“Well, at the least, many innocent citizens are losing their precious lives to what you have created. You need to find him and talk some sense into him.”
“I already found him when he was still up top, and he wasn’t too receptive to coming back home, where he belongs.”
“Elsie, listen to yourself; it’s all about you. He’s a rabid animal and needs to be executed, not coddled in your home until he gets another urge to kill. Come to your senses, Elsie.”
“What do you propose I do? Admit to the cops what I did? It’s their strongest theory already. The woman Detective, Lang, is about as sharp as they come. Dad, I’m in so much shit. What should I do?” A torrent of pent up emotions came spilling out.
Tenderness and relief were revealed in her father’s smile. “We need to find him before the cops do, then we need to kill him and disfigure him so that he cannot be identified. Remember, they have no DNA from him before his first murder, so without a visual, they have nothing. You really have gotten yourself into a predicament, and now you’ve dragged me into it…along with your obvious accomplice-Tasha I presume. That’s my advice, because sure as blood is red, the cops will catch him, and when he talks, and I’m sure he will, you and Tasha are in big shit. So what’s it to be little lady? Do they even know what Drake looks like?”
“No. Luckily, Kamber has been really stubborn about giving them a picture. I’m the only one with personal photos of him.”
“Destroy them!”
Elsie grimaced. “I will, dad.”
“No, I mean it! That’s our big advantage. We know what he looks like…they don’t. We need to prevent them from finding him as much as we need to find him ourselves. You have a relationship with the people of the area, that’s another thing in our favor-we can do this.”
“Okay, Dad. When do we get started?”
“I’ll pick you up in 2 hours.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
“Just be ready to go. See you soon, sweetheart.”
Elsie hung up. A feeling of relief temporarily exceeded her fear of the overall situation. Just to be active in the most important event in her life. Crap, what a mess, she shook her head and thought of Drake and all of the trouble he was causing her. It’ll be a pleasure to rip his face off…and Megan’s, too.
She rushed home and collected enough things for a short road trip.
“Margaret. I’ll be away for a few days,” Elsie continued talking as she walked over to a wastebasket. “Please have Christopher do the shredding, today please. I’ll keep in touch and let you know when I’m coming home.”
A car horn distracted them both.
“Where is Christopher? He could have carried my bag out for me.”
“I can try to find him if you like, Ms. Fleck.”
“No. There’s no time for that. You can give me a hand.”
Margaret helped Elsie out with her travel bags and tried to stay out of her way. She waved at them as they drove away, glad to have Elsie out of the house for a few days; she was such an ill-tempered bitch lately. No wonder Christopher made himself scarce whenever she was home. Margaret hurried back into the house, eager to see what Elsie was in such a hurry to shred. Recognizing the pictures of Drake, Margaret retained 1, and returned the remainder to the bin.
***
Lang and Genn had been camped out at the Pless farm village for days with no sign of Drake.
Lang paced while Genn sat at the window and watched the workers go about their busy days. The young women were so beautiful; they pulled at him like a strong magnet.
Genn stood up suddenly. “I’m going to have to leave for a day soon,” he said.
“Yes, I know - they’re starting to look pretty good to me, too.”
“What’s your feeding schedule?” Genn asked.
“By the time you’re back, I’ll have to go back up to feed.”
“I don’t understand why we can’t feed down here,” Genn said. “You’d think they would make an allowance for us; what we’re doing is vital for dome safety and security. Ulah’s on a feeding frenzy down here and we can’t even partake in a completely legal feed? It’s crazy.”
“It’s a very strict rule that they won’t compromise for any reason. But you’re right, Ulah is the bigger threat to our way of life right now.”
Genn’s transfer reminder sounded on his phone. He angrily turned it off. “I know it’s time to feed. I don’t need a reminder for that!”
“You’ll need to go to a transfer station within 5 hours or a supervisor will track you down and remind you of your duty. Bye, Genn. See you in a day or so. I’ll try to wait for you before I apprehend Ulah.”
Genn sneered as he walked over to collect his gear.
“You’ll have to catch a ride. I may need the car.”
“Yeah, yeah,yeah. I’ll be thinking of you sitting here, bored, while I’m ripping into the soft flesh of a pretty young human. The blood is going to taste so good. Just sit at the window and watch all of the muscular, strong men walk by…hour after hour.” Genn smiled impishly. “By the time I’m back, all filled up and ready for our next lead, you’ll be desperate enough to feed off a 150-year-old human.” Now he laughed.
Lang’s distasteful expression smacked in her mouth. “Humans can’t even live that long, you doofis. Just hurry back.”
“Don’t worry. I don’t want to miss this collar.”
Genn’s phone rang. “Genn here. He listened intently and motioned to Lang to fetch a pen and paper. “Yeah, okay, I got it. Thanks.”
Genn tore the top page off the note pad and handed it to Lang. “A missing supervisor from the village of Westhaven.”
“That’s only 30 miles from here. How long has she been missing?”
“They figure a couple of hours-at the most.”
“They’re almost here,” Lang said.
“I can’t believe I have to leave,” Genn said. “Why would he be so stupid to come here, anyway? He must know this is where we would come to look for him first. And besides, he’s leaving a trail directly here. I thought this guy was supposed to be so smart.”
“I guess he figures this is his best option to start his crusade. It would be very difficult and riskier than this, to try to get a group of strangers together and demonstrate a killing in order to get them to believe. He would likely be reported and caught. Although this is also risky, it is his best chance. But, yeah, he has left a pretty obvious trail of mayhem. Haste, excitement and a certain confidence and comfort level at being back on his home turf, and I think he’s making a bravado statement to us. Calculated and careful in the fact that he respects us enough to know that we would naturally assume Plesston as his first destination.”
Genn shook his head. “We’re in kind of a tricky situation, aren’t we? Do we want to lure him in, or scare him away?”
Lang smiled-Genn was learning. “I don’t know, Genn. Our best shot of catching him is to lure him in. But, for the threat he poses to our existence, this is the most dangerous place for him to be. What do you think we should do?”
“Well, he likely knows this area like the back of his hand, so catching him on the outskirts with our meager force is unlikely. So that tactic would only serve the purpose of scaring him away. What do you think the chances of catching him within the community are?”
“Slim and none. He’s too smart, and again, he knows the area too well. All we could do is tail and stakeout his closest friends and hope we get a lucky break.”
“With only 10 extra agents? The area is pretty spread out, but with lots of humans. Pless runs a pretty efficient farm. When I buy blood stock on line I see his brand on lots of my purchases,” Genn added.
“I’ll call, again, for reinforcements. They just don’t seem to get the urgency of the situation.”
“Well, they still don’t believe our crazy theory. They prefer to think of it as a clerical error. And, may I remind you, my good detective Lang, that we aren’t even sure that our suspicions are founded.”
Lang looked sideways at her partner.
“Yeah, I know. How can they be so stubborn? It’s so obvious.”
“They’re all over a thousand years old, and stuck in their ways and beliefs and comfortable lifestyles. It’s never happened before; therefore, it can never happen is the way they see it.”
“Do you think he could actually make enough humans believe him to make a difference?”
“I know it sounds far-fetched, but there’s never been a situation like this to compare it to. So I think we have to continue to treat it with the utmost urgency. Ulah has the advantage of being able to prove his claim. They just don’t seem to be able to grasp the importance of that little fact. How can you say something is an old wives tale after it’s been demonstrated right before your very eyes,” she vented.
Genn pictured the scene in his mind and shook his head at its implications. “So what do we do?”
“I don’t think even a complete quarantine of the area could keep him out. So we’ll bring in our agents from their field search and assign them to key spots within the community. Man, this is scary.”
Genn nodded and collected his keys from the table. “I’ll see you tomorrow afternoon sometime. I hope you catch the bloodless bastard.”
***
“We’ll need to disguise ourselves. If someone recognizes us, it will be an immediate complication,” Drake said to Megan as they walked briskly along. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m fine, physically, and excited to see our friends again. But I’m also scared. It’s going to be horrible. I’m not sure I can watch. Are you sure it’s the only way?”
“Think about it Megan…the story of the devil dog has been around for centuries. And that’s all it is, a story. And the legend is squashed pretty well by the supervisors. We have the unique opportunity to demonstrate. It’s the only way. This is war now, Megan. There are going to be lots of casualties-on both sides. Let’s just hope we can get the ball rolling and keep it rolling.”
Megan hesitated momentarily. “So, do you know who it will be?”
“No, not yet.”
“It needs to be the right choice, doesn’t it?”
Drake looked over to her, surprised by her comment.
“I mean if it’s someone that people like and respect, then it may kind of backfire. And what if they just think that you are the dreaded devil dog and kill you on the spot.”
Drake smiled. “You’re right, the selection is important. And the demonstration will need to be very small, with close and trustworthy friends. Friends that know our character and can spread the word to their closest friends. This is it, Megan-our chance to end this craziness.”
“I hope and I pray we can do it.”
***
Elsie Fleck and her father entered Pless county. They, too had heard the news of the missing supervisor and knew that Drake and Megan would be home soon.
“We’ll avoid any supervisors and just ask the humans if they’ve seen Drake. We should be able to find him a lot easier than those detectives can.” Elsie took her eyes off the road for a moment and glanced over to her father. “Dad? I’ve been thinking. I’m going to propose something to you that I want you to consider. But don’t just react to it, okay? Think about the idea while weighing in all of the percentages.”
“I’m sure you have all of the numbers right at your mental disposal?”
Elsie smiled. “You know I do. Okay, so for the past several months you’ve been talking about the most recent planetary probe launching next month and I know you have a big say in the organization and selection of the representative that will go and collect information about the society there. Why couldn’t it be, Drake? You just hire someone who is qualified and looks similar to Drake. You’ve always told me, there’s no shortage of candidates for the position. You physically hire no one, but on paper, someone is hired, and that someone never shows up because he is never notified. We just insert Drake at this point and no one is the wiser. The sooner we get him off the planet the better. Right?”
Fleck shook his head. “Now you want me to risk my career for you? You’re unbelievable, Elsie. I don’t know how we’re going to do this, but it won’t be with that ludicrous plan. Let’s just concentrate with finding him first. We are going to have to stay close to where he is and scrutinize the situation as it evolves. More options may present themselves as we progress through this mess.”
***
Lang had her meeting with all of the area supervisors and asked them to be on the lookout for a man that looked like, Ulah. It was so awkward to try to explain to people who actually knew him that a serial killer was in the area that looked like Drake. They were confused, and rumors started to fly. She stressed to the Vampire women to be on their guard if they met up with him. ‘His ability to charm is numbing,’ she told them.
Lang drove back to her quarters. This area of Plesston was the most populated and there were lots of humans out enjoying their time off after their work shift. It was a Friday night and the long workweek was now rewarded with a carefree weekend. Lang stopped at a light and watched the pedestrians walk by. So many beautiful young men, Lang thought to herself as she looked at the veritable smorgasbord of male stock. Pless did a good job at keeping his humans happy, well fed and rested. Lang could easily see it in the mood of the people. A beautiful boy around about 15 years-old ran by just in time to catch the light. Lang shook her head at her inappropriate thoughts, but thought that it would be fun to watch young human males grow quickly into men. Her mind instantly morphed the adorable boy into the image she had stored away of the handsome man she had seen at the Balmoral Hotel. Elsie is surrounded by this, daily, Lang realized. I don’t know how she does it…well actually she didn’t; she messed up, terribly. Lang re-played the reel of that striking young man that had sat beside her back at the hotel.
***
Drake and Megan approached a small farmhouse tucked in the middle of many corn fields. They had friends that lived there. Drake and Megan waited for the lights to dim and crept as quietly as possible towards the house.
“Wait here for a little while, Megan. I’m going to check things out and make sure it’s safe.”
Megan kneeled down and thought about the food in the back pack. She was always so hungry. She couldn’t wait to get into a comfortable house again and have a hot shower and launder her clothes properly. She had met Drake’s friend, Herb Grey a couple of times before and knew he must be getting close to his time to become blood stock. He was a couple of years younger than they were and Drake had formed a really close bond with him over the years. Drake had always said, “You can always count on Herb.”
Drake came back soon. “It looks okay. Herb looks like he needs some company. Let’s go surprise him!” Drake beamed.
Megan’s face brightened and she sprung to her tired feet.
Herb Grey stirred a big pot of stew on the stove when a knock at his door diverted his attention. “Who’s that?” he said quietly to himself. Opening the door produced the biggest surprise he could have ever imagined.

Chapter 16
The Demonstration
And so it happened, for the first time in Empire history the terrible truth is exposed to blood stock at the base of the dome where millions of humans feel free, safe, and secure.
“It’s such an incredible story that if it was anyone but you guys, I probably wouldn’t believe it. But that brings up our next challenge-getting others to believe it. What kind of game plan do you have to prove your claim?”
“The only way that I can see it is to get a Vampire to demonstrate a kill,” Drake explained.
Herb winced. “But how can we convince a Vampire to do that. You said yourself that they’re not even allowed to feed down here. And wouldn’t we have to sacrifice someone in order to achieve this?”
“What if I told you that I knew a Vampire who would be more than willing to demonstrate a kill. And who ever said that the victim had to be human?”
Herb looked puzzled.
Drake stood up and paced slowly. He stopped and looked directly at Herb. “I’m that Vampire.”
“You’re not kidding, are you?” it was more a statement.
“No, I’m afraid it’s true. A tough break in one way but a break that may end this madness.”
Herb looked closely at Drake.
Drake noticed, smiled and continued to pace. “There is no perceptual difference; after all, they were all once human, too. The only physical noticeable difference is the fangs. They’re usually dormant, but when the Vampire is aroused, the fangs unsheathe and extend. It requires an emotion, driven by the Vampire’s libido and the need for sustenance. That’s why supervisors have such short shifts down here; there’s just too much temptation. Elsie told me once that supervisors are trained to control their fangs so that they do not accidently reveal them.”
Herb gave his head a shake; so much information coming at him from all angles. “It’s hard to believe that Ms. Fleck…and oh my god, dear Farmer Pless.”
“Not so dear after all, is he? He’s known for the best quality crops in the Empire, and I’m not talking corn and grain and fruits. All the care he puts into making his workers content results in prime bloodstock.”
Herb looked intently at Drake. “You don’t mean to execute Pless, do you?”
Megan interjected, “No, he would be a bad choice; too many people love him. And Drake won’t feed from a male Vampire, anyway. It’s got to be a woman. What about Draper; she and Grimshaw always gave us a hard time.”
“Well, Draper only gave you a hard time,” Drake reminded.
“That’s because she had a crush on you,” Herb said. “She was jealous of Megan. But she is actually well liked by most. Grimshaw though-he is universally hated. Man the way he used to ride you was almost criminal.”
Drake quivered inside. “How long to set up the meeting, Herb?”
“Not too long. A few days tops. Like you said, better slow and careful at this point. Hopefully, reckless abandon will come later. Can I see your fangs?”
Drake smiled. “What, still don’t believe me?”
Herb blushed. “It’s just such an unbelievable story. And obviously you wouldn’t make something like this up. And it all makes sense when you look at all of the evidence, but, man, my head is just spinning right now.”
Drake understood Herb’s reluctance to believe such an incredible story. “Well it shouldn’t be too hard to get them to show themselves, I haven’t fed for a few days.”
Drake closed his eyes and concentrated on memory images in his head. His mind flashed through all of his kills. He didn’t allow his memory access to his 2 first kills though, beautiful human women. But somehow, an image of Megan crept into Drake’s head and he fought hard to block it by focusing on his first Vampire kill, re-calling the vivid memories. He remembered the beauty of the curves of her neck, but again the vision transitioned to Megan and her long graceful lines. He fought to regain the image of his victim. Drake’s mind jerked back to Elizabeth Bower’s bedroom, recalling the raw energy of life that it had infused, and the glorious feeling of revenge. He could sense the warmth of her blood through his fangs. Drake’s gums began to swell as imagination once again plunged his fangs into the soft flesh and drank in the crimson bounty that coursed within this work of art. Drake’s fangs appeared and Herb sat transfixed, leaning in to have a closer look.
“Amazing,” Herb said looking over to Megan.
“Satisfied?” Drake asked, but with a hint of a smile.
“Yeah, of course.” Herb tried to stifle a shudder. “Let’s get you guys settled in. I think you should stay away from the windows. Megan you look like you wouldn’t mind a shower. And Drake, you smell like you need a shower.”
Drake grabbed Herb and put his arm around him, pulling him as close as possible.
Herb squirmed and grimaced. “Get, off me, man. You stink!”
***
Elsie walked into the Plesston Hotel and threw her purse and jacket onto a chair. “No word out there yet,” she said to her father who paused the television program he was watching. “So either they’re not here yet or everyone is keeping the secret well. But I know these people pretty well and I haven’t seen any evidence of anything other than surprise that we’re looking for Drake.”
“I thought you said he would be easy to find?”
“No, I said it would be easier for me than the cops, but I never, ever said that it would be easy.” Elsie paused for a moment. “Have you given any more thought to what we talked about the other day?”
“The scheme to send Drake off to the planet we’re thinking of colonizing?”
“Yes…the scheme.”
“I could get into a lot of trouble, Elsie.”
“More than already?”
Fleck took a breath, “No, I suppose we’re both in it up to our necks. Yes, I have given it some thought and all I can say is that I wouldn’t completely rule it out as an option.”
Elsie seemed satisfied with the response. “I’m starting to get a feel for the mood of these people as I keep talking to them; they aren’t stupid. They know something big is happening. No human have ever come back home, and now there is suddenly lots of interest in a human that left them over a year ago. I’ll keep probing. I’m pretty good at reading them and I’m confident I’ll be able to sense any change in their demeanor. I’ll go out again later. Drake has to show up here soon. He’s made it pretty obvious that he’s coming here and, it makes sense-his best chance of starting a rebellion is here with people who know him and look up to him. Tomorrow is Sunday, their day of rest and a general meeting in the name of religion; lots of humans together talking about current events. I’ll be there, too.”
***
It was Sunday, a day of rest and a chance to spend time with friends. Herb Grey picked up his girlfriend at the usual time and continued on to church.
“I had a visitor last night.” Herb said and waited for a response.
Carol looked over. “Well, are you going to tell me who it was?”
“Drake.”
“Ulah?”
“And Megan.”
“What the hell. Oops, I guess I shouldn’t say that on Sunday. That’s unheard of. No one ever comes back after they leave for the upper dome. Is everything all right?”
“It’s the worst you could ever imagine. And I don’t think anyone has ever even considered this. It’s a nightmare really.”
Carol’s expression changed from curiosity to apprehension. “What’s going on, Herb?”
“Well, you know all of those ridiculous devil dog stories that have always circulated around? Since we were kids, really. Well there is a basis of truth behind them.”
Carol’s eyebrows raised and her bright blue eyes widened. “I knew it! You always said I was being paranoid. There was actually another attack not far from here a couple of days ago. Ginny Croften said that a friend of hers had actually seen it. There was a lumber truck accident and amidst all of the logs that littered the hi-way was a woman with the marks of the devil dog on her throat!”
The story didn’t faze Herb a bit. “That was actually, Drake.” Herb looked over so he could see Carol’s expression. “Drake was changed into what is called a Vampire. That’s why no one ever comes back; most of us are used for food by these devil dog Vampires. It is of the utmost importance that you keep this completely to yourself. Let me handle this. It is crucial that this is kept amongst our most trusted friends, with no gossip or chatter about it. There will be a meeting set up for tomorrow. I’ll let you know the time and location. There may be authorities looking for Drake and Megan and they will be put on high alert if there is any sign of excitement or panic. It is essential to the entire human race that we stop this atrocity. So if we can raise a rebellion quickly and emphatically, we may catch them off guard. Drake says their leaders are set in their ways and comfortable that a revolution could never happen…that’s our ace in the hole. Every supervisor you know and may even like, admire or call a friend…is actually a cold blooded killer.”
The car went silent as the shock settled in.
“And it makes sense when you look at all of the evidence. It’s overwhelming,” Herb finally added.
The break in quiet opened up a flood gate of questions. “Why has no one ever come back to help before? How was Drake changed? Is Megan one of these Vampires, too?”
Herb did his best to answer and fill her in on Drake’s plan. He was terrified, as was Carol…their quiet lives turned suddenly into a fight for survival.

Elsie Fleck had arrived at Plesston United Church an hour before the service. She wanted to make eye contact with as many of the parishioners as possible, to see if she could discern any kind of panic or nervousness in their gaze. Detective Lang was there, too. She smiled at the sight of Elsie, while Elsie fought her urge to look skyward.
“Why Ms. Fleck, what a surprise to see you here.”
“As you must know, Detective, this is my district. It’s my job to keep tabs on these people.”
“I thought it was your job to inform the board of the best candidates for acceptance into the Empire? That requirement ended with the Great Edict.”
Elsie looked down. “Old habits die hard, I guess. And besides, it’s still my job to ensure a good crop each and every year from this district.”
“It couldn’t be that you are here looking for Mr. Ulah, could it?”
Elsie bristled. “I told you before. He’s dead.”
“Well, personally, I’m glad you’re here. It’s nice to have some company, and after all, we are looking for the same person, whoever it may be. I’m sure we’ll be seeing each other around, Ms. Fleck. Happy hunting,” Lang said and walked down the wide stairway.
Vehicles soon began coming and Elsie knew all of the practitioners, most by name. She felt the pressure of Det. Lang’s gaze on her from the stairs down below. Elsie nodded politely to some and shook hands with others. Most who made eye contact were a little surprised to see her there but nothing out of the ordinary. All the while, Det. Lang studied Elsie’s face for any clues. After all, Drake could just saunter right into the church and Lang wouldn’t even have a clue that it was him. Her only hope was with a tell from Elsie’s expression. Elsie saw Herb Grey and Carol Tanner walking along the sidewalk, but she wasn’t sure if Herb and Drake were close enough friends for Drake to confide in him. A couple more good mornings were shared before Herb glanced up the stairs and noticed Ms. Fleck looking right at him. His heart seemed to skip a beat and he looked away immediately. Herb whispered something to Carol and her change of expression was the most obvious. Carol managed to fight the urge to look up, but her face betrayed the panic she was feeling. Herb was disappointed in himself for not being more prepared. Herb managed a forced greeting but Carol kept her head buried. Elsie on the other hand had quickly prepared herself for the possibility of a reaction from someone and remained stone-faced, giving nothing away to the prying eyes of Det. Lang. Moments before the service, just prior to entering the church, Elsie looked over and smiled smugly at her adversary. Lang, as always, took note.
After the service the practitioners would mill about and chat for a while before dispersing. Elsie watched through shaded glasses from a secluded alcove at the top of the stairs, her attention on Herb and Carol. Herb noticed a woman that he didn’t recognize hanging around the periphery as well. He tried his best to ignore them and went about his business.
Herb smiled and extended his hand to another man, “Bill, good to see you again.” And with a smile still on his face, “Big things going on, Bill. We need you to attend a secret meeting tonight at 9, at my place. It’s imperative that you come. It’s a matter of life and death. People are watching now so let’s keep this cordial until then. It is of the utmost importance that you keep this completely to yourself. Be very careful not to be followed. If you are, lose them before coming my direction, and if you can’t lose them-please, opt out. I’ll fill you in later. Secrecy is our only chance. All of our lives depend on it.”
Elsie studied the faces of the people that Herb approached and with each and every one of them, their smile faded into an uncomfortable mask. Elsie was careful to spread out her gaze and to watch Herb out of the corner of her eye.
Det. Lang felt something had caught Elsie’s eye but could not zero in on any one individual. The crowd gradually dispersed and Det. Lang again approached Elsie Fleck.
“So, Ms. Fleck-glean any valuable information this morning?”
“I just came to pay my respects to the people that I have been working with for their entire lives. I had no ulterior motive as you seem to think. I hope you find your serial killer, but you’re on a wrong, misguided path. Good day to you, Detective Lang,” Elsie stepped down to street level and walked briskly to her car.
Det. Lang gritted her teeth and scowled. She hated that Elsie had such a huge advantage and decided the best and only course of action was to concentrate her attention on Elsie. She bolted to her car and followed.
***
Herb had requested the presence of 10 trusted men and women. The meeting set for 9. Drake was pleased but nervous. The next 48 hours were crucial to the movement and everything hinged on tonight. He knew who his choice for the demonstration must be but he was hesitating on pulling the trigger on the final decision. There really wasn’t another logical choice; all of the other supervisors were liked and respected. Slaying a friend of the audience may very well backfire. Grimshaw was the only choice. The thought of feeding from a male made Drake squirm in his skin. He wasn’t even sure he could pull it off. He had purposely starved himself for days, but he didn’t think it would help. It became strikingly apparent that feeding, for a Vampire, wasn’t just a sustenance issue.
“We can do it in here. There’s lots of room for everyone,” Drake spoke to Herb and Megan in the living room.
“I saw Ms. Fleck at the church this morning and another woman was wandering around, watching as well.”
“Auburn hair, sharp dresser?” Drake asked.
“Yeah. Do you know her?”
“She’s a detective. We’ll need to be careful. They’re right on our tail. But we’re still okay. Any information Elsie gathers won’t be shared, we can count on that.”
“So, have you decided?” Herb asked.
“Grimshaw.”
Megan and Herb looked surprised by Drake’s choice, although Megan had a hint of a smile mixed in.
“As much as I hate Grimshaw and would love to see him dead…are you sure you can do it? Maybe it would be better to take the risk with a woman-at least you know you can do it.”
Herb looked dumfounded by the conversation.
“It’s just way too risky. Someone would probably kill me before I got my fangs out of her. You said it yourself-you would love to see him dead. Everyone in this room will feel the same way, and I may be able to explain our predicament before someone cuts my head off. That’s the only way to kill the devil dog, as you both know.”
Megan smiled. “Okay, you know best. How are you going to get him here?”
“With you as bait. He’s always had a thing for you. Now that we know what we know, it’s a wonder you survived as long as you did with him lusting after you day after day. With you to tempt him, it shouldn’t be any problem getting his lazy ass over here.”
Megan quivered perceptibly.
***
Time dragged until the meeting, with Drake pacing and preparing. He was desperate for food. The pain of aging had kicked in and would continue until he fed. Megan walked by and Drake could sense her warmth. Her beauty and desirability were almost more than Drake could stand when he was in this condition. He turned away and tried to think just of the need to feed and not about where the meal was coming from. It didn’t matter. All that mattered at this desperate point, was to feed. Who provided the sustenance was irrelevant. That’s what Drake kept telling himself…over and over.
Nine o’clock came and so did the guests. Herb greeted them and asked them to take a seat in the living room. The chatter was filled with curiosity and concern. Drake and Megan stayed out of sight.
Herb took a quick walk around his property with a flashlight and was satisfied that no one had been followed. Just as he was about to step back inside, a car pulled into his driveway. His heart jumped, as all of the invited guests were accounted for. It was Elsie Fleck.
“Damn it!” Herb whispered to himself.
Confused and scared, Herb wished Drake was with him right now. He looked back at the house, but Elsie was parked and out of her car before Herb could make a decision.
“Well, hello Ms. Fleck. What brings you out here at this late hour?”
“I heard you were having a party and I see I’m late for the festivities.”
“Oh, just some friends over for a few laughs.”
“One of those friends wouldn’t be Drake, would it?”
“Drake? You know as well as I do Ms. Fleck that Drake has moved upstairs. I guess I’ll be going in a few months, myself.”
“And are you looking forward to it?”
“Umm, well I guess I’ll miss everybody, but, yeah, I am looking forward to it.”
Elsie smiled. “Do you mind if I come in for a minute just to say hello to everyone?”
“Ahh, yeah, I guess that’s fine-come on in.”
Herb led the way.
All of the guests were surprised to see Ms. Fleck as part of the group. Her presence made them all re-think their theories as to the reason for the gathering.
Herb excused himself and walked to the back of the house where Drake and Megan waited. It was obvious from his expression that something was wrong. “Remember I told you that Ms. Fleck was at the church this morning…well she’s here, now.”
Megan’s head snapped to look at Drake who just smiled.
“Clever yet meddlesome woman. Hmm, this adds a new wrinkle to our plans. What to do, what to do,” Drake said as he paced. “She can’t turn us in or she’d be in as much trouble as we are…so, let’s just let her stay. She may prove to be useful in convincing everyone.”
Megan’s eyes lit up with inspiration. “Why don’t you demonstrate on her? At least she’s a woman, and wouldn’t it be nice to be rid of her?”
“Hmm, interesting idea.” Drake thought for a moment. “No, I think we may still have a use for her, and as far as I know, all of our friends look up to her-the way we used to. And our current plan is already in motion.” Drake shuddered slightly. “So let’s get started. Remember what I said, Megan. I need you close by when I’m demonstrating. Okay?”
“I still have no idea why, but yes, of course-whatever you say.”
Drake strode towards the door. “You’re sure Grimshaw will show?”
“I told him Megan was back, on her own, just like you said. I told him that Megan was unhappy with her stay up top, ran away and managed to make her way home. I also told him that she was looking for someone of authority that she could confide in. I asked him to come alone at 10 sharp.”
“How did he sound?” Drake asked.
“As ornery as ever, but his mood sure changed when I mentioned, Megan. I even put Megan on the phone.”
Megan felt a cold shiver at the memory of the short conversation. “I just told him that I had some unpleasant experiences during my visit up in the dome. I also added that I had always admired him and was looking for some help from someone I trusted.”
Drake paused at the entrance to the living room, smiling at the buzz emanating from the gathering. “Nice touch. I have no doubt he’ll come on his own. Just the thought of seeing you again is probably driving him crazy. We know he won’t turn you in until he assesses his options more closely, and by then it’ll be too late.” Drake said, just prior to bursting into the living room.
Drake’s face lit up when he saw all of his oldest, closest friends. The group’s instant, dumbfounded expressions quickly changed, making way for beaming, overjoyed faces.
Elsie stood back, amazed by the love and friendship in the room. She longed to be one of the delighted party. I love Drake just as much as these people do…more, actually.
When Drake came to the end of the line of hugs and handshakes…there was Elsie.
“Well, Elsie, welcome to our demonstration. I’m not displeased that you discovered us. I trust you took the utmost care not to be followed?”
“That annoying Detective tried to follow me, but it didn’t take me long to lose her. Drake, I think I may have a way out of this. Can we talk in private?” Elsie reached up and placed her hands on Drake’s shoulders.
“Hello, Elsie,” Megan interrupted.
Drake spoke up, “Elsie, nothing you have to offer me could possibly sway me from my course of action. So, I suggest you take a seat and enjoy the show. You’ll be the only guest who isn’t shocked by it all.”
Turning his attention back to his friends, Drake spoke loud and clear, “Every one please take a seat. My good and trusted friends-the news I am about to present to you will come as a shock. Ours and our children’s lives depend on what we do right now! It will take all of our courage to do what we need to do-what we must do. I’m going to demonstrate something that happens up in the dome to thousands of innocent young people every year. We are told, from childhood, that we work at the base until we are 22, then we transfer up into the upper dome to take on roles to ensure the strength, success and smooth running of the Empire. To a degree this is true but, it not as idyllic as it sounds. Until just recently, a small percentage of the current crop of 22 year-olds was actually integrated into their secret society. And you will soon come to realize that my terminology of, ‘the current crop,’ is literal, because the rest of that so called crop is used as food.” Drake paused and looked into the faces of all of his friends. All of the smiles had transitioned into confusion and concern.
Elsie looked on. She had given a similar speech, hundreds of times, to humans just like these, but she couldn’t believe this was happening. She felt absolutely helpless. She shook her head and grimaced. Drake caught her eye and smiled at her obvious discomfort.
“The rumor of the devil dog that we have all grown up with has a shred of truth to it after all, for up above in the dome, living in a state of not aging and seldom dying, is a race of blood drinking beings called Vampires. The base is their farm…and you are the crop.” Drake began to pace. “You may notice that when I say you are the next crop. I do not include myself or Ms. Fleck over there. For you see we are Vampires. Ms. Fleck is actually over 500 years old. Me, I’m a newly converted Vampire; converted against my will, by none other than our very own, Ms. Fleck.”
All heads turned towards Elsie, who bowed her head until their attention was drawn back to the storyteller.
“All of your supervisors and advisers are Vampires. You may have a fondness towards them now, but soon you will see them for what they really are…cold blooded killers, who breed, raise and then sell you on the open market like a cow or a pig. Think about it: raising humans for slaughter, forcing them to breed, replanting their seedlings down in the garden, to grow into vessels of blood. Megan escaped the same fate as me. She was very lucky and now carries our baby, conceived before my conversion to Vampire. She will vouch for my story. Megan has been through so much and I love her, dearly.” Drake’s eyes burned with emotion.
Tears flowed freely now, but Elsie’s eyes burned with jealousy. What a mistake it was to buy that little witch, months ago. She wondered where they would be now if she had refused.
Drake continued. “But herein lies the dilemma; I am one of them and therefore I must eventually die as well, because not one of us can remain. But I’m different in 2 very important ways. I want to put an end to all of this. And most importantly…I refuse to feed from humans. I feed only from other Vampires.”
Drake paused and looked over at Elsie but she remained silent and stoic.
Drake’s calm delivery suddenly turned explosive and everyone jumped. “We need to start a revolt…now! We need an organized plan carried out with precision and daring. Your mistaken perception of a quiet, carefree life, has been smashed and now we must quickly transform into killing for our own survival, for a way of life that we are cheated out of.”
As Drake spoke, Herb constantly checked out of the window. Car lights shone through the dim night lighting of the evening and Herb motioned to Megan that their turn had come. Megan’s heart skipped a beat, she was dreading this, but she immediately jumped into action. Herb signaled to Drake. Herb’s eyes were wide. The audience were super alert and aware now and noticed every nuance of expression, gesture or movement.
Walking out the front door to greet their guest, Megan and Herb looked terrified, which was immediately noticed by Grimshaw.
“What the hell is going on, Grey? Why are all these vehicles here?” Grimshaw spoke in his usual nasty-attitude tone. His face softened when his gaze shifted over to Megan. As lovely as ever, he thought to himself. “Megan, what are you doing back here? This is serious. You need the help that only I can give you.”
Herb spoke out in a nervous voice, “Megan decided that she wanted to stay down here with her friends so she wanted all of us included, to help her make the right decisions.”
“Good thinking, and thanks for having the good sense to call me. I think we can figure a way to keep you safe and make the right decisions to solve this situation. The rules aren’t completely inflexible, but I don’t know if it’s ever happened before. Everyone seems to be content with the cushy lifestyle once they experience it. I always said you were a weirdo, Durham,” through his lies, Grimshaw made an attempt at levity. “Well, let’s get this thing started, Grey. I can’t believe I gotta look at all your ugly mugs on a Sunday, though.”
Grimshaw walked into a room of gloomy faces. The sound of tiny gasps greeted him and made him more wary. The presence of Elsie surprised him but set his mind at ease that all was safe. “Ms. Fleck. So they called you to this meeting too, eh?” Grimshaw also felt a pang of disappointment; her official attendance ruined his plan to bully and manipulate in order to make the most of this unexpected opportunity.
“Yes, unfortunately I have become a part of this sordid affair. I trust you had a good day, Grimshaw?”
“Umm, yes pretty good. At least ‘til I was dragged out to this thing.”
“Good, good.” Elsie’s eyes drifted over to where Drake was hidden, waiting to make his grand entrance.
He stepped out from around a corner, placed his hands on his hips and spoke out in a commanding voice. “Grimshaw! It’s good to see you again.”
Grimshaw’s head snapped to the side. “Ulah? What the hell is going on here?”
“You have been summoned here to be an important part of a new way of life.” Drake was relishing the feeling of control that he had never ever before experienced with Grimshaw.
Completely perplexed, Grimshaw’s mind raced. He sensed that something wasn’t right, but Elsie’s presence was really throwing off his judgment. He was close enough to Drake to know that he was no longer a human, and suddenly he felt a loss of control that he had always enjoyed and used to its utmost. But Megan was still human. “Ms. Fleck. Could you please tell me what is going on here?”
“This is Mr. Ulah’s show. You need to talk to him, Mr. Grimshaw.” Elsie fought to maintain her calm appearance and just hoped for something to go wrong with the demonstration.
“Ms. Fleck is here as counsel in this important matter that affects all of our futures. Your opinion, and hers, is what we desire.”
Elsie’s emotions raced as Drake walked closer to Grimshaw, who tensed for conflict.
But Drake’s eyes didn’t reveal the anger and loathing he felt from within, his face was relaxed. “I have a proposition for you Grimshaw. Megan is yours if you feed from her in front of all these people.”
Grimshaw knew now that something was terribly wrong and again he looked to Elsie for guidance. Elsie still remained quiet but was seething with pent up emotion.
“Come on now, Grimshaw. Admit it. You’ve wanted to sink your fangs into Megan for years. Now’s your chance. I’m a Vampire now. Why should I care.”
Grimshaw looked from face to face, all expressions of complete horror and suspense.
Drake stepped forward. “These people deserve to know the truth.”
“He’s lying. Are you such idiots as to believe another fairy tale. Just relax and I’ll get this all cleared up. Obviously Ulah has gone crazy paranoid. He always was unstable, this just proves it,” Grimshaw stammered, then shot an angry look over at Elsie. He wanted to fight Drake but he felt the priority was to get out and get help. And he sensed that this could turn into an ugly mob scene.
Elsie shifted to the edge of her seat, her back straight as a board. She realized that Grimshaw couldn’t be allowed to escape. He would surely go straight to the authorities and she would have to face the consequences. Her options were limited, but she needed to go step by step and not make a careless error that may further jeopardize her precarious position.
Grimshaw’s sudden bolt to the door was blocked by Herb. Drake sprung into action and hoped the other men would follow suit.
Elsie finally shouted, “Help them! Grimshaw can’t get away!”
The men in the audience jumped into the fracas and quickly controlled Grimshaw.
Grimshaw struggled, his face red with anger and futile effort.
“Stand him up!” Drake ordered. “Grimshaw, you have terrorized us, our entire lives. And just now we come to realize that the fear you spread paled in comparison to the horror of the society that you and Ms. Fleck are a part of. We cannot continue to be raised like farm stock, fattened up for the slaughter. Now is the starting point of a new era. You can be proud that you were a part of the demonstration that set off the rebellion.”
Grimshaw spit in Drake’s face.
Drake calmly wiped his face with his sleeve. “Why would your bodily fluid be an insult to me, Grimshaw? I look forward to a deeper and more meaningful tap into it.”
The anger in Grimshaw’s face vanished. He struggled one last time. He knew his time was up. He searched for and found Elsie. “Ms. Fleck, please do something! This isn’t right! How can you just stand there!” The fear in his face and voice was evident.
Drake and Megan relished the moment. The rest of the assembly were still in shock but willing to participate.
Grimshaw recoiled when Drake reached out.
“Hold his head still. Inside this mouth, and mine and Ms. Fleck’s over there is a set of fangs. Surgically installed as a passageway. A passageway for blood to flow through. The points of these teeth are sharp enough to pierce human tissue.” Drake pulled up the lip of Grimshaw who briefly wiggled within a vice of male strength.
The women crowded around, peering into Grimshaw’s mouth. Megan kept contact, but longed to be on the other side of the room.
“When a Vampire needs to feed, close proximity to a human, usually of the opposite sex, causes the fangs to extend. Grimshaw looks like he may be getting close to that need. I’m sure that all of these desirable human women crowded around is a dream come true for Grimshaw. All of those graceful, elegant necks, pulsing with blood.”
The eyes of Grimshaw darted from woman to woman but stalled when they landed on Megan.
Drake took his cue. “You’ve wanted Megan for years…haven’t you Grimshaw? Just think of it. I offered you the chance to feed from her and you turned it down. But I’m a fair man. I will give you one more opportunity to fulfill your desire. Look at that beauty, Grimshaw.”
Grimshaw was confused and scared but his animal desire was still able to wiggle through the anxiety. His gums swelled and his teeth involuntarily lengthened. He clenched his eyes shut.
Megan fought off her revulsion and reached in. This part was unscripted, but Megan felt the need to try to make the demonstration as vivid as possible. She whispered Grimshaw’s name and stroked his lip at the same time.
Grimshaw’s eyes popped open and his fangs virtually appeared before the eyes of the astounded young women. The men out of view knew from the reactions that the coaxing had worked. Megan withdrew her hand quickly and wiped it vigorously on her pants.
Drake looked in admiration at Megan and then spoke. “There you see what I mean. Not a devil dog, but a selfish human who chose immortality. Now, I hope to show you my fangs. I say hope because, I’ve never fed from a male Vampire before, especially one as repugnant as this. Megan, I’m sorry sweetheart, I’m going to need your help again. This time, please stand behind Grimshaw. And please forgive me for this.”
Megan smiled her reassurance, but wasn’t sure of his motive.
Drake relaxed his body and looked deeply into Megan’s eyes. The love he felt manifested itself in his intense desire to be close to her, to feel her body up against him- like it used to be. His eyes stung.
The necessity for Drake to feed had been building for days, leading up to this event. He felt his fangs swell as he concentrated hard on diverting his thoughts away from Grimshaw.
Megan realized Drake’s intention; raising her head and exposing her throat in a willing gesture.
Displaying his exposed fangs, Drake didn’t take his eyes from Megan until he had stabbed through to Grimshaw’s blood flow. He now quickly shifted to his memory of the exquisite feeling of his first Vampire kill stimulated by the blood flowing to his starved body.
The demonstration was as effective as Drake hoped it would be. The friends watching were horrified, yet captivated.
Drake withdrew his blood soaked fangs and spat out the remnants of the vile blood. “Let him go.”
Grimshaw was dead and all looked to Drake. An overwhelming feeling of power came from looking into all of the expectant faces.
“Now you see with your own eyes that we speak the truth, but you also see that your leader in this rebellion, is also your eventual enemy. But I am the logical choice and our best chance for success. I know their system and their setup and I have a plan. And you all must have many questions that I will be more than happy to answer, because you all need to understand exactly what’s going on. You need to be our first wave of information spreaders. We need more people on board. But it is imperative that this is a covert process. I already have a detail of detectives on my tail for a string of Vampire murders. I’m afraid I left a corpse littered trail all the way here. But they believe they are chasing just another Vampire killer. It’s funny how they don’t consider feeding from a human the same thing. They are a misguided race who, a thousand years ago gave into temptation during a vulnerable moment and now have just come to accept their way of life. Their selfishness has created this barbaric existence. We have an opportunity to put an end to it.” Drake looked over to Elsie now and all eyes followed. “What to do with you now, Elsie? You know so much. Could you eventually crack and do the honorable thing and give yourself up for the good of your race? I doubt it very much but, do I really want to risk it?”
“We can’t let her go,” Herb said. “If she blabs, we’re done.”
“What do you think, Megan?” Drake looked over and smiled.
Megan’s returned smile calmed him.
Megan’s face went serious. “I think we should keep her. She knows too much-and like all Vampires, we need to kill her, eventually.”
“You heard the lady, Elsie. Take a seat. You’ll be with us for awhile. Do you have a secure room to lock her in, Herb?”
“This way Ms. Fleck,” Herb said, finding it difficult not to be polite to a woman he had revered his entire life.
“Now, let’s get down to business, my good friends. You need to protect your children, the children you will never get to see unless we take controlled, decisive action. ”
The plan was simple but required more personnel, so recruitment was the first order of business. Once that was achieved, gaining and keeping control of the transfer stations was imperative. The Vampires already at the base would be killed. No prisoners could be taken, no lives could be spared. The battles would be bloody, face to face conflicts.
“We’ll have to arm ourselves with whatever we can get our hands on: axes, scythes, machetes and knives. Our enemy will not be equipped much better. They have never had the need for destructive weapons, but they do have stun guns. Their priority has always been one of controlling their stock, not damaging it. The destruction comes from their own fangs. It will take them months to develop more lethal weapons, but the factories to produce those weapons are down here, and we will have control of the base by then. Our plan needs to be twofold: secretive at first as we gather enough force, and then, action, sudden, swift, decisive, and ruthless action. If we can get through phase one without being discovered, our chances of success are good. It was necessary for the Vampire’s way of eternal life to make the human population swell, so we outnumber them by a huge margin, even if we factor out anyone under the age of 18.” Drake paused and then smiled as if his thoughts had lead him somewhere appealing. “It will be so gratifying to inflict the same pain and suffering on them as they have mercilessly done to us over the past thousand years. Let me lead you to freedom…and then I must be the last to go.”

Chapter 17
Margaret and Christopher Break Silence?
“Nice to have you back, Genn. You don’t seem as distracted as you were a couple of days ago. Have a good feed?” Detective Lang said with a wry smile.
Genn rubbed his hands together vigorously. “Yep. I’m ready to put an end to this. Let’s catch this bastard. So, what’s happening?”
Lang frowned slightly. “Not too much. I just keep telling myself that we are on the right track. Ulah has to be here. Elsie’s continued presence confirms that. But she’s difficult to keep track of, she knows the area too well. Maybe we should concentrate all of our limited manpower on her. What do you think?”
“Then we can’t cover his closest friends,” Genn reminded. “but he seemed to have lots of friends.”
“Yeah…that’s what I mean, there are too many to cover-and even if he did show up at one of our stakeouts, he wouldn’t be dumb enough to just to show up at the front door in broad daylight. I have a feeling he senses how close we are and is being super cautious. Our resources would be better used on someone we know is 100 percent seeking him out. And Elsie knows everyone here, and has influence on them. They look up to her and feel she is the stepping stone to the next exciting chapter of their lives. She’ll be persistent but cautious. But she’s in a tough, emotional spot, so she could slip up and lead us to Ulah.”
Genn shrugged. “Sounds logical to me. I can set it in place while you’re away.”
“I hate to leave. We’re so close. Plus, we’re losing manpower every time someone on the team has to go up to feed.” Lang looked out the window and caught the eye of a tall blond young man. She watched him walk by and then gave her head a shake. “Well, gotta go, Genn. I think I’ll take the opportunity to stop in and try to talk some sense into Margaret and Christopher. You remember?”
Genn strained his brain. “Elsie’s house staff?”
“Yeh-they have information they haven’t shared yet. Out of fear of Elsie, I think. And maybe partly dedication to Ulah. But surely I can emphasize to them the importance of capturing him before he gets on a roll. They know the danger more than our board of governors does. They must sense the serial killer and Ulah are one and the same. Surely I can make them understand.”
***
Lang went directly to a blood service once away from the farms and factories of the base. This fast feed was on the way to Elsie’s house. Lang was greeted at the door and went directly to the catalog. There was a 5 minute wait, but it usually took her that long to select a victim. She found a handsome dark haired Caucasian man that appealed to her. She found herself impatient as she waited for things to be set up. Finally she was ushered to a comfortable room where her selection lay in front of her on a stainless table. Lang felt her anxiety melt away and her eyes were glued to the lovely young man on the table. It finally occurred to her that he looked similar the striking man from the lobby of the Balmoral Hotel and she chuckled to herself. She had splurged a little, knowing that while on stake-out she could expense it, or at least a portion of it. But regardless; he looked almost too good to kill. Tantalizing herself, Lang stalked around the table seductively. She always felt a feeling of power at this point and she savored the anticipation. Patience was a lot easier to summon when the kill was imminent. She found her thoughts stray to her hopes of convincing Elsie’s house staff to reveal some information. Damn case, she thought to herself…then, satisfied her hunger.
Margaret and Christopher were expecting Detective Lang as she had phoned ahead to set up the meeting. It turned out not to be too much of a meeting. Margaret and Christopher had discussed the situation in length and realized its seriousness. Lang knocked at the door and was greeted by solemn faces and a picture in Margaret’s hand. She held it out and Lang took it. Not a word was spoken before the door closed leaving Detective Lang bewildered but intrigued. The picture had been cropped. Obviously another subject had been cut out of the picture. Lang stared in disbelief at the picture of the young man whose image had haunted her since she had seen him at the Balmoral. “Ulah,” she whispered still standing alone on the doorstep.
***
Once re-united with Genn, Lang re-counted the strange meeting. “Then Margaret just hands me this photo and closes the door slowly and quietly. I don’t say anything because I’m assuming she’s just handed me some valuable information but wants to remain silent. So I look at the picture, and obviously Elsie is cut out of it, but look at the picture.”
“So how do you know it’s Ulah if she didn’t tell you it was?”
“She didn’t have to and she knew that I would understand.”
Genn looked puzzled.
“It’s a woman thing, I guess; anyway, she knew I would understand and I did.”
Genn shook his head.
“And don’t you remember this guy, Genn? When we were in the lobby of the Balmoral-this guy came and sat right beside us and looked at the newspaper.” Lang’s gaze wandered momentarily. “And come to think of it, the front page was plastered with the news of his latest kill. I’m sure he got a kick out of that. Somehow he knew we were looking for him…the faceless killer. But now we have a face. Don’t you remember him?”
“I don’t make a habit of checking out guys in hotel lobbies, Lang. Now, if you ask me about the women in the lobby that day,” Genn paused. “I wouldn’t be able to tell you that either.”
Lang laughed. “Some cop you are.”
“I don’t need to be a good cop when I’m partnered with you. I just sit back and admire,” Genn finished with a condescending flourish.
Lang fought hard not to blush. “Shut-up, asshole.”
“So we have his picture now. So what?” Genn said. “He’ll be in hiding by now.”
“And probably already raising a rebellion. Damn! I wish the board of governors would give us full power to search wherever we wanted. They don’t want to stir up any human discontent because they just can’t get it through their thick heads the seriousness of this. Nobody can.” Lang shook her head. “How’s the surveillance of Elsie going?”
“We haven’t seen her in 36 hours. She lost us and hasn’t shown up since.”
“That’s not good…or maybe it is. Maybe she’s found him.”
“Maybe he killed her,” Genn added.
Lang raised her eyebrows at the prospect. “We should pay a visit to Elsie’s father. He’s been laying low since he got here with Elsie. Maybe we can get him to slip up. We can use the picture to rattle him, maybe.”
Genn liked the idea.
On the car ride over, Lang reflected on the case. The comfortable feel of the farming community appealed to her. To think that these serene surroundings could soon be the starting point of a bloody rebellion. How could Elsie and her father be so selfish and blind to the dangers Ulah presents.

“Mr. Fleck. Surely you can see the importance of catching this serial killer. You know he’s different, and surely you can see what he’s capable of. You know as well as I do that it’s Ulah.” Lang flashed the picture. “This man has killed dozens of innocent women. Just imagine if it was your own daughter. And it could be. When did you last hear from Elsie?”
Fleck recognized the picture. It had been proudly displayed in Elsie’s home the last time he had seen it. “About a day and a half ago.”
Lang and Genn both recognized the nervous, worried and disjointed gestures of Elsie’s father. He sat down and took a deep breath.
“Look, of course I’m worried about my daughter and I hope she’s alright. And you detectives have really done your homework. But I can’t tell you anything right now. Now, things could change, and rest assured, we have a plan to stop all of the murders.”
Lang and Genn glanced at each other.
“That’s all I can say right now, and all you’ll get out of me. I’m hopeful that our plan works out and everyone’s lives can go back to normal and the security of the Empire maintained.”
“But it’s a big gamble, whatever your plan is. We need as many opportunities to catch Ulah as possible. He’s already here and I’ll bet already convincing humans of the nature of the Empire. We should start hearing about missing female supervisors soon. Your daughter may already be one of them. Come on now Fleck, give us something to go on!” Lang raised her voice which startled Fleck and brought a fleeting smirk across Genn’s otherwise serious expression.
“I can’t tell you anything. You know as much as I do.” Fleck hung his head.
Lang looked over to Genn and realized it was probably true. So why did Fleck’s confirmation of their suspicions mean anything at all. They knew they were on the right track. But somehow it was the reinforcement the Detectives needed to shore up the last glimmer of doubt that the lack of facts had left gaping.
On the way back to their lodging Genn’s frustration was evident. “So Fleck basically tells us our suspicions are completely founded but still it means absolutely nothing as far as convincing the Governing Board because he’s so cryptic, the board would never accept it, and he knows that. He knows it’s information for us and us alone. And if you think about it-it means absolutely nothing…we already knew all that!”
“Did you?”
“I always knew we were right, but yes, I suppose there was a glimmer of doubt.”
Lang looked out the window. “I suppose I needed that final confirmation, too. Damn! The Empire is in such jeopardy and there is nothing we can do about it.”
“We can fight in the bloody battles that are sure to come if we don’t catch Ulah in time. If it comes to that…do you think we have a chance?” Genn asked.
“They are our food supply, so if the humans can control the base-which is their food supply…basically, we’re done.”
“What do you make of Fleck’s claim of a plan that could change everything?”
Lang looked over. “I think it’s too late for any plan other than catching Ulah and quarantining this area. Actually, considering the damage Ulah may already have caused; Plesston would need to be wiped clean and started fresh with new livestock.”

Chapter 18
What, another Vampire killer?
Drake, Herb and a handful of trusted men and women planned and spread word of the rebellion. The news travelled quickly and covertly; faster than Drake had thought possible. Before long, pockets of resistance were set up all across the expanse of the base and these pockets were busily recruiting new members by the day. Drake felt a little cooped up in the house but was grateful for the comfort, safety and security that it provided to both he and Megan and he wondered what his role would be once the rebellion began. Drake saw Elsie every day and actually admired the way she was handling her confinement. But he also knew that her time to feed was getting to the painfully urgent point.
“Oh, by the way, how’s your need right now?”
“Oh, I’m fine…I can manage.”
Drake knew this wasn’t true. He could tell by her color and her fidgety demeanor and the way she was looking at the young men that came and went from the house.
“Well there won’t be any human blood for you while we have you, so if you want to survive, you know what you have to do,” Drake said wiggling his eyebrows at Elsie.
Elsie’s face turned sour. “Never!”
Drake shrugged. “Okay, it’s your choice,” Drake turned and walked away with a smug smile on his face.
Drake found Herb and Megan making supper.
“Mmm, smells good, what’s cookin’?”
“Spaghetti,” Herb said with a smile as he pulled some vegetables out of the fridge.
“You must be getting to the point when you need you feed, too,” Megan said as she diced some tomatoes.
Drake smiled. “Yes, I am. And there is an added bonus that didn’t even occur to me a week ago; Elsie needs to feed right now, too. She’s getting desperate, actually.”
Megan narrowed her eyes. “What do you mean?”
“Well, obviously we’re not going to provide her with a human man,” Drake said, with a look that conveyed, ‘don’t you get it.’
Megan’s eyes lit up into a surprised expression. “You don’t mean?”
“Yeah, why not? And we’ll plant the body.”
“Are you sure she’ll do it?”
“Eventually, yes I’m sure.”
Megan laughed and raised her hands. “Can you imagine. They’ll be hunting for her as well as you, now.”
“I know-how cool is that? Herb, I know you hate this part, but we’ll need 2 supervisors this time…a man and a woman.”
“I’m not as squeamish about it as I was before. I just have to remind myself: first of all, they’re all killers, second, that they all have to die anyway, and third, any friendship I had with them before is all nullified now. It’s no problem, my pleasure.”
“Good, as soon as you can arrange it then,” Drake rubbed his hands together. “This is going to be fun.”

It was obvious to Megan that Drake’s participation in the rebellion was coming to an end just by the amount of time he had to torment Elsie. Drake asked Herb to invite handsome young human men over for a visit and included Elsie in the gatherings. Megan got a kick out of seeing Drake have such a fun time with this. He was like a little kid…a vengeful little kid, but a precocious scheming little kid, none the less. The thought didn’t completely sit well with Megan because she knew the root of Drake’s payback. It was as painful to Drake as it was to Megan, but she understood it a little better now, and Drake had been true to his promise, and now it was his turn. They actually had to stop the gatherings, much to Drake’s dismay because Elsie was actually making lunges, teeth bared, and the men were just too freaked out to continue with the harassment.
That night was a different gathering. Two supervisors had been invited over using a damaged grain storage tower as a ruse. Herb greeted them in his yard and invited them into the house.
“Oh, before we go look at the silo, there’s somebody that would like to say hello.”
“Really, who is it?” Rolly Tucker asked, taking his well worn hat off and brushing his brown hair aside.
“Miss Fleck.” Herb informed.
Carly Travis’s face lit up. “Oh , cool, I haven’t seen her for months. What’s she doing here?”
Herb looked down as he walked towards the house. “I told her I was having trouble adjusting to the idea of leaving the base next year and she agreed to come and talk with me for a bit, to kind of set my mind more at ease. I like it here, I don’t want to change my life.”
Carly smiled. “Don’t worry, Herb, you’ll love it up there.”
Herb seethed inside as the last vestige of friendship instantly dried up. He smothered a shudder as he recalled the crush he had had on Carly for his entire life.
“Any word on Grimshaw? I haven’t seen him for weeks,” Herb asked.
“Do you miss him?” Carly asked with a smile.
Herb blushed slightly. “Not too much, no.”
They paused on the porch, their voices framed in a background of creaking crickets.
“He’s probably on a bender up top if I know Grimshaw. Sorry, but I’ll bet he’s fine.” Carly smiled.
That smile in the past had driven him crazy with desire, but now all he could imagine was those fangs buried within. It was strangely stimulating and Herb instantly recognized the peril of such thoughts. She was still so beautiful.
Herb was uncomfortable on so many levels, and his voice stammered, “Th-this way please. Elsie’s in the living room.”
“Elsie! How’s it going. I heard through the grapevine that you had been around, but I thought you’d be gone by now,” Rolly bellowed, but his big smile dwindled into a puzzled look when he got a closer look.
Carly looked concerned, too. “How long have you been down here.” She looked at Rolly. “You look a little stressed out. Maybe you should take a break and go back up for awhile.”
Elsie’s face was ashen and she did her best to hide the pain she was in. She managed a few words through her nervous demeanor, “Hi guys! Good to see you again. Yeah I know, eh, my alarm went off yesterday and I just got tied up with stuff. My Dad’s in town waiting for me and we’re going to leave shortly. I think I may look worse then I feel. I’m more just tired than…stressed,” Elsie ended, her eyes darted this way and that.
“Herb, could you leave us for awhile. We just want to talk to Miss Fleck privately for a few minutes if you don’t mind,” Rolly said, punctuated with a polite smile.
Herb was more than glad to oblige, then his eyes met with Carly’s and his heart skipped a beat…like it used to. He turned and left the 3 of them in the living room and went out to the porch.
Drake had already disabled the vehicle that Carly and Rolly had driven over and was waiting for Herb outside. “Go tell the fellows to be ready. As soon as I leave the room with Carly, you rush Rolly. We’ll see how long Elsie can last with a vessel of blood at her feet.”
Herb did as instructed, but still had a jabbing in the pit of his gut with Carly haunting the back of his mind.
Drake entered the house and paused before entering the living room. He listened with delight to Elsie’s obvious discomfort.
Elsie was caught off guard by the situation and her grinding need was hindering her thought process. “Rolly, why don’t you go home and Carly and I can take care of whatever Herb needs from us. He’s in a very vulnerable state right now and I think we can help him to make the right choice to achieve his full potential within the Empire. I’ll give Carly a ride home when we’re done. Don’t worry, we can handle it,” she curtly waved at him.
His brow tightened and he looked over at Carly. “I would really like to see the damage to the Silo before I go,” Rolly said, sounding offended.
“But…” Elsie’s next words were cut off by the entrance of Drake.
“Hello Rolly, hello Carly- nice to see you again.”
Shocked looks turned to smiles and then to confused expressions when the 2 visitors turned to see their old friend, Drake. Drake stepped forward to shake Rolly’s hand and a quick hug for Carly. The unmistakable presence of another Vampire was quickly noted.
“I’m just here trying to help Elsie talk some sense into old Herb. She thought because we had been such close friends that I could help convince him to, you know, fulfill his obligation.”
Carly and Rolly were both still amazed to see Drake again, as a Vampire.
Rolly said, “I thought The Great Edict was passed before you had a chance to be converted? But obviously not.”
“Elsie was able to pull some strings. She’s pretty amazing, really; although I need to get her back upstairs. She’s so dedicated to her people and her responsibilities; they seem to matter more than her own comfort and needs. It’s really nice to see you guys again…on a different level,” Drake said, and his eyes lingered within Carley’s vibrant blue gaze.
Carly’s heart now fluttered. She felt her last feed rush to her face and felt a tug at her subconscious to shyly look away, but could not.
Elsie and Rolly studied the pair.
“I guess Megan didn’t get the same opportunity as you?” Carly asked.
“No, she was given a more substantial role in the maintenance of the Empire. I believe she has already fulfilled her obligation.”
Both guests nodded and grunted their understanding.
Carly tried to smother a pleased smile but the remnants lingered. Non-chalantly tidying her dusty hair Carly fought a garden of butterflies just released in the pit of her stomach.
“Carly, come with me for a minute, I want to show you something. Rolly, please try to talk some sense into Elsie, will you? The authorities will be looking for her soon.”
Rolly smiled. “No problem-man it’s good to see you again, Drake…welcome aboard.”
“Glad to be a part of what I know will be a change for the better. Come on Carly.” Drake extended his hand and Carly, surprised but delighted by the gesture, took it and followed willingly.
Elsie and Rolly watched them go; Rolly with a pleased expression, Elsie though, a tight jawed grimace.
“Wow! What an unexpected surprise that was. Carly sure looked pleased-she’s always had a thing for Drake.” Rolly noticed Elsie’s expression and realized he may have twanged a nerve. He remembered rumors that Elsie also had a thing for Drake.
He chuckled a little nervously, “I guess there aren’t too many girls that didn’t have a crush on Drake.”
Out on the porch Herb saw Carly go by with Drake and knew this was his cue. He felt a twinge of jealousy and anger towards Drake but managed to shake off the ridiculous emotions. He assumed Carly would be dead in a few minutes and he really had to squash the absurd feeling of pain that surfaced. Gritting his teeth, Herb waved over to the barn and 6 young, strong looking men appeared out of the darkness.
Rolly looked down at Elsie and purposely tried to look more stern. “Come on now, Elsie-I know you feel a personal connection to your charges, but to delay the need to go back up top is ridiculous. Surely…”
Herb entered the room. “Sorry for the intrusion. We thought you may want to look at that silo now.”
Rolly turned to see Herb and 6 other workers behind him. “Whoa, what are all you guys doing here. I didn’t think I’d be seeing all of you again so soon. Is there a poker game that you forgot to invite me to?” Rolly asked with a broad smile.
Elsie shook her head and leaned back in her chair.
The men rushed Rolly and quickly subdued him with duct tape and a gag. He fought ferociously, all the time with a terrified and confused look in his eyes.
All of the men had liked Rolly as a supervisor and even as they struggled with him, wondered if they were doing the right thing.
“He’s a Vampire, boys, he’s killed hundreds of young women just like your own sisters. He has drained them of their blood without a single thought of remorse for his victims. Are his feet and hands secure?”
The men left Rolly there at the feet of Elsie like a Vampire sacrifice.
In the other room Carly heard a commotion. “What was that?”
Drake smiled and looked deep into Carly’s eyes and she didn’t care anymore.
He didn’t speak another word and Carly felt every caress of Drake’s gaze like it was a warm bath relaxing every tense muscle in her body. She no longer felt the tension of physical attraction, just the relaxed feeling of contentment.
When he was growing up Drake had a crush on Carly, too. He remembered having young boy dreams and conversations with Herb at their fishing spot, about how hot she was. But, back then, she was older and way out of their league. Drake’s attentions turned to Megan as the years progressed and he never looked back. But now here she was, at his mercy, with all of the appealing beauty that had attracted him when he was 12-years-old. Her long slender throat beckoned to him until Herb walked in. Drake’s head jerked around, but Carly was unwilling to snap out of her bliss. Herb just stood there looking pitiful and Drake smiled and nodded at his old friend. Dropping his head, Herb turned and left them with their privacy. Drake felt a twinge of, ‘letting a friend down’ or ‘not adhering to the guy code’, or some such ridiculous emotion. He shook it off and tried not to enjoy the moment so much; although, the feeling was glorious.
He walked out of the room and found Herb on the porch, trying his hardest not to sulk.
“Sorry buddy…but you chose her. Why did you pick her as the one to bring over?”
“It was the obvious choice for the deception…and I honestly did not think I would have these feelings-considering everything.”
Drake smiled, “I know. These are hard times. But things will get easier once we begin the battle away from our own homes. They all have to go…including me,” Drake said.
“I think I would have let her feed from me,” Herb revealed sheepishly.
Drake understood his feelings. “Love’s a strong thing. I’m sorry things had to work out the way they have…for all of us.”
Drake rubbed his hands together, his demeanor suddenly changing. “So, how’s Elsie making out with her Vampire dinner?”
“Well, Rolly’s at her feet, like a roast pig, done up with an apple in its mouth. That was kind of hard, too. Jeez Drake, they were both so nice…how could they turn themselves into killers.”
“It’s hard for most people to choose, sure imminent death, over eternal life.”
“You managed to do it.”
“But I had the Great Edict to help me. I like to think that I would have resisted…but look at me now, I ended up one anyway.”
“Maybe it was destined to be,” Herb said. “that you would come along at exactly the time of the Great Edict, as they call it.”
Drake shrugged. “Maybe. Let’s go see how Elsie is doing. And try not to have any residual feelings for these people any more. It is essential and justified that we have hate on now for them now. This is war and there is no room for merciful thinking. Let’s try not to let nostalgia inhibit our reflexes.”
Herb nodded, set his jaw and followed Drake into the house.
“Elsie, you seem to be sitting on the edge of your seat,” Drake, said. “Hello, Rolly.”
Rolly still wore a bewildered, traumatized expression as he struggled to look up.
“Don’t worry, Rolly, I expect that Miss Fleck will help you through this trying time- isn’t that right Elsie?” Drake said, looking rather pleased with himself. “He’s there if you want him, Elsie-and I know you want him. He’s all you’ll get. Judging by how flushed he is, I’d say he’s fed just recently. Just think of all of that fresh human blood coursing through his veins; blood that could end your torture. Up to you,” Drake ended with a shrug.
***
Lang and Genn drove back to their temporary lodging after their meeting with Elsie’s father. Lang tried to stop looking at the picture of Drake, but it was like a magnet.
Genn glanced over as he drove. “You know, you’re going to wear a hole in that thing.”
Lang blushed and put it aside, again.
Genn’s phone rang. The detectives had become accustomed to this being the harbinger of bad news.
“Genn here.”
Lang studied Genn’s face and soon saw the telltale grimace that usually meant another body. Genn hung up.
“I guess we were due for another one,” Lang said.
Genn looked over. “How about another 2.”
“Two?”
“And 1 of them is male.”
“What?”
It took them only 5 minutes to get to the dump site.
“Not too out of the way, is it?” Genn said.
“He’s never really made it a secret when he kills, but1 male victim-I don’t get it. Maybe it’s just a murder with no feed.”
Pulling up, the detectives were puzzled to see a minor excavation taking place.
A detective approached. “Morning, Genn, Lang. We have 1 fresh body, a female up on the knoll there, but we also discovered a fairly fresh grave over by that thicket. It appears to be male and in a state of decomposition. It’s a little smelly.” He displayed a sour expression.
A breeze came up from that direction and the detectives reeled.
“Told ya.”
The detectives walked up the hill and over to the spot that had just been dug up.
“You know, Genn, Elsie has been away from a feed for over a week now. Do you think she could have been forced by hunger to murder? There’s no way they would have provided a human for her.”
Genn’s eyebrows jumped. “I guess we’ll find out shortly.”
The body was riddled with maggots and the victim’s mouth was wide open; his final look of anguish still discernible through the decay.
With a look of distaste, Genn pulled out his electronic DNA tester. “Well, feeding was definitely the motive. He held the instrument to the decaying wound. “Arthur Grimshaw. And the murderer is…wow, that’s kind of unexpected,” he looked over to Lang, the stench suddenly not an issue. “Ulah.”
Lang’s eyes opened wide. “Wow, that’s unusual. Why would he do that? Female supervisors aren’t that rare down here. Let’s test the woman.”
They walked to the top of the knoll.
“What a waste,” Lang said, shaking her head.
The victim’s serene appearance and expression were a stark difference from that of Grimshaw.
Genn tested the woman, “Carly Benson…Ulah as well.”
Lang looked confused. “Maybe they ran out of female options and had to go with male, but I’m surprised that he was able to manage with a male victim.”
On the drive back Lang talked out her thoughts, “Let’s look at this, Genn. The buried body, according to the detectives on site was pretty well concealed, while the other was out in the open. I think Ulah was embarrassed that he had fed from a male so he tried to hide the evidence, or more likely gave instructions to someone else to do so. I’m sure he wouldn’t have been happy to know that the woman’s body was dumped so close to the male victim’s shallow grave, and really not too hard to find because of the proximity…but, why? It’s obvious that other female victims were, and are available, because the woman was killed after the man, and he obviously didn’t care if her body was found because it wasn’t concealed. But why did Ulah kill the male supervisor? Let’s pay a visit to Farmer Pless. I want to ask him about this Vampire. What was his name again, Genn?”
“Grimshaw.”
***
Farmer Pless was running a load of corn over to a storage bin when the detectives found him. He shut it down and the detectives followed him to the privacy of his office.
“What a shame. Two good people-well 1 anyway. Are you absolutely sure it’s, Drake? It seems so out of character. And 1 male Vampire? That certainly sounds strange.”
Lang presented Pless with the cropped picture that Margaret had given to her.
“That’s definitely, Drake. Why has the picture been cut?”
“To hide the identity of the other subject,” Lang said.
“And do have any suspicions of who that may be, because whoever it is, is probably the one who started this whole mess.”
“We’re not really at liberty to say at this point of the investigation, but what we really wanted to ask you was about the male victim-Mr. Grimshaw,” Lang asked.
Pless shook his head. “A nasty piece of work Grimshaw was. There will be no tears shed on either side of the fence for that one. Carly will be missed by all, human and Vampire, such a shame. But Grimshaw, no one will miss his nasty demeanor. He would go out of his way to make life miserable for others; especially those he hated. He absolutely hated Drake and I had to act as the buffer between them on many occasions.”
“So why did you keep him around?” Lang asked.
“Well, to be truthful, he got the jobs done, quickly and efficiently, and, his DNA donor has some pull. On numerous occasions when I was ready to fire Grimshaw, his donor managed to keep him his job. We would talk to him, and Grimshaw would improve for awhile, but he always went back to his old spiteful ways. As I recall, part of his problem with Drake, was that Grimshaw had a ‘fang on’ for Megan Durham and I don’t know if you remember, but Megan was Drake’s sweetheart.”
“Yes, I remember. Thanks Farmer Pless. That clears up a few things. Come on, Genn.”
Genn looked over and stood up, unsure of what Pless had just cleared up.
“Don’t you get it? Grimshaw was the perfect example to use for his demonstration,” Lang explained as they walked back to their vehicle.
“Demonstration?”
“Ulah would have had to prove to a group of trustworthy friends that his outlandish claim was true. So he picked someone to murder that the human’s didn’t like; in fact, hated. It was a smart move when you think about it. Killing a supervisor that everyone liked and respected may have backfired, and Ulah could have been dead before his plan had a chance to form. But he chose someone that they all hated. And it seems to have worked, because the next victim was well regarded. It must have been quite a chore for Ulah to get suitably stimulated to be able to feed from a male victim, especially one he loathed. Do you think you could ever do it?”
Genn opened the car door and looked across the roof towards Lang, his face suddenly looking like he had a bad taste in his mouth. “What? Feed from a man?”
Lang hid a smirk and plunked herself into the car seat.
Genn quickly followed. “How could you even ask me that question? I’d starve first. I just wouldn’t be able to: first, the thought just turns my stomach, and secondly, because of the first, I couldn’t physically extend. As a matter of fact they would probably retract deep into my skull. Now don’t get me wrong, I don’t care if other Vampire men want to go that way, I just couldn’t do it myself. How about you?”
“Genn, that’s a rather personal question!”
“Well, you asked me.”
Lang laughed and then thought momentarily. “Yes, definitely I would. I certainly wouldn’t starve to death because of that. But, she would have to be hot.”
Genn roared out a laugh as he wheeled away from the farm and onto the highway.

Chapter 19
Elsie’s Offer
As the days passed Drake and his growing army continued to spread the word. It multiplied quickly and a plan began to form. All of the transfer stations would need to be commandeered, but there were many of them and spread out across the wide expanse of territory that the base did cover. What Drake thought would take months, took weeks. Megan began to show signs of her pregnancy which only made Drake more determined to provide his child with a better life. Soon, pockets of resistance were set up around all of the transfer stations and all supervisors became targets for execution. It was difficult to still allow the Vampires their food supply. It was the hardest thing Drake had to do now, was to allow this to continue. It gnawed at him like a constant irritant and he suffered grievously from the guilt. Another annoyance was Elsie constantly in his ear about the danger he was in. She told Drake of her plan of escape for him-off the planet and away safe until things cooled off.
***
“My place is here, Elsie. I’ll die in the dome just like you,” Drake said calmly.
Elsie’s face turned sour and annoyed. “Why do you have to keep talking like that. You know that can never happen. The Empire is just too strong. I admit you will cause a lot of trouble for us and we may have to tighten our belts a little, but a rebellion can never be successful. You need to look at the big picture, Drake. If you go away, things will cool off, and then we can get you back here. Megan will be gone of course, but your child will still be alive. You can watch him grow to maturity. We could even work out a way that you could be a part of his life down at the base. Then, when he reaches maturity, you can buy him and protect him for the rest of his life.” Elsie wisely stopped short of suggesting another illegal conversion with Drake as his own child’s donor. “I’ll bet Megan will agree with me.”
“You may be right, but my place is here right now, until the job is done, and Megan understands that. Now, I have a meeting to attend and some work to do, so no more talk of space shuttles to distant planets, please.”

Elsie went to find Megan, finding her cleaning up in the kitchen after the noon meal.
“Surely you can talk some sense into him. The noose is tightening, and once he is caught, he will be killed,” Elsie pleaded her case to Megan.
Megan turned to look at Elsie, fist on hip. “If this rebellion is successful, you will certainly go before Drake, so I’d be more concerned about my own well being if I were you.”
“Surely you realize that this rebellion has zero hope for success. The sooner we can get Drake away from here, the better, and obviously we both want to save him-right?”
Megan flashed an irritated look. “Of course I want to save him, Elsie, but there is a greater need right now, and it is that necessity, relentlessly driving him right now.”
Elsie swallowed hard. “But he also loves you, and his child that you carry. It will be his only reason for living once the rebellion fails. If we can convince him that he may be able to come back some day after things have cooled off, we can save him. That’s the only thing that will appeal to him. So, help me to convince him…please. You want this as much as I do.”
Megan turned back to the pile of dishes in the sink. “I’ll think about it.”
She heard Elsie leave the room and leaned on the edge of the counter. Drying her hands on her apron, Megan’s hand paused on her belly. She realized, if the rebellion were successful, and things were actually coming close to turning from plan to exploit, that she and her child would be safe, but Drake would not. Why not try to get him away once everything was set up and in place. Megan could already see the need for Drake in this rebellion, dwindling. And as his necessity waned, humans, even his best friends would see him as the enemy.
Megan cornered Drake after his meeting.
“Why don’t you take Elsie and her father up on their offer? As time goes on things may change, and you would be able to come back and see your child…and me.”
Drake thought about that. He wasn’t scared to die but he certainly would prefer to live. And the prospect of possibly returning to Megan and their child was something that appealed to him. He couldn’t figure out how that could possibly happen, but he couldn’t argue with Megan’s wisdom; the passing of time did bring change. Things were almost set up and rebellion was imminent. Drake had full confidence in the men spearheading the operation and he could see that the need for him was at an end. By simply controlling the transfer stations, the humans could starve the Vampires to death in a matter of weeks. The thought of the suffering of rapid aging that the Vampire population was about to be subjected to was a vengeful delight to Drake. The upper dome would rapidly decay into a chaos and lawlessness. The Vampires with the most wealth would be the last to go. They would have to lock themselves up with their stockpile of blood stock in order to be protected by the desperate mob. Vampire against Vampire until the last was gone. To think that a month from now, no more Vampires would exist, and right now they were all completely oblivious to the prospect that their precious eternal lives were about to come to an agonizing end.
Megan continued, “Maybe not in my lifetime, but our scientists will pick up where the Vampires left off and maybe they will come up with a reversal to the Vampire conversion and be able to make you human again.”
Drake frowned. “I don’t see how that could possibly happen. It will take centuries for our people to catch up to where the Vampires are right now, technologically. And they will have no need to spend their time on a means to transform back one lone Vampire living far away on a foreign planet.”
“I, and your child, and your grand children will continue to fight for you, the hero that saved the human race. If just out of sheer obligation to do what’s right, there will be people to continue to keep the hope alive.”
Drake shook his head. “It’s a long shot.”
“A long shot is still a chance. It won’t hurt just to ask Elsie some questions, will it?”
Drake cringed. “I suppose not. I just hate to have to depend on Elsie for anything.”
He looked into those eyes that always got their way. He loved her so much and he reached out to touch her and their growing child. “Let’s just let Elsie think that she’s probably right about the rebellion not having much of a chance.”
Megan’s pleading look broke instantly into a delighted grin and she jumped to encircle his neck.
Drake’s solemn look melted away as he gladly accepted her into his arms. Ever since Drake first met Megan when she was transferred to Plesston at the age of 15, his most pleasurable feeling was, making her happy. Oh, to be able to come back and be normal again…he would do anything for that.
***
“Elsie, I think I may want to take you up on your offer. You’re right, the rebellion may not be a success and I’d like to attempt escape with the possibility of returning one day.”
Elsie beamed and sat up at attention. “I’m so glad you’ve come to your senses. Things will cool off eventually and you can return and take your rightful place in the Empire. We’ll work things out. I’ll get you some paperwork and a false identity for you. I already had been looking into that and had figured out a way to do it. This new planet you’re going to will get you used to feeding from a non-Vampire life form. The inhabitants there apparently closely resemble humans physically and nutritionally, but they are just animals so don’t get all sentimental again and refuse to feed.”
Drake’s jaw tightened. “Sounds ideal. Why haven’t the Vampires already begun to colonize the planet?”
“We have brought back many of the inhabitants for testing, but have yet come up with a viable strategy such as we have here. And we have everything we need right here that works perfectly well, so there is no urgency. Maybe you can come up with your own strategy to feed a colony of Vampires and I can come and join you some day. Wouldn’t that be exciting! You’re like an explorer going to a new land of vast opportunity.” Elsie bounced in her chair.
Drake cringed at the thought but kept his face even. “Let’s just concentrate at the task at hand, Elsie. You’ll need to talk to your father and set up the plans. The sooner we get out of here the better. Those detectives will be watching him like a hawk, so he’ll have to be careful. Quite frankly, you have more to lose if we get caught than I do, now that you’re a murderer.”
Elsie’s eyes narrowed. “I’ll deal with that when the time comes. The main thing is to get you away first; although, you did needlessly complicate things.”
“Maybe so, but it seemed like a good idea at the time. We’re waiting for better timing to display your victim. You never did tell me what it was like for you. Are you hooked on the rush of Vampire blood now? You know how they say the intoxication is addicting, and I can personally attest to that.”
“I can assure you that it was a onetime thing. No different feeling than the couple kill we shared.” All of a sudden Elsie’s eyes went dreamy.
“How can you even remind me of that?”
“Well, you’re rubbing it in my face…fair’s, fair, and it was a lovely occasion. Other than being the donor during your conversion, it was the best experience of my life.”
Drake relaxed. “There is definitely nothing fair about this entire situation, but getting back to the matter at hand, the longer we wait the better chance of them getting lucky.”
“Don’t worry, Drake. Leave it to me, everything’s going to be all right now…the way it should be.”
“The way it should be. You’re right, Elsie-it’s finally going to be, as it should be. Call your father right away and get things set up. Tell him that someone will pick him up at the back of Robinson’s general store at 5, sharp,” Drake said as he walked away.

Drake went to a bright room at the back of the house where he knew he’d find Megan.
“I told Elsie that I’d take her up on her offer.”
Megan walked over, and on tiptoes encircled his neck.
Megan realized as she felt Drake’s warm breath filtering through her hair that her feelings towards him had finally returned to the way it was before his conversion…he was just Drake again. The only thing that had changed was the world around them, and Megan was determined to change it back.
“We have brilliant minds that can sift through all of the records and pick up where the Vampires have left off, and I will relentlessly push the new government to catch up as quickly as possible and to find the technology that will reverse your predicament. You will be a hero, and heroes are recognized and honored. My hopes are high.”
Drake loosened his grip so he could see Megan’s face. “I’m going to miss you terribly.”
“We’ll be here waiting for you when you get back. Promise you won’t be disappointed if you come back to an old lady.”
“You will be a beautiful old lady. I guarantee it!”
***
In another area of the house Elsie bounced around the room. She gave her father detailed instructions on how to get to Robinson’s general store.
“Five sharp, and make sure you’re not followed. I’ll see you soon…and thanks, Dad.”
Fleck hung up the phone and shook his head. “Why do I risk so much for her?” he asked himself and then started to collect his belongings.

The junior manager of Robinson’s general store was human and proud to be able to do something to help the cause. He hustled Elsie’s father to the back of the store and Herb collected Fleck without incident.
Goodbyes were short when the time came as everything had already been said.
Megan was so proud of Drake but the thought of never seeing him again knotted in her gut and again her hand caressed her swollen belly.
“I’m going to miss you so much,” Megan said, fighting back an emotional breakdown.
“Like you said, I could be back in a few years. I’ll keep up hope. It will be the only thing that will keep me going. Say hello to junior for me.” Drake placed his hand on Megan’s belly and he felt tears sting his eyes. “I love you so much, Megan.”
The vice-like hug couldn’t contain the jerking of Megan’s sobs and Drake’s embrace intensified; like he wanted their bodies to become one. They felt closer to each other now than any time since Elsie converted Drake.
It made Elsie cringe to see Drake and Megan together like this. She turned away and made herself busy. Elsie re-assured herself that when she next saw Drake, Megan would no longer be in the picture and she would have him for herself.
Drake climbed into the trunk and made himself as comfortable as possible. They managed to sneak out of Plesston and made it to a transfer station. Days from now, this and every other transfer station would be taken over and disabled. After that, it would just be a matter of time before the flow of blood stopped and the agony began. The older the Vampire, the faster the aging process and the more intense the pain. Drake shuddered at the thought of it, as he had experienced it in its mildest form.

Detective Lang had asked the local transfer station to be on the look-out for Elsie’s car and they called to report it.
“Search the car!” Genn yelled over the phone.
“You know we can’t do that without a search warrant and we can’t even detain the car. For the love of crimson, Ms. Fleck is a government agent and comes and goes freely countless times every year. I wouldn’t have agreed to notify you if I knew you were going to overstep your bounds.”
“Okay, okay, thanks…” Genn hung up. “for nothing.”
Lang was already packing up her personal effects.
Genn watched her momentarily. “So, I suppose we’re following.”
Lang just glanced but didn’t speak. Genn admitted to his dumb question with a grunt and proceeded to gather up his belongings.
“Maybe Ulah is still here,” Genn ventured.
“I’m convinced he’s in that car. For what reason I don’t know. Elsie wouldn’t leave without Ulah unless he was dead, and I’m sure he isn’t. And this thing is coming to a head. I’m sure you would rather be up top where it’s safe when the rebellion starts. I fear it’s too late now. So I think you and I may be starving to death within the next few weeks. I would recommend liquidating all of your assets, empty your bank account and buy as much blood stock as you have room for; although, it will just delay the inevitable. But I can pretty much guarantee the price of a human will sky rocket over the next couple of months. The rich will be the last to go.”
“You’re just full of the joy of life, aren’t you?”
“Just a hunch.”
“A morbid hunch.”
***
Elsie steered her car down the road on her way to the Balmoral. She knew the detectives wouldn’t be far behind but it didn’t concern her anymore. The irritants just didn’t have time to put together a case to detain Drake. The space probe was scheduled to leave in 3 days and Elsie’s father was busy making the final preparations. The detectives would need a court order to obtain a DNA sample from Drake, and if they requested identification, Drake had 48 hours to produce it. Then they would need to find him again. There just wasn’t enough time for them to go through all the red tape that protected all Vampire’s rights. Elsie smiled to herself. It may take some time, but one day, maybe hundreds of years from now, they would be together again.

Lang and Genn had managed to track where Drake was staying. It was puzzling to the detectives just how easy it was to follow Elsie to the Hotel. Elsie even allowed Drake to use the same credit card that they had access to the records.
“He’s even at the Balmoral again. It’s like she’s waving him in front of our noses and taunting us. Why would she do that, Genn?”
“Beats me, the entire scenario makes no sense.”
Lang sighed heavily, “And why are we even bothering. Who cares if we catch Ulah now, he’s already done his damage and catching him isn’t going to change the inevitable.”
Genn frowned. “I do wish you would stop talking like that. You don’t know for sure that the revolution will be successful. Maybe it’ll fall flat on its face. Give our side some credit.”
Lang smiled. “They outnumber us 10-1, Genn. As long as they can get enough numbers together to take control of the transfer stations, we’re done. Wow, we are so weak and we still don’t even realize it. It’s like talking to a brick wall trying to get anyone to believe me. The evidence is at the Balmoral and we can’t even produce it.”
“Well, we still have a job to do. Right?”
“You’re right Genn-and I’d like to meet the man who wiped out an entire race.”
Lang read Genn’s look. “Okay…I’ll shut up.”
Sitting in the hotel lobby reminded Detective Lang of the last time she had done the same. She looked over to where Drake had sat and read his paper and remembered his face.
***
Drake readied himself for his walk with Elsie. He fully expected the detectives to detain him, briefly. He was actually looking forward to meeting them, especially Lang. It amused Drake that Lang had gotten under Elsie’s skin so effectively. He exited the lift and looked over to the couches where the detectives had been sitting weeks before.
Lang’s eyes patrolled the lobby, always going back to the lift doors when they opened. Her eyes locked with Drake’s as he exited the elevator and she felt a jolt that made her heart race. Drake smiled and turned towards the front doors. Genn saw him, too, and looked to Lang. They both jumped to their feet, excited to finally see the advisory who had eluded them for months.
Elsie had parked and was waiting in the green space across the street. She saw Drake exit the hotel and as he approached, Lang and Genn emerged, their eyes darting this way and that.
“I think we may have company,” Drake said without looking back.
Elsie smiled mischievously. “Remember, they can’t do anything but ask for your identification. Just give a false name and story. Let’s just wait and get this over with.”
Drake nodded but still kept his back to the approaching detectives. Elsie felt superior and in control. She loved the looks on their faces; especially Lang.
“Good morning, Miss Fleck. Out for an early morning walk?” Lang said loudly as the detectives approached.
“Good morning, detectives. I’ve told you before Detective Lang, that my activities are of no concern of yours.”
“Just trying to be polite. Good morning sir…I don’t think we’ve met before. I’m Detective Lang and this is my partner Detective Genn.”
Drake turned around and greeted them pleasantly.
Genn stood grim faced, the hate he felt for this killer obvious.
Lang felt a mixture of emotions, and they all contributed to the same rush of excitement that struck deep inside her.
Genn looked over to Lang who, for once, didn’t take the lead.
“May we ask your name, sir?” Genn asked.
“John Drake.”
Genn flashed an annoyed look over to Lang. Genn hated to be toyed with by the scum of the dome.
With well practiced patience, Genn asked for Drake’s I.D. “I’m sure you’ve been following the string of recent murders. We’ve been assigned to bring that killer to justice. May I please see some government issued picture identification?”
Elsie watched Lang out of the corner of her eye. Lang’s usual see all expertise was now being challenged by the presence of Drake so she didn’t notice Elsie’s smug smirk.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t bring it with me. I didn’t expect to need it this morning,” Drake answered Genn, but his gaze and smile was directed towards Lang. “Elsie and I are just going for a walk but another beautiful woman is always welcome.”
Lang’s face flushed pink.
Lang looked over at Genn’s stern face and regained her composure. She looked over at Elsie and smiled. “Yes, that would be lovely-I think we may tag along for a bit.”
Elsie glanced sternly at Drake. She had wanted to flaunt Drake in front of the detectives, but she didn’t want to share any of her precious time with him.
“There have been 44 gruesome murders of innocent Vampire women. Most of the murders have been perpetrated up in the dome, but the last few have taken place at the base. I’m guessing that they’ll start up again up here fairly soon,” Lang explained, her gaze riveted to Drake’s face, looking for his reaction and just unable to look away.
“You sound very confident in that assumption. On what is it based?” Drake asked.
“Oh, just a hunch.”
Drake’s gaze wandered down to Lang’s neck, and she noticed. A strange feeling came over her; one of lust, mixed with trepidation. It was unlike any other feeling she had ever experienced. Lang’s body shuddered and she looked away for the first time.
The exchange was not overlooked by Elsie and she fumed with jealousy.
Genn immediately recognized danger and came to his helpless partner’s rescue. “When is the soonest you could produce your identification? We just need to eliminate you as a suspect.”
“Oh, I’m a suspect, am I? On what grounds do you consider me that?”
Lang again exposed herself to Drake’s gaze. Her reactions were more like that of a giddy school-girl than an experienced detective with over 300 years under her belt.
Genn answered loudly, “We’re just trying to eliminate as many people as possible. I’m afraid your association with certain people and your odd movements and lifestyle have put you on our radar. Once we have checked you off the list we won’t bother you again.”
Drake finally broke his gaze with Lang and looked over to Genn. “Why do I get the feeling like I’m the only one on the list.”
Genn smiled. “It is a short list.” He looked intently at Drake…into his twisted, murderous soul and longed to beat the blood out of him. “Come on Lang, it’s time we left these two alone.”
Lang knew what Genn was doing, and as difficult as it was to do, she realized she needed to get away from Drake. “Yes, we’ve taken up enough of your time. You have 48 hours to produce your identification Mr. Drake, and failing to meet that deadline would give us sufficient grounds to arrest you and obtain a DNA sample. Do you understand?” Lang looked again into the brown eyes that absolutely mesmerized her.
Drake held her gaze for what seemed like an eternity to Lang. She actually felt an urge to surrender to him right there in the park in broad daylight. Lang felt a vice like grip envelop her upper arm and a firm but gentle tug away from the object of her fascination. With eye contact broken, Lang realized Genn was pulling her away and she understood why this man was such a prolific serial killer.
Drake smiled smugly over to Elsie.
“You enjoyed that, didn’t you?” Elsie said through her annoyance.
Drake smiled broadly. “And you enjoyed it less than you thought you would.”
Elsie rolled her eyes rapidly and shook her head. “I thought I would revel in the situation, but the hate and jealousy in me just took over. And the way you looked at her.”
“I look at these women as food, that’s all. Surely you don’t want me to look at you like that.”
Elsie dropped her gaze. “As ridiculous as it sounds…yes I do.”

Once in their car, the detectives stared blankly forward. Genn finally broke the silence. “That’s a dangerous man. And what the bloodless hell was going on between you and this freak show!”
Lang looked over, still shaken by the episode. “Wow, Genn, I can now see why this guy has managed to kill so easily. He has a hypnotic effect on me that I can’t seem to fight. We all have it to some degree but we get lazy and resort to drugging our victims. He has honed his into a dangerous weapon. Holy crap, Genn, I would be putty in his hands if I was alone with him.”
“Then you can’t ever be alone with him.” Genn immediately shook his head at the ridiculousness of the statement, and Lang looked over and smiled.
“Thanks for havin’ my back, Genn.”

Chapter 20
Race to the Top
Elsie was so focused on her own scheme, she hardly noticed news of a rebellion at the base. Armies were dispatched to quickly quell the humans, but they were having difficulty getting to the problem areas which appeared to be centered at the transfer stations. The government tried to downplay the seriousness of the matter, but soon the details began to emerge.
Elsie’s father was at her home making final arrangements. “The rebellion that Drake began is now in full swing, and I’m getting a bad feeling about the severity of the whole matter. All of the transfer stations have been disabled. The humans don’t even have to confront our assembled army because we can’t get down there to deal with it. It’s a dire situation, Elsie.”
“We’ll figure it out, I’m sure. Is everything going as planned at the space center?”
Fleck looked annoyed. “You know, Elsie…there are other people in the dome other than you. And every one of those Vampires is in jeopardy right now-including you. Your obsessions may have led to the demise of our race. Don’t you get that?”
“My blood, dad-you’re as bad as everyone else; over dramatizing. You know as well as I do, there is no way this rebellion can be successful, we’re just too superior. We’re the master race and you know it. You didn’t answer my question.”
Fleck shook his head. “I can’t see this not working. I wouldn’t do it, otherwise. You know that, right?”
Elsie glanced over and appeazingly smiled. “Yes, I know dad.” Elsie’s steady stare managed to change the subject back to the business at hand.
“The security measures are pretty slack. There has never been a need to be on guard for anything. This is a sample collection trip so the pod will be empty on the way, except for Drake. The passenger area is comfortable and secure. I don’t even want to know about Drake’s final feed.”
“Don’t worry about that, you have enough responsibility already. I’ll meet you in your office at 2, right?”
“Yes, 2 sharp. Remember the express lift takes an hour and 20 minutes to reach the top of the dome. Don’t stress me out any more than I already am by being late.”
Elsie smiled. “Okay, thanks dad-I really appreciate this.” Elsie gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Fleck fought back a tear, exited quickly and realized he would do anything for his little girl. As he walked to his car his thoughts went to his part in what may possibly be the demise of their great race and how unfair it was, the only Vampire to survive may be the one who started the entire thing.
***
Elsie walked into the hotel and nodded to the ever present Genn and Lang. Genn’s frame engulfed the chair he chose to doze in.
Lang nodded in return. “What’s she up to, Genn? She knows that we can arrest Ulah in another 36 hours, yet she openly flaunts him in front of us now. What has changed? She’s got something up her sleeve.” Lang looked over at Genn. “Hey, come on! You’re the one who was so gung ho to complete the job. Wake up.”
Genn groaned, stretched, straightened up and with greatest effort, cracked open his eyelids. “I agree but what?”
“It’s got to have something to do with the plan Fleck told us about. You know, the one that would put an end to Ulah’s rampage. Whatever it is, it’s got to happen in the next 36 hours. And whatever it is, Ulah must have just recently agreed to it.”
“Well, all I know is, in another 36 hours, I get to arrest that sack of shit for 44 murders, and I can’t wait.” Genn rubbed his big hands together.
Lang’s mouth tightened. “Let’s just hope he’s around to arrest by then.”
“Where’s he going to go? If he’s still active, he’s easy to track. We’ve got him.” Genn leaned back and closed his eyes again.
“No, Elsie’s up to something,” Lang said emphatically.
***
Elsie smiled to herself on her way up to Drake’s room. She felt good about being back in control of the situation again, when for so long it all felt out of control. She sat down with Drake in his room to discuss plans for the day.
“Now what about your final feed before the trip?”
“I was just going to go out and do what I usually do.” Drake said as he relaxed comfortably in a chair.
“Let me arrange your last feed for you,” Elsie said.
Drake noticed the serious look and perked up in his seat. “What have you got up your sleeve, Elsie?”
Elsie smiled mischievously. “Just let me take care of it-you’ll get your meal, don’t worry.”
Drake settled back into his chair. “Okay, you’re the caterer.”
“Oh, she’ll satisfy your hunger…and mine, too.”
Drake crinkled his brow. “She can’t be human…and it has to be a female.” His look turned to distaste, the foul taste of Grimshaw seared into his memory.
“I know that.”
“Okay. I’m very curious,” Drake said, putting his feet on the table.
Elsie picked up the room phone and threw her hair back. “Could you please send a messenger up to room 223-right away please.”
“Very curious,” Drake said, studying the grave look on Elsie’s face.

Elsie changed the subject away from her scheming. “My father says the journey won’t be too long for you; about two days. So you’ll need to find blood as soon as you arrive. The shuttle is always landed in a not too populated area so as not to raise too much attention, but close enough to be able to pick up a specimen. All you need to do is exit the craft as soon as you arrive and the door opens. Whatever you do, don’t go back into the space craft, or the doors will slam shut and you’ll be on your way back home.”
“So, the indigenous, intelligent species of this planet is still dumb enough to walk into the ship and get trapped?”
“They’re a very inquisitive race. And quite prolific. And an excellent source of the nutrients required by a Vampire. They are very much like our blood source here…but don’t let that stop you from feeding-they are an alien species, and a perfect natural substitute for you, who won’t feed from a human. But that will change as time goes on, I’m sure of it.”
A knock at the door interrupted Drake’s annoyed gaze, and Elsie sprang to her feet.
Elsie spoke in a hushed tone, but the male messenger’s voice was loud and clear.
“Sure no problem, Maam. One extra large and one small, just like the people,” he chuckled at his small joke. “How do they take them?”
Drake strained to hear but Elsie’s voice was too soft.
“No problem Maam. And thank you very much!”
The young Vampire walked away beaming as he carefully tucked a one-hundred dollar bill into his pocket.
***
Lang looked at her watch and peeked over to where Genn slouched like a lump. His eyelids flickered as he fought to keep them open.
Lang shook her head. A young man dressed in a hotel uniform walked their way with a bag in hand, looking right into Lang’s eyes, his face bright.
Soon he was upon her and in a loud clear voice. “Good morning. Management has sent over two complimentary coffees and a small snack. I hope you enjoy them.”
Genn perked right up.
“Thank you. And thank the management,” Lang said.
The messenger walked away as Genn rifled through the bag.
“That was nice of them, and very timely; I’m having trouble staying awake, too,” Lang admitted.
“Here, this one must be for you,” Genn said as he handed Lang the small coffee.
Genn hoisted out what appeared to be a small bucket of coffee. Just the smell of it perked him up.
Lang’s eyes opened wide. “Bloodless hell. That thing should keep you awake. There must be 10 of these in one of those. Is there cream and sugar in there? And yes, you can have my snack.”
That completed the full pull for Genn and he sat back to enjoy.
Lang hugged her cup, savoring its warmth and sipped occasionally while Genn scarfed and slurped. About 15 minutes later Elsie emerged from the lift and made her way to the customer service counter.
“What’s she up to?” Lang said softly and Genn washed down his sweet snack with a few gulps of warm coffee.
Elsie’s eyes wandered over to the detectives constantly, even as she talked to the hotel employee.
Genn finished his massive coffee and settled back in his chair once again. After a few minutes he began to fidget and get restless. Lang was too intent on keeping an eye on Elsie to pay much notice to her partner’s ever increasing discomfort.
“I have to hit the washroom, quickly,” Genn announced.
Lang felt a stab of anxiety and looked annoyed. “Hurry up.”
Elsie abruptly walked away from the service desk and disappeared behind an ornamental tree. She pulled out her phone and quickly dialed.
Lang stood up. Moments later she saw Drake emerge from the stairwell and rendezvous with Elsie. “Bloodless hell!” She looked over to the washroom area-no sign of Genn. Drake and Elsie were out the front door.
“Crap!” Lang muttered as she sprinted to the doors.
Lang bolted to her car and adjusted the seat so she could touch the pedals. Elsie’s car leisurely pulled out of the parking lot; almost appearing to be waiting for Lang to catch up.
Lang looked towards the hotel as she drove past-still no sign of Genn. “Damn it, Genn!”
“What the hell are they up to?” Lang felt very uneasy about the situation.
They were easy to follow and Lang began to put together the entire development. Genn’s words from the previous day rang in her head and she shook it in disgust. Her cell phone rang…it was Genn.
“Where the hell are you?”
“I think I’ve been set-up.”
“What…where are you?”
“Following Elsie and Ulah. While you were busy relieving yourself of the tub of coffee Elsie so kindly sent down for you, Ulah and the bitch made a dash for the door, so I felt compelled to follow.”
“Get the hell out of there! Let them go!”
Lang smiled. “Don’t worry, I won’t put myself in a vulnerable position. I just want to see what they’re up to.”
Genn sounded exasperated. “They’re trying to set you up, don’t be a fool, get the hell away from them.”
Just then Elsie pulled over and Drake got out of the vehicle.
“She just dropped Ulah off beside a park. Maybe they don’t even know I’m here. Ulah walked into the park but Elsie’s just parked. Maybe we’re just jumping to conclusions.”
Genn rubbed his face in frustration as he frantically scanned the street for a cab. “Where are you? I’ll get there as soon as I can.”
“I think I’m northwest of the hotel, but not sure of the street names.
“Whatever you do, don’t follow Ulah. Do you understand?”
“But I may be able to save a life.”
“Yeah, your own by staying put!”
“I think I’ll just feel out Elsie; she’s still parked on the street and it is broad daylight. I’ll be fine…remember, I’m trained for this. See you soon.” Lang hung up before Genn could voice his frustrations.
Elsie’s head was facing forward, but her gaze was slanted towards her rear-view mirror. A wicked sneer spread across her face when she saw Lang’s door open.
Drake doubled back and stood out of sight. He was pleased but not surprised by Elsie’s choice for his final feed. The sensation of saliva being excreted made Drake wince and he swallowed. His imagination conjured up a vision of Lang’s pretty face and her delicate neck and collar.
Elsie’s peripheral was focused on her side view mirror as Lang walked warily towards the vehicle. Lang’s attention never left the park as she tapped lightly on the window.
“Detective Lang…what a surprise to see you here.” She quickly looked around. “What, no side kick, today?”
“No, he was detained…by a curious ploy that involved a jumbo coffee and some sugary baked goods. Any idea who may have been up to that?”
“Not a clue. I try to stay away from both. Coffee tends to make me run to the washroom,” Elsie finished with a smug smile.
“So, where did your friend run off to? You know, he still hasn’t dropped off his identification and we will be taking him into custody tomorrow.”
“By all means, you’re just doing your job.”
Just then Drake emerged from the park. He walked in a slow relaxed gait and his friendly inviting smile was focused directly at Lang. “Detective Lang, what a pleasant surprise to see you…I’m delighted.”
A jolt of emotions rattled Lang to her core. It was fear, but it was mixed with, almost a relief not to have missed Drake. The blend flooded Lang’s body with a unique jumble of sensations. She knew she should get out of there as quickly as possible but, that something in Drake’s gaze held her to the spot.
In a deep, comfortable, calming voice Drake took the lead, “Detective Lang, I’m so happy to see you again. You are looking as beautiful and smartly dressed as ever.” Drake’s eyes quickly scanned Lang’s attire but quickly returned to her flattered expression. “I always look forward to seeing you. I’m sorry, I left my I.D. behind this morning. I wasn’t expecting to see you or I would have brought it with me.” Drake walked around the front of the car, never breaking eye contact.
Deep in Lang’s thought process was her desire to flee, to break eye contact and just return to her car, but another desire seemed stronger and she just couldn’t make herself do it. Instead she spoke, feeling her voice waver. It shook her even more not to hear her own familiar confident tone, “Don’t worry, you still have time to produce it, but failing to do so will result in your arrest.” She made a feeble attempt at backing away as Drake closed the gap between them.
Drake’s voice felt like a warm blanket, “I was just walking in the park. It’s beautiful: the sweet scent of the flowers, vibrant colors, bordered by lush green, and trees growing tall, all enveloped by the pleasant sound of a coursing brook. You should come and see it. I’m going back to enjoy it, but it would be even better, with someone to share it…please accompany me.”
The extension of Drake’s hand was only slightly perceived through Lang’s peripheral vision, her focus was on his gentle features and soothing brown eyes. The delicate touch on her arm surprised Lang, but the shock was quickly diluted by the dominant, pleasant, tranquil sensation that continued to take over. Drake’s fingers sensually travelled down her arm. The sensation of his fingertips across the soft underbelly of Lang’s hand engulfed her, and her fingers curled into his.
Drake felt the exhilaration of seduction and the anticipation of quenching his appetite. Lang was beautiful; her auburn hair framed her classic features and tumbled in a wave across her shapely nape. Probably my last Vampire kill, Drake realized. Lang moved forward with the slightest of coaxing.
“Bye bye, Detective Lang,” Elsie whispered.
Just then a car wheeled around the corner. The hard charging engine of Genn in his borrowed taxi got louder until he screeched to a halt beside them. Elsie pounded her steering wheel, the spell was broken.
The muffled, angry voice of a yelling Genn was released to its full potency once out of the car.
“You scum of the dome! Get your mangy paws off of her! Lang! Snap out of it!”
Genn walked right up to Drake’s face and unloaded a tirade that had been brewing inside of him for all the months of following a trail of corpses. Drake wiped Genn’s spit from his face and calmly got back into Elsie’s car. Elsie gunned the engine and left Genn and Lang in her exhaust.
Lang was still looking a little lost but quickly getting her wits back.
“How could you put yourself in that situation,” Genn shouted. “Get in the car!”
“I don’t know. Before I knew it he was on me, like a wolf, and I was absolutely under the influence of his force of will. I didn’t think it could happen that quickly, or that I wouldn’t be able to just simply walk away…but I just couldn’t,” Lang defended herself as she ran to the car. “Basically, I screwed up, Genn. There’s something about this guy that is like a magnet.”
Genn shook his head. “Well, this fascination almost made you number 45. We’ve lost her already.” Genn eased upon the accelerator. “Sorry about the coffee…we almost lost you.”
Lang smiled. She could tell Genn was a little choked up. “Thanks, Genn-I owe you my life. That bitch tried to kill me.”
“She definitely has a hate on for you, but I think she likes me,” Genn joked, his relief obvious.
Lang just smiled and rolled her eyes at her blunder. Thank goodness for Genn.
***
Elsie kept checking her rear-view mirror as she twisted and turned around corners.
“Damn, now we have to scramble to find you a final feed, and we’re due at the space center in a few of hours. Our reservation on the express lift is in about 45 minutes but now we’re behind because the big oaf of a detective spoiled our plans.”
“Your plans,” Drake reminded. “I’m okay with any feed…and I’m okay hanging around for the next few weeks and taking my lumps just like the rest of the Vampires.”
“The plan is already in motion, and you agreed that it was the best thing all around. Remember, you may be able to come back in a few years after things have cooled off. Things can change dramatically over the course of a decade or two.”
“And things will change dramatically over the next couple of weeks.”
Elsie ignored Drake’s comment. “So how are we going to get you a final feed?”
“You know I can find a victim very quickly.”
Elsie looked over. “It’s amazing how fast you put her under your spell. I know that’s not the proper wording but it seems so appropriate. You absolutely mesmerized her in a matter of seconds.”
“You have the same skill, you just choose not to use it.”
“We all have the same skill, but it’s very hard work. It’s not a natural thing. It’s so much easier just to drug our victims. And no matter how much practice and effort I put into it, I could never do it so effectively and easily as you can-it’s really quite amazing to watch.”
“And that’s it, you and every other Vampire have inherited this ability but you choose not to hone it because it’s too much work and you don’t need to. I, on the other hand, needed this skill to survive and it has served me well and it has become easy for me to brandish it.”
“My father says that studies on the aliens from the planet where you are going are susceptible to this, so feeding there shouldn’t be too much different than here. But, you could just drug them…they are vulnerable to our venom as well.”
Drake smiled. “But it’s not as much fun.”
***
A few miles away Genn and Lang drove around aimlessly, hoping to spot Elsie’s car.
“I have a feeling they won’t be going back to the hotel again,” Lang said. “They’re up to something. I can sense it.”
“Like you sensed the danger back there?”
“This is different. It all makes no logical sense at all. They’re up to something and it’s driving me crazy not being able to figure out what!”
“Maybe we should visit old Fleck again,” Genn suggested. “He indicated that there was some sort of a plan hatched that would stop the murders. Remember when Elsie went missing for a bunch of days down at the base?”
“Yes…I remember. And that was just before Elsie and Drake came back up to the dome. Good idea, Genn,” Lang said, then placed a phone call.

Fleck was in his office at the space station doing his best to try to stay calm when his phone rang. The call display didn’t help him to identify the caller and he felt compelled to pick it up. “Fleck here.”
“Hello, Mr. Fleck, Detective Lang calling.”
Fleck’s gut tightened and his heart felt like it skipped a beat.
“Oh, hello Detective Lang, how are you?” Fleck wished he had never picked up the phone.
“I was wondering if we could come to see you and ask a few questions?”
Fleck’s heart felt like it may burst out of his chest and he did his best to compose himself. “I’m sorry, I’m at work today.”
“We could come during your break. It’s quite important.”
Fleck could feel his body break into a sweat. “No, I’m sorry, I can’t today. Don’t you read the news? Today is launch day. I’m way too busy.”
“Oh, is that today? I’m sorry…there is so much other stuff happening that seems far more important. The space program is the last thing on our minds. How about after work?”
“My work schedule during these times is quite busy. Why don’t you call me at home on the weekend and we can set up a time, but today is definitely out of the question.”
“All right, Mr. Fleck, I’ll try to keep the Empire from tumbling to the ground until you’re ready. Sorry to bother you.”
“Good bye, Detective.”
Lang disconnected. “He’s not available today. Apparently it’s launch day.” Lang rolled her eyes and leaned back in her seat.
While she looked up at the ceiling of the car her eyes lit up with a thought. She looked over at Genn who had obviously had something just occur to him.
“That’s it, Genn!”
Genn’s eyes were as wide as Lang’s were.
Lang’s thoughts spilled, “That’s why they didn’t seem at all concerned about us taking Ulah into custody tomorrow…he won’t be here to take into custody! It all makes sense now, Genn. That’s why they left the base. Somehow they talked Ulah into leaving the planet. I wonder if the two women that love him teamed up for the first time in their lives, and convinced him that this was a good idea.”
“But how can they possibly pull something like this off? It’s so risky,” Genn said.
“I don’t know the extent of Fleck’s access to the vessel. But if security at the space station is anything like the security at our base transfer stations, coupled with having an influential contact within…I’d say it is definitely achievable. I’d bet a pint of god’s crimson nectar that Elsie and Ulah are on the way to the space station. Is there an express lift to the top floor of the dome around here?”
“Just over by 33rd and Glenn there’s a transfer station. It’ll go all the way to the top for sure, it’s a main station,” Genn explained as he quickly reversed direction.
The ring of Genn’s phone interrupted the revelation. Genn snatched his phone. “Now what,” he sounded exasperated. “Genn here.”
His face contorted. “What?”
Lang looked over.
Genn disconnected. “The missing male supervisor’s body was just found, right out in the open. You’ll never guess who’s DNA was on the wound.”
“Not Ulah’s, again?”
Genn shook his head. “Elsie Fleck’s.”
Lang quickly rebounded from the shock. “Of course- she was missing for over a week with no opportunity to feed. That bastard left her no choice but to become a murderer, or perish. He instructed his people to hang onto the body until the time was right. Any time prior would have given us the opportunity to arrest Elsie and ruin Ulah’s chance for escape…we would have them both. But he waited until they were just out of reach. He may have cut it too close though Genn…we’ve got to make that lift!”
“We’ll be there in 10 minutes.”
***
Elsie was ushered into the lift and she lined up behind the other vehicles. “Damn that big oaf detective-now I have to figure out a way to get you fed!”
“I’m not too worried about it, I can usually find a victim and bleed them out pretty fast. And if I can’t…I just don’t go. It doesn’t really matter now. The rebellion is in full swing and Megan is safe and my child will grow up to a ripe old age.”
“The rebellion cannot be a success, and the only one who may be still alive when you return is your child. I promise that I’ll watch out for he or she, buy it as blood stock when it reaches maturity, and keep it until you return or it dies of old age. How’s that for a deal.”
“We have strongly differing opinions on the future,” Drake responded.
She and Drake exited the cargo area, emerging into a comfortable lounge and restaurant area. They sat down and Drake immediately started eying up the beautiful Vampire women.
Elsie caught his roving eye and her brow tightened. “Not here, you idiot. The body is sure to be discovered before we get to the top and the entire lift will be under lockdown. You’ll have to wait until we get there.”
Drake nodded but continued to look.

Genn wheeled into the transfer station and he and Lang rushed to administration. They flashed their badges.
“How long until departure?” Genn asked.
The woman behind the counter looked at her watch. “Approximately 2 minutes.”
“Is it possible to hold the lift?”
“This is a police matter, right?” the woman asked.
“Of course it is, and we need to see your reservation list.”
“Do you want me to get in touch with my supervisor?”
“Yes, please,” Lang said as she dialed her phone.
“Are you calling the Captain?” Genn asked.
“Yes, he’s got to see the light with this new information on Elsie.”
The woman clerk beckoned the detectives over to a computer screen while she was on the phone to her supervisor. They scrolled through the list of passenger names and stopped at Elsie’s name.
“Elsie Fleck, one vehicle and one passenger. Ulah, I’d wager,” Lang said, her attention suddenly veering to her placed call. “Captain, it’s Lang, we have some new developments that blow the case wide open.”
The woman clerk hung up her phone. “The Operation Supervisor says we can delay for a few minutes and squeeze you onto the lift if it’s an important matter.”
Genn looked relieved. “Oh, it’s of vital importance.”
***
Elsie looked at her watch for the 3rd time in the last minute. “What the bloodless hell is taking so long? Can’t these people ever stick to a schedule? Excuse me!” Elsie spoke sharply to a staff member. “What’s the holdup? Why haven’t we departed, yet?”
“I’m not sure, madam, I just work in the kitchen.”
Drake laughed. “Relax, Elsie.”
“Easy for you to say…your life and career aren’t on the line, mine are.”
“Then drop the whole thing and we can both just go our separate ways. I’m okay with that. I don’t really care if I go or not.”
Elsie rolled her eyes and composed herself. “You have to go. Megan wanted it and you agreed to it. Remember?” It cut Elsie to the heart to have to use Drake’s love for Megan as her most potent argument to keep him to his word. “And although Megan won’t be here any longer when you return, she will be allowed to give birth and you may be able to save your child. Then you can watch it mature, age and die.”
“You’re always filled with so much cheer for the human race, and you seem to be assuming that the rebellion won’t be a success.”
“Oh, it won’t be. Don’t pin your hopes on that one, Drake. Life has been the same here for over one-thousand years and it’ll be the same for the next thousand. And hopefully, god’s lifeblood willing, we can spend the majority of the next one-thousand years together.”
“That is the last thing I want to think about right now, Elsie. Spending 1,000 years with you sounds like what you call, a ‘bloodless hell.’”
“Oh, you joke about it now, but time heals all wounds, and we have nothing but time on our hands. You’ll learn, Drake, that as a Vampire you have the luxury of being patient. It’s kind of comforting to know you have time on your side.”
Drake broke his attention away from the frustrating conversation. He felt the pangs of hunger, but nothing close to the twitching stage, yet. This was a comfortable stage, when Drake knew that a meal was at hand and could drive and peak his hunger to insatiable levels, and then, feed…it was an amazing feeling. He wondered if feeding on the new planet would provide the same nourishment and pleasure that he was used to.
“What does my food source look like on this new planet?” he asked.
“It’s this disgusting, wart-hog thing, with 8 powerful legs that can rip a man to shreds. You’ll have to figure out a way trap them and drug them before you feed off their leathery hides.”
Drake looked over. “I do hope you’re kidding, although I didn’t have much of a better picture in my mind. Give it to me straight up.” Drake winced.
Elsie smiled. “Well, they’re not that bad according to my dad. I mean they live in poverty by our standards and that’s because they lack the intelligence to use the raw materials their planet offers. But they’re not entirely ugly my father says. But out of all the creatures on this planet, and apparently there are thousands of them, this is the only species that offers the required DNA makeup that you will require to extend your life, indefinitely. That’s why our Government is putting so much time and money into studying this planet and this race in particular. One last feed will hold you until you get there, but you’ll need to seek out your first kill as soon as you arrive. It’s a collection trip so they’ll touch-down in a rural area and pick up a curious observer. It works every time my Dad says. ”
“Are they wild beasts or civilized to some degree?”
“Not wild, no…but challenged in terms of comfortable living.”
Drake frowned. “That really tells me nothing. Can they communicate with each other verbally?”
“Yes, apparently they use a spoken communication and my father will provide a book of sounds and translations to our sounds, or something like that.” Elsie glanced at her watch and shook her head.
Drake gestured towards a pretty, dark haired woman collecting a tray and silverware, then waiting in the cafeteria lineup. “What about her. I could lure her to the cargo deck, find a secluded spot and that chore will be over with.”
Elsie looked at her watch and fidgeted. “Not until we reach the top, I told you!”
Drake slumped a bit and looked disappointed. “What if it takes hours to fix whatever the problem is?”
“We’ll cross that bridge if we come to it, and it better not, or you’ll miss your ride to safety. Damn it to hell, what is taking so long!”
***
Genn was ushered to a small area reserved for emergency vehicles while Lang was on the phone with their superior officer.
“I’m sorry, Lang, there’s nothing we can do until we get a formal warrant for Miss Fleck’s arrest. That will take at least 4 to 6 hours. Once we have the warrant, we will make the arrest…not ‘til then.”
“What about the space shuttle?”
“Look Detective Lang, personally, I believe you are on the right track. You and Detective Genn are doing an amazing job considering the complexity of the case but, we have to work on certainties and sticking to the letter of the law. You know that. There is absolutely no way I can get authorization to delay a space shot with no concrete evidence. I’m sorry, Lang.”
Lang could hear the revving of the engines as the lift prepared for liftoff. “Okay, thanks Captain.”
Genn could tell by the look on his partner’s face that things hadn’t gone in their favor.
“At least we made the lift-that’s the main thing. What about access to the space station?” Genn asked.
“He’s going to work on that, but we’ll need special authorization from a superior at the station before we are allowed ‘limited access.’ For the love of crimson, nothing is easy about this case is it, Genn?”
Genn shook his head. “It’s been a challenge, that’s for sure. But I feel we’ve done a pretty good job, all things considered.”
They left their vehicle and made their way to the lounge area.
“At least now I can have a little conversation with that conniving, murdering, bitch.”
“Not without me there, you can’t.”
Lang smiled over at her partner. “They won’t trick me again, Genn.”
***
Elsie was relieved when she finally heard the lift motors amping up.
Drake lazily watched the lovely Vampire women and felt his hunger intensify. He squinted slightly and then chuckled. “Guess who’s here. That’s probably why the lift was delayed.”
Elsie’s heart jumped.
Lang strode over assertively with her watchdog close behind. “Why, Elsie, Mr. Drake, what a surprise to see you on this lift. Got a deadline to meet?”
Elsie managed a weak smile. “No, just visiting my Dad at work, not that it’s any of your business.”
Lang bristled but composed herself. “Well, Miss Fleck, it is Empire business, which makes it our business. Not that you have any interest in what’s best for the Empire. Interestingly enough though, we have just recently been handed some damning information thanks to one of your close friends.” Lang glanced over at Drake but looked away immediately, feeling the instant tug of attraction that she knew was so dangerous.
Standing as large and imposing as he could, Genn stepped forward and glared at Drake.
“A male supervisor’s body was just found at the base. His corpse is several days old; apparently planted at a strategic time.” Again she glanced at Drake with a stern expression, this time lingering on those hypnotic brown eyes. She forced herself to look away. “And guess who’s DNA we found on the murder wound?”
Elsie shrugged, keeping a cool expression but feeling her insides churn. “I’m sure I don’t know.”
“Yours, Miss Fleck.” Lang felt satisfaction of finally having some solid evidence.
Elsie squirmed in her seat. “There must be some kind of mistake. I’m not a murderer.”
“Well, the evidence says otherwise and in a few hours we’ll be coming for you with an arrest warrant. And that reminds me, Mr. Drake, did you happen to bring your identification with you today?”
Drake just shrugged.
“I thought not. So hopefully we’ll be coming for you shortly after.”
“I always look forward to seeing you, Detective Lang,” Drake said in his best manipulative tone.
Lang felt Genn’s comforting presence and used it as an excuse to linger on that captivating face. A sharp tug of reproach snapped her out of her indulgence and Genn glared at both his partner and the man he wanted to kill.
Lang quickly regained her composure. “I have a feeling there may be one more murder for us to attend before all is said and done considering your last plan was spoiled,” Lang said.
“I have no idea what you are implying, Detective, and I assure you that all I ever do is for the good of the Empire. Now, if your business with us is concluded, could you please stop bothering us.”
Lang’s anger seethed, “I’m going to take great pleasure in arresting you and seeing you go to trial for your crimes against Vampires and the Empire…if there is an Empire left to defend, thanks to your extreme selfishness.”
Lang wheeled and walked away. Genn hesitated momentarily in order to glare one more time at the man he hated so much.
Elsie glowered at Drake. “Thanks for complicating things so much for me.”
Drake shrugged. “You had to nourish yourself, didn’t you? I certainly couldn’t provide you with a human feed and I couldn’t watch you starve.”
Elsie folded her arms in a sulk and Drake smiled.

Chapter 21
The Final Feed
After departing the lift Elsie sped to the space center.
“Lucky there’s not too much traffic yet; we can’t be late. And, we still have to get you fed,” Elsie fumed.
“Yes, let’s not forget that very important requirement.”
“It will have to be at the space center and I will have to leave it totally to you. My dad won’t be happy about it but I don’t see another way.”
Elsie showed her credentials to security and quickly passed through. It was early enough that there was still plenty of parking.
“Doesn’t look too busy in here yet,” Elsie said as they walked down a hallway towards her father’s office.
He was there and visibly nervous. “It’s about time you got here. What happened?”
“The lift was delayed. And Drake hasn’t had his last feed yet.”
“He won’t survive the trip without a final feed, and he can’t feed now…it’s too late. We’ll have to abandon the plan.”
“This is happening today,” Elsie growled. “There is too much at stake. Drake can find someone here.”
“You’re not serious. Let’s just lead the authorities right to our doorstep.”
“Well, they’re actually already at our doorstep-they followed us up. And something else, Dad. They’re going to come and arrest me for murder once they have a warrant. Drake forced me to feed while I was being held captive at the base.”
Fleck rolled his head. “Oh, that’s just great, the worst serial murderer in Empire history gets away and you get arrested. It’s fitting actually, it really is.”
“Anyway, we’ll deal with that when the time comes. I’m sure we can beat it due to extenuating circumstances. I’ll just say that I was kidnapped by the fugitive murderer while I was attending to my job while visiting the base and he forced me to feed. The evidence will support my claim. They’ll have a record of my feeding schedule alarm warning me to return to the dome to feed. Even if they have to give me a token number of years in prison as punishment it’ll be worth it. Our main focus right now is getting Drake off the planet. I’ll need to borrow your master key for less than an hour.”
“What for? No wait, I don’t even want to know.” Fleck paced frantically, his mind spinning, confused and panicked. “I can’t believe I let you get me involved in your crazy schemes.” He glared at Drake. “And they’re all because of, you!”
Drake took a chair as far away from the battle zone as possible. “Hey, not my doing, boss…remember? I’d have been somebody’s lunch a long time ago if it wasn’t for Elsie’s meddling.”
“He’s right you know. Your obsession has possibly led to the demise of our race. I should stow away instead of Drake. Why should he be the one Vampire that survives your selfish desires?”
Elsie looked annoyed. “Why do you keep harping on that ridiculous assumption? You know as well as I do that humans couldn’t possibly outsmart Vampires. Now let’s look at this logically. Drake needs to survive for the better of our race…he is brilliant and you know it.”
Fleck glanced at Drake who shrugged off the compliment.
“He needs a final feed and when you think about it, the only two people that are going to connect the dots are Lang and that big oaf detective. And they don’t have enough real evidence to convince their superiors about their theory. And as soon as Drake is gone, the murders will stop and everyone will be happy and relieved. I need you to pull yourself together, Dad.”
Elsie could tell from her father’s slouch of surrender that action was imminent; she had manipulated him many times in their 200 years as blood kin.
“Crimson drought, Elsie, why do you put me through this. One victim will have to be enough.”
“As long as she’s a plump one,” Drake quipped.
“Bloodless hell, we’re planning a murder here, have a little respect.”
Drake’s eyes narrowed and Fleck had to look away.
“The kitchen would be the best area. The baking staff comes in early. But you must be cautious, early discovery of the body would jeopardize our plans and put us all at risk. Do you understand?” Fleck asked.
“I don’t care what succulent morsel of Vampire beauty I feed from…as long as I get fed.” Drake stood up.
Fleck opened his desk drawer and snatched-up a set of keys. “There should be a janitorial room close to the kitchen where you can lure your victim.” Fleck shook his head in disgust. “The cleaning staff have already gone home.”
“You need to be back in my office in no more than 1 1/2 hours or it will be too late to get you stowed away and the plan will definitely be abandoned.”
Taking the keys Elsie led the way out of her father’s office, with a hungry Vampire close behind.
A few floors down the delicious smell of baking came wafting down the hallway.
“Here is the janitorial room dad mentioned, and here is a master key.”
Drake motioned to the closed door. “Let’s check out the room first.”
Feeling comfortable and confident Elsie inserted the key into the lock. She had no doubt Drake could lure a woman into the room and feed with plenty of time to spare…she had seen him in action. She opened the door and a light immediately shone from above. A kind of a musty, lemony, chemical smell greeted them.
The small room seemed bigger than it was, due to its organization. The cleaning and buffing machines were lined up neatly for easy access. Mops and buckets were hung and stacked tidily, containers of cleaning supplies categorized on the shelves.
Elsie looked up and down the empty hallway and closed the door. She scanned the room distastefully. “Sorry it’s such a grim spot; but honestly, we’re lucky to get it.”
Drake looked upward and squinted. “Not the most sensual of settings but I guess I can make it work.”
Drake looked directly at Elsie. “Maybe you should join me in a couple kill…you like those. Remember the one we shared a few months ago. It seems like a lifetime ago.” He fought to hide his revulsion.
Elsie looked over and smiled. “What are you up to? You want to make me an accomplice to murder? Is that it?”
“You’re already considered a murderer. This would just be a parting gift for you, for getting me hooked up with a ride to safety,” Drake’s voice was deep and smooth, his eyes seductive. “I could lure two in a row in here-until we’re both satisfied. Only my DNA would be on the victims. You could latch onto me.”
Elsie hesitated. “Ooh, you’re so bad to tempt me like that.”
Drake smiled, “They were sensuous, though, weren’t they?” he spoke softly.
“Yes, we had some good times in the beginning. I really did enjoy those moments together.”
Elsie’s passion took over, as a gentle silky draping of serenity made her muscles and mind, relax. She smiled and allowed her mind to wander back. She longed for those times again…to be closer than ever to Drake. His eyes and gentle expression relaxed Elsie and she felt the need to be held. That face that she had fallen in love with, years ago fascinated her. The feeling of excitement escalated with every inch Drake drew nearer. She wanted to give herself completely, until the distant thought of treachery crept slowly into her limited consciousness. Elsie’s mind fought to regain control, so carelessly lost. But her mind wanted this…more than anything at this moment. An internal battle waged inside of Elsie and she lifted her chin slightly. She could feel Drake’s hot breath on her neck and she raised her head with a sigh.
Drake moved in with a multitude of emotions. But all that really mattered was, another Vampire was gone and he was fed. Mission accomplished. He dragged Elsie’s corpse behind the line of machines and listened for footsteps before exiting the janitor’s room.
Drake took his time before going back to Fleck’s office. He sat in the cafeteria and sipped a coffee watching all of the pretty Vampire women bustling about getting the baking ready for the morning crowd. A cloud of depression descended on him as his thoughts wandered to Megan, and his impending trip. Starting a new life in a new world was a daunting thought.
Drake waited until Fleck’s time limit was 1 minute past, and showed up in his office. He found Fleck pacing.
“It’s about time. We have about an hour to get you stowed away before the morning shifts starts. What took so long? Never mind, I don’t want to know.” Fleck’s brow puckered. “Where’s Elsie?”
“It took a while to find a victim; right up to the deadline pretty much. I had to sprint to be back in time. Elsie stayed behind to conceal the body. She should be back soon if you want to wait.”
Fleck shook his head. “There’s no time-I’ll see her later. Here, put these on.” Fleck passed Drake a white shop coat with a space center security card hanging on the breast pocket. Drake looked at the picture and memorized the name. The subject’s picture resembled Drake, but if scrutinized, it could be questioned.
Fleck fidgeted and stood at the door as Drake adjusted the sizing on his hard hat which was stamped at the front with the space center logo.
“Come on let’s go. You can adjust that on the way,” Fleck barked.
Drake smiled and calmly placed the sized hat on his head. “How do I look?”
“Like the worst nightmare the Empire has ever experienced.”
Drake smiled. “You always know just what to say the cheer me up.”
“Come on,” Fleck said in an exasperated tone.
“Just let me do all the talking. It’s not likely anyone will even ask what we’re doing. They all recognize me so there won’t be any suspicion. And quite frankly, nothing like this has ever happened or even occurred to any one as a possibility, so everything is pretty loose around here.”
The halls were still empty as Fleck led Drake to the launch room. Fleck nodded to the few security guards at their posts as they passed. A lift took them to the very top of the dome and opened on the launch room. Drake tried to hide his amazement when he saw the ship. The security guard glanced at their I.D. as more of a formality than an actual fear of intruder check. He recognized Fleck.
“Good morning,” Fleck said. “I just wanted to get an inspector in here early, before all of the rushing around begins. He may be a couple of hours. I’ll show him the way and then leave him on his own.”
“No problem,” security replied.
Drake’s head swiveled and craned as he marveled at the ship. He had seen videos of launches before, but seeing a space ship this close was even more impressive. An open doorway beckoned and they stepped into the space-craft. The first thing that caught Drake’s eye once inside the small passenger compartment was bowls of gem stones and gold coins.
Fleck walked over to a small closet door. “This is where you hide until after liftoff. This area has nothing to do with controlling the ship, so it’s unlikely anyone will even come in here except to double check that the food was brought on board. We had an instance when it was forgotten and all we got back from the planet was two corpses. What a waste of a trip. I’ve added a temporary lock on the inside, just in case.”
“So, the creatures from this planet just wander on board and then they’re trapped?”
Fleck smiled. “Like flies on a spider’s web. They just can’t resist the riches that tempt them from within.”
Removing a thick envelope that had been on his clipboard, Fleck passed it to Drake. “Here is a manual on these people and their language. There are many different languages on this planet and they are quite spread out. So if you decide or have the necessity to seek out a new food source, you will have to learn their language as well. Also included is a history of the people of the area, their society and political intrigue. I have put enough gold and gems in a satchel in the storage area to let you live comfortably for a century or so, but you will need to try build your money through commerce to ensure your financial status. These beings are class driven and prejudiced. Feeding from the lower classes should be fairly easy as long as you’re not caught, red fanged, you should be able to operate in a clandestine manner. They have no forensics so there is no way for them to tie you to any killings. And money will buy you out of a tight jam should you encounter it.”
“Wow, they sound very enlightened. I had no idea they were so civilized. Elsie didn’t offer me too much information on them.”
“Elsie doesn’t have too much interest in anything that doesn’t benefit her directly. Although, I guess this does, now.”
“Yeah, now she’ll be reading up on all the information available,” Drake chuckled.
“I doubt that,” Fleck said.
“Well, you’re on your own, Ulah. I wash my hands of the whole episode and deny any knowledge of Elsie’s schemes. I would shake your hand, but I don’t respect you enough for that. Good bye…I hope you rot in hell.”
“Where all nice little Vampires end up. All life ends, eventually. Remember that Fleck.”
***
Fleck walked back to his office and waited for Elsie to show up. He paced and nervously looked at his watch. “Damn you and your stubbornness,” Fleck swore under his breath. I’ll have to deal with you later, he thought, as he left his office. I have to get your precious cargo off the planet, safe, while the rest of the noble Vampire race face the threat of a revolution and death.
Fleck had never before felt nervous about a launch and he prayed it went off without any malfunctions. He breathed a sigh of relief when all had gone smoothly. He also worried about the dead body that would soon be discovered. Walking back to his office, Fleck shook his head at the selfishness of his daughter, and how he could have possibly gone along with her crazy scheme. Turning to walk into his office, Fleck stopped suddenly at the threshold.
“Detectives,” he said and proceeded to his desk. “I thought I told you to call me on the weekend for an appointment. I’m much too busy to see you now. Haven’t you heard? Today is launch day and I still have post launch work to do.”
Lang shifted in her chair. “Yes we know full well about the launch today, and we suspect there may be some unregistered cargo aboard. What do you think, Mr. Fleck?”
Fleck shifted nervously, and diverted his attention to some paperwork on his desk. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. Please leave me to my work.”
“You know, your daughter tried to make me Ulah’s last meal before his long trip. And, if it wasn’t for my partner…I wouldn’t be here right now. Just where is the lovely lady who has singlehandedly destroyed our entire race. And who did she eventually sacrifice to that killer as his final victim?”
Fleck suddenly sat bolt upright. “Oh, shit!” He abruptly got up and ran to the door and down the hallway. Genn and Lang scrambled to their feet and sprinted to catch up.
“What’s going on?” Genn asked as they all ran to the stairway.
“I’m not sure, but I think Fleck is worried about Elsie.”
Genn thought for a moment. “Bloodless bones, could you imagine,” Genn managed to speak in between gasps for air as they all bounded down the stairs.
Fleck burst into a hallway, his breath deep and frenzied
He sprinted to the janitorial room and used his pass key to enter. While the detectives caught their breaths at the door, Fleck frantically searched the room. The detectives had just begun to move into the room when they heard an anguished father’s cry. Fleck dropped to the spot and felt for a pulse, but Elsie was cold and her body drained.

Chapter 22
The New World
Boring day after boring day passed and Drake could feel his hunger building. He used the drudgery of study to take his mind off of his hunger as the trip neared completion. He took great care in concentrating his studies on learning the language of the people and the history of the area. It was quite revealing and the people seemed very intelligent. He felt excited but nervous as the ship landed in a predetermined area. Stepping out of the vessel the world looked enormous, the grey sky was so vast. The natural light was foreign to Drake and he shielded his eyes. No one had thought to warn him of the pain he would experience during the daylight hours on this planet. The bag of gold and books felt lighter than he thought it would. Fleck had told him that this planet was smaller than their own, so the gravitational pull was not as strong. What a difference it made, Drake felt light and strong…and hungry. He would need to feed, soon. Walking across a meadow Drake heard excited voices.
“It’s over here, I tell you. I saw it come down,” a deep voice bellowed and Drake recognized the language immediately.
“Don’t get too close. It could be some sort of Ottoman trick,” another voice, sharper than the first cut through the cold misty air.
“Look, someone is moving. Halt! Who goes there!” the deep voice roared.
“Damn,” Drake muttered and he ran for the woods.
“Stop, you!”
Jingling chain mail and the dull clunk of weapons on armor slowed the guards but the commotion attracted two other pairs of roving guards and they surrounded Drake with weapons at the ready.
“Stand fast or as sure as Christ, I’ll impale you!”
The wooden spears they wielded were tipped with a long, slender, steel dagger for quick thrusting and retrieval from a foe’s body. Drake’s heart was racing. He decided to stand still.
“I have no weapons and I will do as you ask ,” Drake promised and the sentries relaxed slightly.
“You speak our language but, you are obviously a foreigner,” the soldier looked Drake up and down as he straightened his battle helmet. “You’re obviously a spy…but from where? That is the question.”
“What about the big thing that we saw come down back there. Is it a weapon?” a different guard spoke from behind Drake this time.
“I don’t know anything about it. I was passing by, just like you when it came down right in my path. So I swerved around it and started to run.”
“What’s in your tote?”
“Personal items. I’m a travelling Boyar from Moldavia, that’s why I speak Daco-Romanian with an accent. I just felt like getting away and travelling the earth. I ask of nothing and mean no harm. I just ask to be left alone to continue my travels.”
“Where’s your horse?”
“I travel on foot.”
“Now I know you’re lying. No Boyar I’ve ever known travels by foot.” He tossed his spear behind him. “Skewer him if he makes a move,” he said as he moved cautiously towards Drake. “Throw your pack on the ground.”
The contents of the large duffel bag thudded with a jingle when it hit the ground and every one’s eyes got bigger and focused on the sack.
The guard labored to lift it. He decided to leave it on the ground and kneeled to peek inside. His frustration at not being able to open it was apparent. “Open it!” he barked.
Drake unzipped it and the guard’s jaws dropped. Opening the bag revealed a small treasure. The multicolored gems peeked out from a bed of shining gold. Drake noticed the various astounded expressions.
“Well, you must be a Boyar to be travelling with so many riches. Do you not fear thieves as you travel?”
“I deal with situations as they arise,” Drake answered.
“But you carry no weapons…not even a dagger?”
“No. I am unarmed.”
“Hmm. The Prince will want to ask you some questions, but first we must investigate the floating device that coincidentally arrived the same time as you. Pick up your bag and come with us.”
The guard took note of how easily Drake hefted his bag of gold and jewels.
Drake was led by spear-tip to the landing site. The closer they got the slower the guards walked and the more wary they became. The door of the capsule was still open with a light shining from within.
“Watch him closely,” the superior of the group instructed as he inched closer to the door.
The gold and jewels caught his eye immediately.
“So, what do you make of that, Boyar? The gold and jewels in there bear a strong resemblance to the ones in your bag.”
The other guards craned their necks to get a look inside.
One of the sentries wheeled around. “We should compare the cut and stamp on the coins to see if they match the ones in his tote.”
“Good idea, Sigis-fetch one and one only. And also bring one clear stone to compare. The ones in the Boyar’s bag are unusually large.”
The soldiers had never seen such incredible riches before.
Turning and walking cautiously towards the capsule, the guard’s eyes shone with excitement. Drake knew that momentarily the man would be caught, and on his way to his eventual demise on a foreign planet. Damn, I wish I had gotten away in time, Drake thought to himself.
Entering the vessel with his eyes fixed entirely on the treasure, the sentry took but two steps inside and the door slid shut. The remaining guards rushed the vessel. They poked, pried and smashed at the door to no avail but gasped and backed away as the ship began to rise off the ground.
“It’s witchcraft!”
They watched as the ship slowly rose into the misty morning air and then disappear into the grey sky.
Drake’s heart was pounding fast.
“What in a whore’s-heart was that?” one of the guards said positioning his lance in a more defensive stature.
The other guards stepped back as well, confusion in their eyes.
The lead guard spun to face Drake. “I never did like Sigis anyway…he was a pain in the ass. But you, my dear Boyar, are very interesting and I know my master would be very interested to meet you.” He paused as he looked over to his shoulder at his men. “Just remember, we still have the upper hand.”
“Who is your master?”
“Vlad Dracula, the Prince of Walachia. Come.”
Drake fleetingly noticed the similarity between his own name and the Prince’s, but his bigger concern was-how was he going to get out of this one.
The armed guard led Drake towards the city of Targoviste. Every man in the group was nervous and scared.
“My master will be very interested to see you. Maybe you’ve heard of him?”
Drake had read about the history of the area. It was a rich, fertile piece of territory held now by Catholic interests, but the powerful Ottomans were always trying to take the area by force to expand their ever growing realm. The desire for wealth and status drove this race to constant violence.
“I believe you said his name was Dracula, also known as The Impaler Lord by his enemies. Yes I know of him.”
The guard smiled. “Then you know his reputation. What is your name, Boyar?”
Drake hesitated, “My name is very similar to that of your master, coincidentally. My given name is Drake, and my family name is Ulah.”
The guard put the 2 together. “You are not related in some way to the Dracula family?”
“Maybe in some very distant way,” Drake lied, hoping to gain some favor. “I do respect your master’s approach to his enemies and his demand for allegiance.”
“That’s a good start, Boyar. The Prince loves to be admired. Stick to it and it will serve you well. But that strange occurrence back there, and your presence will set off warning horns to the Prince, and he is very uneasy lately with so many wolves at his door. Witchcraft has not been a concern of his, until now. I don’t like your chances, Boyar.”
Drake swallowed and felt the pangs of hunger overshadow his fear.
Small houses showed up more frequently as they neared the city of Targoviste. The closer they got to the city, the more elaborate and large the houses became. Small mud shacks with thatched roofs made way for 2 and 3 story houses with flagstone walls at the bottom and making way for mud brick from eye level up topped with tile roofs. Curious people watched as the armed guard walked their strangely dressed prisoner towards the city center. The brightness of the clothing and the elaborate nature of the styles changed as well as the castle and city loomed in front of them. The women particularly caught Drake’s eye. They resembled humans back home and he was astounded with how beautiful some of them were, making him more aware of his growing hunger. Armed men roamed everywhere. Some on duty, some off, in various forms of armor. They swaggered around town with an air of superiority to them, and all but the best dressed people seemed to make way for them. The captain of Drake’s guard quickly passed them through all of the frequent check points, with the guards on duty suspiciously eyeing the captive Boyar. Long, confusing stone corridors guided the group to the main castle. Large stones set in mortar made up the walls of architecture that were primitive but sturdy. A wide moat was the last obstacle to the enemy but a welcoming drawbridge was down, allowing access to the inner courtyard. Soon they had gained access to the main hallway and messengers ran to bring news of the visitor to the master of the castle. As they waited, pretty young court girls came to gawk and giggle. Their dresses were long and colorful, of various fabric: some shiny, some glimmered with encrusted gems and some of plush comfort, but all very rich and elaborate. Many of the gowns, especially on the younger women, were low cut to the top of the cleavage much like the styles the Vampires favored. Drake’s fear for his own safety and his desire to feed were in conflict and it made for a very uncomfortable set of emotions for him. They didn’t have to wait long for the Prince of Walachia to arrive; obviously very curious to personally question his new guest. He arrived with the flourish of a ruler. Priests, an armed guard and many armed advisors accompanied him. The room filled with men and women at various stages of their lives. Drake had never seen so many old and weathered faces, but their eyes were bright and inquisitive even if their furrowed brow conveyed concern. The Prince stood looking down towards Drake. He was dressed in the richest of fabric accented with heavy gold buttons that glittered as he moved about the stage-a stage for him and him only. He was the supreme ruler of his kingdom and it was obvious that he relished his appointed position of power. His head-dress rose above his head with the feathers of a regal bird. A golden star centered with a huge ruby and surrounded by sparkling diamonds sat like an all seeing eye at the center of his forehead. Bright white pearls of various sizes also added another tier of richness to the prince’s favorite court hat.
The prince paced and turned his head to continue his stare with each change of direction. “Do know who I am?”
“You are the great warrior general and beloved defender of Walachia and Transylvania and I am honored to meet you Prince Dracula,” Drake said, and bowed.
The Prince continued to pace. His long freshly curled dark hair fell across his shoulders in ringlets. “Hmm. Do you know of my reputation?” he asked as he twisted his perfectly coiled moustache.
“Other than being beloved by your people?” Drake asked.
The Prince smirked. “Yes, other than that.”
“I just know that you do what you must in these volatile times to keep your people safe from the scourge of the Ottoman Empire.”
“My guards have told me that you are a travelling Boyar laden with riches, but something very strange and troubling happened at the same time that you were captured. Drop your bag,” the Prince demanded.
Drake held it out at arm’s length and dropped it on the tile floor. It landed with a thump and the unmistakable jingle of coinage.
“Bring it to me.”
One guard tried to do as his Prince had requested but found he needed to get help from another to carry it over.
“How is it the Boyar can lift his burden so easily and you two struggle to carry it?” the Prince said as he tested the bag’s weight. Looking at the guards, he raised his eyebrows at its heaviness and kneeled down to take a look inside. The coins rang out pleasantly as he ran his fingers through them and he pulled out a diamond the size of a plum.
“I have never seen such gems. Where did you get them from?”
“I am told they are from the deepest mines of far away Africa.” Drake struggled to recall all that he had memorized, in a situation that made concentration a difficult task.
“And what of my missing guard and the means by which he was conjured away?”
“I am as astounded as you by the strange occurrence, and assure you it is just a coincidence. I, and it, and your guards all passed by at the same time.”
“And my guards claim that we share the same name, how is it possible that I have never heard of you before? I know of all who have been honored and charged with the order of the Dragon to defend Christianity.”
“My name just resembles yours. I am but a humble businessman while you are a great ruler.”
“Hmm, you puzzle but interest me Boyar…if that’s what you are. I will discuss your fate with my advisors, but until that time, please accept the hospitality of my household while I detain you.”
The Prince left with the same display of supreme rule as that of his arrival.
The palace guard took over control of Drake from there and he was led up a long stone stairway. The stronghold had few windows which Drake was grateful for, and the darker areas were lit by torch and candle. The room that Drake was led to had a window and he quickly closed the heavy curtains with his eyes shielded from the offensive daylight. What am I going to do when this planet’s star is out with its full intensity? Drake thought, adding another worry to his plate.
The heavy wooden door thumped shut and the latch clanked into place. A large canopied bed with sturdy contoured bed posts centered the room. The furnishings and draperies were just as opulent here as everywhere else. Drake found a chair and calculated his options, but his ever increasing need to feed was clouding his thought process. His door clanked again and a young woman with long, dark hair entered with a plate of fruit and bread and cheese. She performed a shallow courtesy but never looked up. Drake stood and walked over to her. Her dress was far less elaborate than that of the court ladies but her warmth and beauty of frame were just as regal.
“Wine, master?”
“Yes, please,” Drake said, standing close enough to sense her warm blood.
He watched the young woman’s every movement; her hands slender and graceful performing their task. She finally lifted her gaze to pass the goblet and their eyes met. A crash of emotional excitement hit them both.
Suddenly Drake’s concern of being found out didn’t matter anymore. All that mattered was this beautiful alien creature before him and his need to feed.
Drake extended his hand but held her gaze. She felt his hand accept the goblet but didn’t let go herself. Drake took a step closer and still she held onto the wine.
“Thank you,” Drake said in his deepest richest tone. “The ladies of the court may have the drapings but you have a natural beauty that they can never possess.”
The servant girl felt her face flush. She reluctantly released the goblet. Lowering her hand slowly the servant girl’s gaze could not vacate those alluring eyes.
Could it be this easy, Drake thought to himself as he inched closer, finally breaking his gaze from her pretty face and looking down towards her smooth pink flesh. He knew it was going to be that easy when she willingly exposed her nape and Drake delicately stroked her warm flesh with his sensitive fangs. His first feed on the strange new world tasted sweet and instantly the rush of life preserving nutrients flooded his brain. The ecstasy of feeding was still the same.
Eventually the guard began to wonder about the servant and called for backup while he went in to check. He gasped and backed away out of the room. Soon more arrived and finally the lord of the castle himself. Drake sat in the corner sipping what he thought would be his last taste of wine as the Prince looked over the girl and her neck wounds.
“What have you done to her?” Prince Dracula asked in a calm tone.
Drake had stood up in a show of respect. “I have read that you are a man who uses violence and death to his needs. I also follow the same path. I would like to be honest with you, and right now, it seems like my only option. Do I have your permission to speak candidly and for your ears only?”
Prince Dracula thought for a moment. “Tie him to the bedpost and leave us alone.”
All eyes opened wide but only one spoke. It was the Prince’s closest advisor.
“But Prince, do think that is wise. We have no idea of the scope and reach of this devil. I don’t even like you being this close to him, with an armed guard present.”
Again the Prince paused to think. “No, Casimir, I think I will be safe with an unarmed man tied to a solid object.”
The room was emptied and The Prince took a seat. “So, Boyar, what is your real story?”
“I travel from farther than I have led you to believe. Where I come from we follow customs that aren’t really any more violent than yours, they are just different. I thought the woman was part of your gift of nourishment, along with the tray of food and drink. She being my preferred chalice.”
The Prince inched closer.
Drake continued, “You see I survive on the lifeblood of another and without it, I die.”
“You mean you refuse to eat real food and drink blood as a means of sustenance?”
“Where I come from food is of no use. The only way to survive is on blood.”
The Prince looked at the girl and chuckled. “Your story is ludicrous. And how did you extract the blood so cleanly. I see no sign of a struggle or of the blood bath you imply.”
“With my fangs.” Drake said matter of factly.
Prince Dracula’s face betrayed a multitude of thoughts ending with one of disgust. Finally he stood up and challenged Drake. “Prove it.”
Drake relaxed. He knew he had bought himself at least some time. He understood firsthand the type of man Prince Vlad Dracula III really was. As much as the Prince bragged that he was a protector of his people, Drake could see that he was just like a selfish Vampire; willing to sacrifice an innocent person’s life for their own personal gain.
“I just need another girl,” Drake said.
“Any preference?”
“Just pretty, like the last.”
The Prince looked down and grunted.
“Casimir!” he called.
His aid was there in an instant.
“Fetch me a pretty servant girl; preferably one without too much of a family. Oh, and keep all those who saw the state of this girl in a strict quarantine. And move this girl out of sight for the time being-we’ll have her removed later.”
Casimir dragged the corpse by the ankles behind a couch and covered her with a blanket, nodded, then turned to do his masters bidding.
“Why do you travel so far from home?” the Prince asked.
“I am an outcast-sent away until my people have rid themselves of all like me. You see, we have regular people where I come from, too. People who eat regular food and deserve the freedom to live their lives the way they want to live it.”
The Prince puckered his brow. “I am confused…and also, I find your story hard to believe. How is it that you are so strong? You obviously are much more powerful than any of my warriors.”
“Where I come from, things are much heavier than here, so I have had to adapt to that environment, but when I come here things are much lighter. It’s difficult to explain.”
“Your story sounds impossible, yet here you are and there she is.” The Prince gestured to the dead girl behind the couch.
“There are many things about me that are hard to accept, but I assure you that I am of no danger to you or your Empire. I just want to be left on my own to travel and live my life in freedom.”
“Well, right now you are in my Empire and I will let you know what your fate will be.”
Just then Casimir returned with a young blonde woman. “Sire, as you have requested.”
The Prince stood up and inspected the girl, her gaze never rising. He looked over to Drake who nodded his approval.
“That’s fine Casimir. Leave us.”
“Now what?” the Prince asked.
“Could I have some wine please?”
“Take him some wine. His cup is over there.” The Prince gestured as he shifted in his seat.
The woman did as she was told. “Should I freshen it up?” she asked the Prince, her vibrant blue eyes looking up finally.
Drake surprised them both by taking control at his point. “No, it’s fine just like that,” Drake said with a warm smile.
The girl waited uncomfortably for the Prince to explode at such brazenness, but his look softened and he nodded at her to proceed.
Drake could see the tension in the girl’s face and hoped he could break through her nervousness. His life depended on it. The girl was beautiful and genuine, and shy and almost human Drake realized. Elsie’s words suddenly shot through his head, “They’re not human, so don’t get all sentimental and refuse to feed.”
His ravenous hunger had already been satisfied so now he could rationalize better, and these aliens seemed so human. Drake quickly shifted his perilous thoughts directly on his desire to fulfill his mission, and this far overshadowed his sudden moral dilemma.
The girl approached Drake with the goblet and warily kept at arm’s reach away from the mysterious captive.
Drake’s smile was warm and genuine and his voice deep and gentle. “Thank you.” He had to lean far over to be able to reach it.
The girl looked up and made eye contact. She stepped back even as other emotions struck deep.
Drake sat back. “What’s your name?”
She looked over to the Prince.
He waved his hand. “Tell him your name.”
“Umm, Ilona?”
“Lovely name for a beautiful girl. Mine is Drake, and even though you see me as a tied captive, I assure you that I am an honored guest in the home of our fearless and just ruler. Isn’t that correct, Prince Dracula?”
The Prince looked annoyed and impatient. “Yes, yes. He’s safe; just give him whatever he asks for.”
“All I ask is for a little company, Ilona. Can you come closer?”
Ilona hesitated but did take a step closer, head down.
Drake frowned. She wasn’t going to be easy prey. The last one only needed eye contact and nothing more, but this one was resistant. Not good timing to encounter a stubborn victim, Drake thought. He glanced at the Prince and noted his impatient scowl which made Drake feel even more anxious. He noticed Ilona adjust her long modest dress so that the front of her red shoes showed a little better. They looked new.
“Wow, those shoes are beautiful. Are they new?”
Drake felt relieved when Ilona raised her gaze, and her expression had instantly changed from solemn, to lit up.
“Yes, I just got them yesterday,” Ilona’s tone was more lively. “They’re a little extravagant, but my mother said I deserve them because I’m on my feet all day.”
“They look very comfortable,” Drake said as he held her gaze, but she looked quickly away.
She has a family, Drake thought. A sudden feeling of guilt stabbed at him. Focus and be patient, he reminded himself, and he heard the Prince off to the side shift in his chair. Aliens…not human, he repeated within his swirling thoughts.
“I like the way they sparkle in the light, and they just stand out like rubies when you walk,” Drake said.
Ilona blushed and shifted her hem.
Drake laughed, “Now your cheeks match your shoes.”
She giggled and looked up.
The Prince this time shifted out of interest.
“Have you worked for the kind Prince for long?”
“For a year and a half now.” Ilona held Drake’s gaze this time.
“Well I’ll have to speak to the Prince about getting you a pay increase so you can buy more beautiful clothes. I picture you dressed in the finest linens and putting all the ladies of court to shame.”
Ilona was overwhelmed and looked down to hide her next blush.
Glancing over, Drake was pleased to see the Prince enjoying this, which gave Drake a little piece of mind to be able to relax a bit more.
“Could you bring me some grapes please, Ilona. My kind host has sent me some food, but with my hands tied, I am unable to enjoy it.”
Drake looked over at the Prince with an unsmiling and unrelenting expression which surprised the ruler; he was not used to such overt body language. But, Prince Dracula was an intelligent man, very interested in what was transpiring before his eyes, and he recognized Drake’s dilemma.
“Casimir!” he yelled.
The door opened and Casimir was by his Prince’s side.
“Untie the Boyar.”
Casimir hesitated, but the piercing look in his master’s eye commanded him to do his bidding without a word. He pulled out his jewel hilted court knife and with a quick and forceful tug, he cut Drake’s bindings. Drake rubbed his wrists and stood to his full height. The two men glared at each other for a moment, Casimir not accustomed to looking up to meet a man’s eye.
“That’s all Casimir. Just stay close to the door,” the Prince said quietly.
Ilona paused but caught Drake’s gaze which was warm and welcoming. She stepped forward with a bunch of grapes and held them out for Drake.
The Prince watched with extreme interest.
Drake waited, not reaching for the offered fruit. Ilona looked up, feeling the pull of the personality standing impressively before her.
Drake smiled and reached out his hand, his attention directly on Iona’s bright, blue eyes. He knew he had her, her gaze did not falter.
Reaching up with his other hand Drake gently tugged a grape from its stem and Iona’s attention went there. Drake’s hand and forearm looked strong yet his fingers held so delicately the fruit. It moved closer and she felt the cool smoothness of the grape on her lips. Closing her eyes, Ilona surrendered herself to whatever happened next. She uttered her last sounds with the feeling of Drake’s lips caressing along her exposed collar, and the final pin-prick that completed the feeling of utter relaxation.
Prince Dracula was fascinated and shifted to the edge of his seat. The servant girl’s barely audible sigh reached his ears and the Prince felt jealous. The view was hindered and he craned his neck to catch a glimpse. Drake’s head was buried and the servant girl looked enraptured. The Prince’s heart pounded in his chest like it did before battle.
Then Drake turned his head and smiled the most terrifying smile that The Prince had ever seen, a smile that would haunt him for the rest of his life. Drake recognized the look of horror, even from one with the reputation of ‘The Lord Impaler’ and he wiped his mouth clean of blood.
There he stood with the lifeless body of a beautiful young girl in his arms, drained of her lifeblood by this remarkable young man standing before him. The Prince was impressed, intrigued, and terrified.
He was on his feet now. “Casimir!”
Casimir burst into the room and stood, aghast.
“Casimir, triple the guard, clean up this room, and have all that have seen this…killed. That’s my order.” He turned to Drake. “Boyar…we will talk again; I have many questions for you.”
The Prince Of Wallachia, Vlad Dracula, paused and looked at the girl one last time, then at Drake. He shook his head and left the room with a shiver running up his spine still trying to process what he had just seen.

Chapter 23
A Legend is Created
The next day two important Turkish Ambassadors visited Prince Vlad Dracula in an attempt to get him to pay tribute and be accepted into the Ottoman Empire. But Prince Dracula had sworn to defend his homeland and he had no intention of joining forces with the Turks. He had wondered for weeks what he was going to do with the visiting envoys, and Drake’s performance inspired Vlad with a brilliant idea. The court was set with all the trimmings for visiting dignitaries. The Ottoman’s had sent envoys in the past, and every time, they purposely showed disrespect by not raising their hats to Vlad when he entered. This angered him, but he had always managed to keep his temper. Drake waited in the crowded main hall for The Prince to make his grand entrance. People shifted uncomfortably and the envoys grew impatient. Finally he arrived wearing riding boots and a modest red jacket. He feigned slight disinterest in the entire affair but kept a fleeting eye on the envoy’s manners. True to form the dignitaries tried to convey that they were peers of The Prince, and their hats remained on.
Vlad’s face tightened and he glanced over at Drake.
“How dare you show disrespect to me and my court by not removing your hats!” he bellowed.
Casimir and a group of guards moved in quickly and seized the Turks as prearranged.
“If you will not remove your hats for me, than you shall remove them for no one. They will take up permanent residence on your heads.”
Another guard moved in with a hammer in one hand and something clutched in the other. Once beside the struggling envoys the contents of his other hand was revealed as a half dozen 6 inch nails.
The envoys looked terrified. “You can’t do this! We came in good faith with a lucrative and fair proposition, and this is the way you treat us. Sultan Mehmed II will be furious with you and he commands an army of 75,000 troops and over 200 Danube war ships. You cannot hope to assemble an army of that size. Use your common sense.”
“I have allied with Matthias Cornivus, The King of Hungary. You see Pope Pius II has deep pockets this year and has granted us 40,00 gold coins; enough for us to fortify our army and our fleet…so you see, we will be able to do more than just defend. We will be able to drive you well past the Danube. You will send a message back to your precious Sultan…but not by word; just by presence. Proceed!” the Prince finished with a gesture to his men and sat down with a quick look over at Drake.
The envoys were forced to their knees and their turbans nailed to their heads. The assembly was shocked by the display but Vlad Dracula had made his multi-faceted statement.
“Deliver them to their Sultan,” the Prince said.
The Prince walked past Drake and smiled, and Drake nodded his reverence.

Prince Dracula was already a cruel man, but the arrival of, and his admiration of Drake took his depravity to a new, never before seen level. The Prince longed to be immortal and began to drink the blood of young women. Rumors flew and the Prince’s life was in jeopardy. Prince Dracula wanted to protect Drake so he sent him to his castle in Transylvania. As the years went by Prince Dracula was on and off the throne of Wallachia, eventually getting killed and beheaded by his enemies. His severed head, preserved in honey, was sent to Constantinople and with much fanfare, displayed on a stake as proof that the evil Prince Dracula was dead. While alive, the Prince had always sheltered and protected Drake; even to the point of providing Drake with young women. But sometimes, the Prince could not keep up with Drake’s appetite and the new Count of The Castle, Drake Ulah, had to go out in order to satisfy his hunger. Daylight was still a burden to Drake so he would prowl the taverns and towns of Transylvania during the evening hours looking for victims. Long after Prince Dracula’s death, rumors of the new Dracula grew. The rich Count Dracula, now residing in his own Transylvanian castle, became both revered for his riches and generosity but also the subject of gossip and trepidation. Soon the pressure was getting too intense, feeds were hard to come by and Count Dracula had to move on. So he sold his assets, packed his bags and looked for another feeding ground. As he moved, his legend grew. Where the Count has been and where he is today remains a mystery…perhaps still seeking out, ‘The Nectar of Eternal Life.’

