THE PHONE GUY TETRALOGY
By Romero

 Author's Notes
This book is based upon ideas and characters created by Scott Cawthon. This is a non-profit project and all credit goes to Scott Cawthon for the creation of these characters. This is me taking my own direction with these characters and trying to provide lore to the situations. Just to clear things up, Four Nights with Phone Guy is the first written but it doesn’t take place first. There are prequels in here that were written later. Thanks for reading.



Story One – Four Nights with Phone Guy 

Night 1
 
"Uh, check those cameras, and remember to close the doors only if absolutely necessary. Gotta conserve power. 
Alright, good night." Phone Guy said, as he ended the recording. He sat back in his chair with a phone in hand, that was attached to the left side of the wall, and was keeping his eyes on the computer monitors infront of watch the cameras. Phone Guy pulled out another audio recorder, this time it was a journal. "Journal Entry #6: Man, I haven't made one of these in a while. This new restaurant hasn't been open for too long, last time I was the Night Guard was when Jeremy had to leave due to his…incident. I really do miss the day shift, but oh well, at least it's my last week here." Phone Guy then checks the cameras and sees Bonnie near the restrooms. "I've been here far too long, and have viewed far too many things that I can't quite say or mention to anyone. This journal is for my ears only and to release this news to myself… Fazbear Entertainment is such a shady company, and I don't see why I keep coming back to this place." Phone Guy then gets out of the chair and walks over to the table to grab his drink, he takes a sip, grabs the soda and walks back to his chair with it in his hand. "Only a few more days left, just hopefully nothing happens to me like it did with Jeremy... poor kid." Phone Guy ends the recording as the clock reaches 6 AM. He grabs his jacket and walks out of the restaurant.

Night 2
 
"Journal Entry #7: Alright, so I made sure Mike got his message for the night. Hopefully the guy does well, he seems experienced enough to handle this sort-of thing." He checks the cameras again and the animatronics are in their normal places, and he quickly browses through the rest of the pizzeria. He then looks away from the computer monitor and sees Golden Freddy in the room. "Oh God! Crap!" He looks away at the computer monitors in a panic, and then look back. Golden Freddy vanished. "Jeez, I don't get how this stuff works sometimes but at least I'm not dead. Not even I understand why I'm stuck here at night. Is it to keep people out?…or to keep them in?" He then shines his flashlight in the doorway after hearing footsteps and sees Chica in the right hall. He quickly closes the door. "God, they're getting more and more aggressive. It's like they know I won't be here anymore after this week or something…do they want to make sure I don't leave?" Phone Guy ends the recording there. 6 AM rolls by once again, the animatronics are in their rightful places and Phone Guy grabs his jacket and soda and walks out of the pizzeria once again. He pulls his keys out of his jacket, unlocks his car, and opens the door. He then hears a loud noise, like a loud smash inside of the pizzeria. "What? What was that…?" He walks back to the pizzeria to check on what that was, and he sees nothing. "Huh… that's odd." Phone Guy says to himself. He walks back out to his car and drives off.

Night 3
 
"Journal Entry #8: They've been getting more and more violent… I don't know what's been going on with these guys, they haven't gotten this way for a long time." Phone Guy hears running going down the hall. "Crap, crap, crap!" Phone Guy quickly shuts the left hall door, then he hears noises in the other hall. Chica is there once again, he then shuts the right door. "What's going on with these guys? You know, I often like to compare these guys to children… they don't seem to understand stuff, but they know something's going on. Is it me leaving possibly?" He opens both doors as both Foxy and Chica are gone. Phone Guy sighs "Probably has something to do with the murders that took place here… all the shady stuff me and the rest of the staff had to cover up… this sort-of stuff isn't right, but I needed the money…" Phone Guy then sees a purple light flash in the halls. He immediately shuts the door. "W-w-what was that?! I've never seen that before! Are one of the robots malfunctioning?" He checks his watch and sees the time is 6 AM. He opens the door, and does his usual routine. He then stops by the managers office and writes a note saying "strange purple light coming from animatronics? Perhaps need repairs." Phone Guy then says "You know, something odd has been happening these past few nights…oh well, at least I only have 2 more days…" He then ends the recording and leaves.

Night 4
 
"Hello, hello? Hey! Hey, wow, day 4. I knew you could do it. Uh, hey, listen, I may not be around to send you a message tomorrow." He hears banging on both of the doors, and tries to remain calm while leaving the message. "It's-It's been a bad night here for me. Um, I-I'm kinda glad that I recorded my messages for you" Phone Guy clears his throat. "uh, when I did." Uh, hey, do me a favor." Banging gets louder and faster, door starts shaking violently. "Maybe sometime, uh, you could check inside those suits in the back room?" Banging on the door continues. "I'm gonna to try to hold out until someone checks. Maybe it won't be so bad." The banging on the door continues. Uh, I-I-I-I always wondered what was in all those empty heads back there." Power goes out and both doors open. "You know…" Phone Guy hears a moan. "oh, no-" He's then cut off, noises followed by an animatronic screech and static on the device. Phone Guy lays there, being pulled by Freddy. He tries to get free but Freddy has a strong grip on his legs. He's being pulled by Freddy to the backroom, where he'll be stuffed inside one of the suits. Phone Guy coughs up a little blood, and looks at his watch. "5:55..." He says, he thinks to himself that he's so close, maybe he'll make it. He's not going to come back tomorrow, he promises himself and he promises God. He then realizes that he still has his other audio recorder in his pocket, the one with his journals. "Final Journal…" Phone Guy coughs up more blood. "I-I-I got attacked by them tonight… I wasn't expecting this, I thought they were different… I don't want to be stuffed inside a suit." Phone Guy starts crying a little. "I don't want to be, please God. I'll admit every thing… we had to cover up the murders so the pizzeria looks better and could continue, but it didn't work, the man! The man took disguise as an employee! I knew he was fishy, but we couldn't release that info to the public, if they knew we hired him then it wouldn't look good! I knew the purple lights meant something, I bet this was it…the man, he was wearing a purple outfit… a purple work uniform…" Phone Guy says as he starts sobbing more. Phone Guy notices they're getting close to the room, he then realizes something. "All night… I hear children's laughter… you guys, you must be the dead children! You must have possessed the animatronics!" Phone Guy says "Please, let me go, I didn't kill you! I didn't! It was another employee! It wasn't me!" Phone Guy begs, but Freddy doesn't listen. He keeps dragging. Phone Guy looks at his watch again. "5:57...I can make it…I can make it…please God!" He then drops the audio recorder "No, no, no! I need that" He tries to grab it, and you can hear his voice start fading as he talks. "God no, I'm so close! Please!" He is then dragged into the room and you hear the door get slammed shut.

30 Years Later

Day 0
 
"Woah dude, gnarly! I found old recorded messages from the old place! This could totally work for Fazbear's Fright!" Phone Dude says, he then looks at the two different audio recording devices. One says Training Logs, the other just says Journal. "Huh, I think the training ones will do better for the attraction! But man, I am awful curious about the journal one, I guess I'll just keep that one to myself!" Phone Dude says, as he walks off with the two audio logs.












Story Two – Six Days with Phone Guy
Day 1

Phone Guy is sitting back in his office, recording private messages to himself. He really seems to enjoy leaving messages for future reference. He gets up and starts walking around the pizzeria, watching as the children are playing on the arcade machines and watching the animatronics on stage. "Honestly, the new toy designs are kind-of creepy, but I can see why the kids like them… I'm honestly a fan of the older designs. Always wondered why there isn't a Toy Foxy though, he was always my favorite" Phone Guy thinks to himself. He knows there's Mangle, but he doesn't really consider him Toy Foxy, but moreso a new animatronic put in with the new Toy batch. A child runs up to Phone Guy and starts saying "Sir, can I please have one of those balloons?". Phone Guy smiles and says "Of course, hold on a second and let me get it down." He walks over and grabs one of the balloons near Balloon Boy and hands it to the child. "Here you go kid, now go have fun and have a great time here at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza." Just then, he sees a purple light coming from the janitor's closet. Phone Guy walks towards the area and is curious to see what's going on in there.
 
"Stupid flashlight, work dang it!" one of the employees says as Phone Guy turns the corner. "Eh, kind-of stupid that the flashlights come in purple, right? Kind-of burns the eyes a bit." Phone Guy says to the employee, he then doesn't recognize his face. "O-o-oh, hey. Yeah, just trying to get it to work, it works for a couple seconds then it just starts flashing. It's really stupid." the employee says. "Yeah, it really does. Don't worry, I'll take it to my office and get it replaced." Phone Guy says as he takes the flashlight. "So, what's your name?" Phone Guy asks the employee. "Yeah, uh, I go by PG. Don't really like my full name that much." PG tells Phone Guy. "and I'm guessing you're just the manager? I'll just call you that, I don't plan on staying here for too long." PG says to Phone Guy, and Phone Guy asks "Why not? Do you not enjoy it here?". PG kind-of brushes his hair back and fixes his glasses. "It's really not that, I just kind-of want to do more things kind-of. I'm already up there in age, and just got put on day shift after being on night shift, didn't like it there, and I don't think I want to stay here for the rest of my life. I kind-of want to do something with my remaining years." He says, Phone Guy nods. "Yeah, I understand what you mean. I love it here honestly. I've been here for quite a while and worked my way up to this position. It's been a journey certainly, and there's been some struggles, but it's been a fun time here for me." Phone Guy says while smiling. PG then smiles back and laughs a bit "I'm sure, I'll stay here for a while longer. Today's my first day, well, technically." PG says. Phone Guy looks kind-of confused "What do you mean technically?" Phone Guy questions. PG kind-of chuckles and replies with "Man, it's just I've been here a lot and I know my way around this place." Phone Guy kind-of looks puzzled. "Oh, that's nice… good thing you work here now, it's nice to know your job." Phone Guy says while smiling. "Well, I better get back to my office. Nice meeting you PG, and keep up the good work."
 
"Nice meeting you too sir, hope we can become good friends while I work here!" PG says as Phone Guy turns to the door with the flashlight in his hand and starts walking out. "Weird guy." Phone Guy says as he starts walking back to his office, he then closes the door and looks into the filing cabinet to find information on PG. "Huh, says here he's had no prior work experience… kind-of weird for a man in his 30's. Guess Mom and Dad helped him out a bunch. Doesn't say his actual name here, just lists PG. That's kind-of odd. Oh well, as long as he's a hard worker I won't mind." Phone Guy says to himself. He then pulls out an audio recorder and starts speaking about the new guy and his oddities.
 
Day 2

Phone Guy was sitting back in his office. He was extremely relaxed, and happy with the new night guard's work. His name was Jeremy, and he felt he did a great job. Every thing was under control there, and the robots were under control. This was the first time in a very long time to where every thing was nice and calm. Well, as calm as a children's pizzeria can be. No controversy, no robots out of control, and most importantly no strange people. Phone Guy was glad that it was like this. After all these years working here, and getting higher and higher up in the company, from recording the old training tapes to being the day guard to now having his own office and being in control of every thing. Phone Guy was happy because it's all under control because of him, and it hasn't been like this for a long time. He had a good feeling about this, and finally felt that what Freddy Fazbear's Pizza was supposed to be would finally be shown with him running the place. Well, not technically running the place, but him being in charge of what goes on. He was happy with this. Then he remembered something. He remembered the only thing that was kind-of messing with things. One of the more strange animatronics, or if we can even call it that.
 
They called him the Puppet. He was a strange addition to the crew. Phone Guy wasn't exactly sure when they got him, but he certainly knew he didn't like any thing about that Puppet. He seemed odd, like he was watching or something. He knew this sounded crazy, but he just had a bad feeling about this Puppet thing. Like, he was in control of every thing. Phone Guy quickly tried to forget about the feeling by getting up and exiting his office to hear the children playing and having fun. Then all of a sudden PG walks up to him. "Oh, hey sir. Question? The robots are kind-of… acting odd a bit? Would I be able to check them out? I'm really… good with machines" PG says, Phone Guy thinks for a moment. "Yeah, sure, if you want. I'd really appreciate it. Hopefully it's nothing too complicated." Phone Guy replies, PG responds with. "Alright sir, I'm on it!" PG walks over to the animatronics to start fixing them up. Phone Guy watches wondering why he was interested in fixing them up, guess he just wanted experience on how to if he ever needed to in the future. They seemed to be acting fine. Oh well, he won't question it, a free repair is a free repair. Either way, PG seems to know what he's doing. He then walks over to the counter to talk to the cashier, as he's kind-of curious as to what PG's like around the other employees. "Hey, Scott, do you know anything about PG? Like, what he's like around the other employees?" He asks, Scott responds with "Uh, not really… I don't really see him talk to others… he just kind-of walks around and just kind-of watches. To be honest, he just kind-of showed up one day. Didn't really make much sense, y'know, but they don't really tell us anything. Maybe upper management really liked him." Phone Guy thought this was kind-of odd, and realized something. How would he not know if somebody got hired? Did upper management really not tell him?
 
Phone Guy just walks around a bit more, now wondering where PG came from. Perhaps he was hired on the spot and he just wasn't informed. He seems like a hard-working employee, but it's just kind-of odd. Phone Guy then walks in the back to speak to PG once more. "Hey… PG, just wanted to know, who exactly hired you?" He asked, PG replied with "Oh, uh… I don't recall the name, y'know, but I was hired on the spot. He seemed like a nice guy." Phone Guy was kind-of lost. How did this guy get hired under his nose? "You know, it seems like the animatronics are under control. Maybe you should just leave them for now. We need you up front right now. One of the arcade machines is down and we really need you on it." Phone Guy says, PG kind-of rolls his eyes and lifts his hat up over his eyes a bit more. "Alright, alright, I'll head up there and fix the arcade machine." He walks off. Phone Guy didn't like that attitude. PG then doesn't do what was told of him, and instead walks into one of the party rooms where one of the birthday parties is going on.
 
Later that day before the place closes, Phone Guy checks around one last time to make sure every thing in the front is in place. He wants to make sure the families all leave and get out safe. He then starts thinking about PG again, and how strange the circumstances are. He has nothing on the guy except his name, and his file had nothing but his name and his birth date. No social security number, no nothing. It was kind-of strange, but he can always ask for that stuff later. It's been a busy week anyways, and he can always ask the following week. Phone Guy walked back into his office and shut the door. He then wrote on a notepad to remind himself to ask PG for his SSN and other info next week. Phone Guy then opened the filing cabinet to check on PG's file again. It was gone, and nowhere to be seen. "What?! I know it was here. There's no way it could be gone…" He kept looking, and it was nowhere to be found in that entire room. Phone Guy sat back down and thought something weird was certainly going on there. "God, I can't wait for next week." Phone Guy said as he leaned back in his chair. He then looked in the drawer and pulled out his audio recorder to lose some of the stress he had at the moment.
 
Day 3


The pizzeria just opened and Phone Guy is right outside his office. He then hears movement inside of his office. He stands out there for a second, waiting to go in. He then decides he must face whatever is in there and he walks inside. It's his boss. "Hello. Have you heard the news?" his boss says, Phone Guy stands there. He's confused, what kind-of news? Is Phone Guy getting another promotion? Well that was fast, but he's sure he would have gotten that memo. "Uh, no I haven't sir. What's the news?" Phone Guy asks, his boss shakes his head and sits down at Phone Guy's desk. "Listen, there's been some… rumors. Some bad rumors going around. I think you know what I'm talking about." His boss tells him, Phone Guy goes pale. He doesn't understand how this could have happened under his nose. "What do you mean…rumors?" Phone Guy asks, his boss looks at him and sighs "You know what I'm talking about. Listen, keep this place under control. I like you, I really do, but we can't have one of those incidents happening again. Keep an eye on things, ask the day guard if he's seen any strange activity, and most importantly, don't speak about these rumors to anyone. We don't want the face of Freddy Fazbear's to be infected any more." The boss says as he grabs his jacket and walks out, he turns around, and pats Phone Guy on the shoulder and says "It'll all be okay, I trust you." and walks out.
 
Phone Guy is just standing there, he doesn't know what's going on or what to do. Can it be? Could the same thing that happened at Fredbear's be happening here? No, there's no way. Phone Guy keeps watch all the time on every single detail, nothing like this could be happening. Phone Guy moves for the first time in five minutes, and walks over to his chair to sit down. The chair is still kind-of warm from when his boss was sitting there. Phone Guy kind-of chuckles and thinks "Thank God I don't have sit in a cold chair." It then gets kind-of serious again as he opens the filing cabinet and PG's file is still missing. He has to ask PG if he's seen anything, PG seems like a trustworthy guy and seems like he'd know if something was going on. He always seems to be watching and paying close attention to detail. Then all of a sudden there's a knocking on the door, Phone Guy walks up and walks over to the door. He opens it and there's nobody there except a note on the door. The note reads "Sir, the robots were acting kind-of different last night. They were more alert and came at me stronger and faster. Any idea what's going on with them? Also, been hearing about some strange rumors. Is every thing alright? Just call me tonight when I'm on shift and let me know if every thing's alright. Thanks" The note was from Jeremy, the new night guard. Jeremy seemed like a nice guy, and he's glad he has an employee like Jeremy that actually seems to care about his job. Not a lot of people around here do, the only two that really do are Jeremy and PG, and he doesn't even know anything about PG. He at least hired Jeremy himself. Phone Guy then gets a bright idea and walks over to his filing cabinet.
 
He opens it and looks inside, and notices that Jeremy's file is missing too. Phone Guy then leans back heavily into his chair. What's going on? Why are these files going missing? He then looks at a clipboard he has on his desk with every employee at the location. He looks through every name on there, and carefully searches the filing cabinet for their files. All of them had their files in there. All of them except Jeremy and PG. This is just a really odd coincidence. PG and Jeremy are both new, and both of their files are missing, however PG's was in there and was taken. Maybe he just forgot to make one for Jeremy? Or perhaps his boss took there's to look at their background? Maybe they were the ones causing the rumors? "No, no" Phone Guy said to himself, there's no way. PG and Jeremy were both very trustworthy guys, and seemed extremely mature. They don't seem like the type to bring this sort-of attention. It was probably just a couple teenagers pulling pranks and spreading rumors due to them hearing about the old stories from the old restaurants. Phone Guy is starting to get really stressed out, running a pizzeria is tougher than it looks.
 
He gets up and starts walking outside to the actual pizzeria. The kids are all having fun and playing in the arcade like usual. Phone Guy loves this feeling, he loves giving children and families fun and good times. He hopes this just stays and the rumors don't ruin anything. He then spots PG over by the door, and walks over to him. "Hey, uhhh… PG, got a question for you. There's been a lot of rumors going around lately. Do you, uh, know anything about it?" PG looks kind-of shocked and replies with "I have heard a few, but nothing major. Is something going wrong?" Phone Guy kind-of frowns "Yeah, my boss came into my office and told me to keep a look out for things. Have you spotted any thing? Like any suspicious activity?" PG kind-of looks around and then looks back at Phone Guy. "No, I haven't seen any thing at all. Have you?" Phone Guy is kind-of shocked by him asking that, if Phone Guy saw anything he wouldn't be asking him. "Uh, no. No I haven't." He replies firmly. He then remembers Jeremy's note talking about the animatronics acting a bit different. "Oh, hey, also, uh about the animatronics. Would you mind checking them out for me? The night guard is kind-of having issues with them." PG smiles and says "Yeah, sure of course. Any thing for you. Also, I met with the night guard. Was a really nice guy, and seemed to know what he was doing. I think you can trust him." PG says with a wink, he then walks off into the backroom with the animatronics. Huh, that was odd. Why did he mention Jeremy for? Maybe they were good buddies or something. Eh, it doesn't matter, as long as his employees are getting along all is good. He does wonder why PG asked him if he saw any suspicious activity, that was just a really odd thing to ask. Eh, he shouldn't worry about it Phone Guy thought.
 
He then walks around for a few moments to make sure every thing is in order and all the families are happy with their experience. He then notices that the door to where the animatronics and PG are is still shut, so he assumes PG is still back there. He walks to the back and opens the door and sees PG working on the animatronics. "Hey PG, I need to tell you something extremely important." Phone Guy says, and PG turns around and looks at him. PG wipes the sweat from his forehead, then says "Yeah, what's going on sir?". Phone Guy kind-of looks around and gets closer to PG and says this in a more hushed voice. "This stays between you and me, but if you spot anything, let me know immediately. Watch the employees, watch the people, and most importantly watch the animatronics. Don't let anything happen, okay?" Phone Guy steps a bit back from PG, and PG smirks and looks at Phone Guy and replies with "Alright sir, you can count on me. Nothing is going to get across me, I'll keep my eyes open." Phone Guy smiles and likes that kind-of talk. "Keep up the good work." Phone Guy says as he turns around and walks out, shutting the door behind him.
 
He makes one more round around the pizzeria, and watches as the last families get out and the last employees. He watches as PG is the last to walk out and he waves to him. Phone Guy smiles and waves back. He then walks back to his office, and shuts the door. He walks over to his desk, sits in the chair, and pulls out his audio recorder, but before he starts recording himself he gets out a notepad. He writes down reminders to keep his eye on the place and keep in contact with his boss, and to also inform Jeremy on what's going on at the moment with all the rumors. He stands up, walks over to his coat rack with his jacket on it and puts the notepad in his jacket so he doesn't forget it when he leaves. He walks back over to his desk and grabs the audio recorder again, and then starts recording himself.
 
Day 4

Phone Guy parks his car and is on his way inside the pizzeria, he then notices a strange black car parked outside. That's odd, he's never seen that car before, and usually employees are the only ones here this early. He slowly approached the building and saw a couple employees inside, nothing odd here, he then saw a man in a trench coat wearing some sort-of hat. He had a notepad, and was writing things down. Phone Guy thought that this couldn't be good, and opened the door. He walked up to Scott and asked "Hey, uh, Scott, what's up with that guy?" Scott looked over to the guy in the trench coat. "I asked him the same question, he told me there's some sort-of investigation going on at the moment and told me to direct the manager to him as soon as he arrives. Guess that's your call." Scott replies, Phone Guy kind-of straightens up his tie and takes a deep breath. "Alright, wish me luck." He says to Scott, Scott gives him a thumbs-up and Phone Guy walks towards the strange trench-coat wearing man.
 
"Uh, excuse me, sir?" Phone Guy says to the man wearing the trench coat, the man turns around and puts the notepad away. He smiles and puts his hand out. "Hi, nice to meet you, I assume you're the manager." He says with a grin, I reply with "Yes sir, I am the manager. Is there anything you need help with?" The smile goes away on his face, but not in a bad way, more in a lets talk business away. He then pulls out his notepad from his pocket once again and quickly looks through it. "Yes sir, as a matter of fact there is. Have you heard anything about those rumors?" He asks Phone Guy, Phone Guy is kind-of stunned about him bringing it up. "Yes, I actually have. What about them? From my boss all I heard was they were just from a couple teenagers spreading some strange rumors around for a quick buck." Phone Guy replies, the man looks at Phone Guy with a dead stare. "Apparently, it isn't. It's something more important. Something similar to the incidents that occurred at the other pizzeria's. I'm a detective hired by the local PD." He says, he then flips his badge at Phone Guy. Phone Guy just kind-of stands there in shock. This can't be happening, this couldn't be happening. Phone Guy watched this place like a hawk he thought to himself, how could this have possibly happened? Phone Guy then swallows heavily and looks back at the man.
 
"That kind-of incident hasn't happened here… has it?" Phone Guy asks, and the man shakes his head. "No, no, no, at least not that we know of yet. Look, have you seen anything odd? Any odd people?" the detective says, Phone Guy replies "No, not at all honestly sir. Neither has my security guard, he's claimed no sort-of strange activity at all." The detective smiles and puts his hand on Phone Guy's shoulder. "That's good to hear son, that's really good to hear. Look, you seem to know how to run this place, don't worry about it. It could be just a rumor that's gotten out of hand. We are going to be running an investigation here for the next few days however, so don't be surprised if police or more detectives show up. Now, I need to get going, so don't stress over it and have a very nice day sir." The man says, as he writes down a couple notes on his notepad and walks out of the pizzeria. Phone Guy kind-of stands there, both relieved and nervous at the same time. He doesn't know whether to panic or be happy. At least the detective doesn't think any thing happened, but at the same time, they are having an investigation going on. This won't look good, especially to the families coming here. Hopefully nobody notices and this gets done quickly, Phone Guy thought.
 
Just at that moment, he looks out the window and sees his boss walking in. "Uh oh" Phone Guys says quietly to himself. His boss stops and starts talking to the detective, he watches as they both shake hands and kind-of laugh with each other. His boss then walks through the doors of the pizzeria. "I need to have a word with you." He says, as he puts his arms around Phone Guy and walks back with him to his office, he then shuts the door and looks at Phone Guy. "Alright, so I assume you've heard about the investigation. I'm not angry, I trust you, I don't think there's any wrong doing and this is just a rumor gone out of hand. But, just to be safe, we might have to close down for a couple days. We don't want the parents to be worried and see the policemen coming in and out and ruin future business." He says, as Phone Guy nods in agreement. "I completely understand sir." Phone Guy says to his boss, his boss smiles "Thank you, and also, I want you to be here along with the daytime security guard whether we close down or not. You two know the most about this place, and the police may need you to help with questions. If you need me, you know what number to call." He says, as he pats Phone Guy on the back and smiles. "Trust me, it'll all be fine." He then walks out of his office door, and outside of the pizzeria, as Phone Guy watches him walk out.
 
Phone Guy takes a deep breath and wonders if PG has arrived yet. He walks out of his office and up to Scott once again to ask. "Hey, has PG arrived yet?" Scott looks at him "Man, you're just full of questions today, aren't ya? Well, PG's that weird guy, right? Yeah, I saw him walk in. He's back there working on the animatronics or something. Said he needed to." Phone Guy kind-of blinked a couple times. "What?! He's not allowed to work on them without my permission." Phone Guy says panicked, he runs into the back where PG is. "PG, what are you doing? You're not allowed to work on those without my permission." PG quickly looks over to Phone Guy, he just finished up and had a huge grin across his face, and was putting the tools away. "Oh, hey sir. I figured out what was wrong with them and wanted to fix them right away. Sorry, I should have asked you first, but you know, I was excited." He says while laughing and chuckling a bit. Phone Guy wondered what was wrong with him. "It's fine, but…are you okay? What's so funny?" He asks, PG stops trying to laugh but still has a huge grin across his face. "Oh, nothing, nothing's wrong. Just remembering a joke a friend told me last night. Man, was it funny." He says, he then bends down and picks up his purple flash light and flashes it in Phone Guy's face. He then chuckles to himself. Phone Guy is wondering what is going on with him today. "Are you…sure you're okay? Why did you flash me with that?" Phone Guy asks, PG still has his huge smile across his face. Man, he has a huge mouth Phone Guy thought. "Yeah, yeah, completely fine. Just figured we'd need this place to be more joyful due to all the investigations going on." PG said, Phone Guy then remembered he has to tell him something. "Oh, by the way, that reminds me. Me and you are going to have to stay after these next few days. We may close down for a couple days and only me and you are supposed to be here to help out the police, alright?" Phone Guy says, PG then just grins a little bit and replies with "Of course, I'll do anything for you boss." PG then walks out of the room with a huge smile across his face. Huh, he's acting odd today Phone Guy thought.
 
He then turns around and sees the cast of animatronics staring at him. Just staring. He started to shake a bit and quickly exited. Woah, that was odd Phone Guy thought. They don't normally do that, I mean they may look at you for a moment or two but not a dead stare such as that. It looked like they didn't trust me or something, which I don't know why they'd think that as they've seen me multiple times before. Maybe they're meant to be like that, PG did say he figured out what was wrong with them. Phone Guy then starts walking around the place as the families start to arrive and checks the place out. Every thing is going normally and all the families are cheering and having a good time. A few other detectives walk in but it doesn't seem the families are paying much attention to it, which is probably a good thing.
 
Phone Guy walks into his office and shuts the door, and after making sure every thing was going alright. It sure has been a rough couple of days there, but at least every body seems to be doing their job alright and the families seem happy. At least the detectives so far have said nothing seems to be going on there and it just seems to be rumors going out of control, but Phone Guy shouldn't be relieved just yet he thought. There were similar situations that happened at other locations, he just hopes none of that stuff happens here. They never did catch the killer, hopefully he's not still on the loose he thought. Phone Guy then hears knocking on the door "Come in!" he says. Scott walks in, Phone Guy is surprised. It must be something serious if Scott walks in, he seems to never care. Scott says "PG left early. I don't know why but he just left. He was smiling and said something important needed tending to." Phone Guy stood up immediately "What?! How could he leave! I needed him the most today!" He says, he then sits back in his chair immediately. Scott says "Don't worry about it sir, I'm sure it was something important." Phone Guy stood back up and replies with "Yeah, I'm sure he'll be back tomorrow. I guess I better watch out there for the rest of the day then since he's gone." Scott then walks out and back to his place, and Phone Guy walks near the front of the pizzeria and watches the place to make sure nothing goes wrong.
 
Phone Guy starts noticing something odd. The animatronics, there's something up with them. They just stare at the adults, especially the workers. Did PG really fix them? This doesn't seem right. Something is definitely up. Phone Guy starts walking towards them to check it out, he walks past one of the animatronics and they just stare him down, he then walks back and they keep their eyes right on him. "That's odd." Phone Guy said quietly to himself, he then returned to his post at the entrance and watched as the animatronics stared the adults down. They seemed to be fine towards the kids however, which was the weird thing. What did PG do to them, and why did he leave so early? Phone Guy kept asking himself these questions in his head and is trying to piece the puzzle together on what exactly is going on.
 
It's near closing time for the pizzeria, and he watches as the last family walks out. He walks back into his office, but feels something behind him. He looks behind him and it's Toy Bonnie, just staring him down. Phone Guy quickly runs into his office and locks the door. What is up with them? He better have PG check them out tomorrow he thought to himself. He walks over to his desk and pulls out his notepad. He writes down to remind PG to fix the animatronics as they seem to be staring the adults down. He tries to think of any thing else, and he thinks of warning Jeremy tonight in his recording that the animatronics are staring adults down and to be extra careful with them as they seem almost violent towards adults, especially the staff. Phone Guy puts the notepad in his jacket pocket and opens his drawer, once again pulling out an audio recorder. He then starts recording himself.
 
Day 5


Phone Guy is walking into the pizzeria, he sees no sign of PG anywhere. Phone Guy then notices more detectives. The place is closed down for today, as the sign out front had said so. He assumed his boss just did it without telling him. The detectives come up in a group and one of them talks to Phone Guy. "Good Evening Sir, we're here to inform you that a… incident has occurred here." One of the men says, Phone Guy starts shaking. "Calm down sir, it'll all be okay. Have you seen any suspicious behavior from any employees?" He asks, Phone Guy thinks for a moment. PG, of course, it had to have been PG that has caused this incident. It's the reason why all the animatronics had been acting weird and why they had no file of him and no real name. "There was one guy… he went by the name PG. We had no file on him, and he just left in the middle of the day yesterday. He was supposed to be here with me today but he hasn't arrived. I doubt he will." Phone Guy says, the detective writes it down. "You don't have a file on the man, how is that possible?" The detective asks, Phone Guy replies with "He had one, but then it went missing. Maybe he took it out? Who knows for sure." He says, the men write more down on their notepads. "One final question, would you mind if we have a look at your camera surveillance footage that you've had for the past month? It will help out with our investigation." the man says, Phone Guy says "Of course, whatever will help. They are located over there." Phone Guy tells him, they then put their notepads away and walk together over there, as if they were in a pack.
 
Phone Guy is shaking as he walks down the hallway to his office. He pulls out his keys and can barely get the right one. He knows that his boss will be so mad at him, his boss trusted him and he let him down. He opened up the door to his office slowly. There was a flashlight on his desk that was shining, and he didn't remember that being there. He thought that was odd, but he walked over to his desk and shut it off. At that moment, he turned around and saw his boss. His boss was red faced and sweating. "Don't let anybody in or out of here. This place is under lockdown from what I understand." He says in the most serious tone he's ever heard from his boss, he knows his boss is mad. He can see it from his expression. Phone Guy just gets paler and paler the more he looks at his bosses red face. "I thought I could trust you to make sure this never happened again. Guess I was wrong." His boss said right to his face, Phone Guy had a tear drop down his cheek. He couldn't move. Phone Guy was completely stunned and had no words to say. His boss walked away from him and took a seat at Phone Guy's desk. He just kind-of rubbed his forehead a bit and then looked back up at Phone Guy, the redness had noticeably gone away quite a bit, but there was still a tint of it in there.
 
"When we get this all sorted out, tell your night guard that he may move to the day shift. A position just became open." He said, Phone Guy gulped. He knew his boss blamed him for PG working there. Was PG even an actual employee? He knew he shouldn't have trusted this weird guy that just showed up one day and had no file, or well had one and had it vanish. "Don't let PG, or anyone else in here. You have the rest of the day off, but I want you to come with me to this small diner across town so I can talk to you first." He tells Phone Guy, Phone Guy nods and himself and his boss walk out of Phone Guy's office. Phone Guy locks the door and walks out of the pizzeria as even more detectives arrives, and now even police cars are arriving. Phone Guy hops in his car and drives to the diner to meet up with his boss.
 
Phone Guy orders a coffee, and his boss orders a pancake breakfast. His boss sits there and looks Phone Guy straight in the eyes. "Look, I'm sorry if I seem angry." He said, Phone Guy quickly replies with "You have every right to be sir." His boss kind-of smirks but then his face goes right back to the way it was. "Try to find a replacement for your night guard's shift, as he knows what he's doing already. Just incase we have to put him on dayshift. Or, Hell, take it yourself if you want. You certainly won't be keeping this position." His boss says to his face. Phone Guy's eyes start getting red and he starts tearing up. All his years of working to get up to this place in the company are gone, they were for nothing. He's going right back to his old positions, and it's not like he can get another job. Those are too hard to come by. Phone Guy tries his best to cover his eyes so his boss can't see him tearing up. "Look, I'm sorry, but it's the truth. I can't keep you at this high of a position after this incident. We'll be lucky if we'll still be open." He says, Phone Guy shakes his head in agreement but still trying his best to cover his eyes. Phone Guy feels like he was betrayed, he spent all this time at this company just to get screwed over, and it's not like he could say anything, he had to suck up and take the punches, and it's not like he'll ever get this high up again. He ruined his chances for life.
 
His boss finishes up his pancakes, and Phone Guy takes his last sip of coffee. The two of them walk out of the diner, with Phone Guy finally starting to uncover his eyes as his tears are starting to dry up. His boss is still angry. His boss looks over at him and says "Look, we need you to try and contact the original owners. They know how to cover up an incident like this. The place was called Fredbear's Family Diner I believe. The place has been closed down for years, but you might be able to contact somebody." Phone Guy is astonished as to why he's asking him to do this, he thought he didn't trust him anymore. "I thought you didn't trust me to do this anymore sir." He says, his boss looks him dead in the eye. "I really don't, you're still the manager however until all this blows over so get your job done and then you're out of that office." He says, Phone Guy just kind-of looks down to the ground. "Come in tomorrow, and I'll inform you myself on what's going on. We'll probably find out what exactly happened tomorrow." He says, as he walks away from Phone Guy and back to his car. Phone Guy is stiff and just watches as his boss, who now hates him, walks back to his life of luxury. Phone Guy starts turning red and takes his hat off and throws it on the ground. He then walks back to his car and opens the door, slamming it shut. He immediately breaks out into tears. Phone Guy looks into his jacket pocket to make sure he grabbed his audio recorder. It's in there, he then puts it on the seat next to him and drives off. He has a lot of work to do tonight, along with informing Jeremy of what may be upcoming for the company.
 
Day 6


Phone Guy didn't sleep at all last night. He's sitting at his desk at his house, drinking coffee and looking through a bunch-of different files trying to see if he can contact anybody from Fredbear's. Just as he thought, there was no hope. Every time he found a lead, it lead him to nowhere. He crumpled up a piece of paper and threw it in the trash. He wasn't going to get anywhere, so might as well go into work. He was a couple hours late, but it's not like it mattered because the place was probably closed today anyway. PG wasn't going to show up anytime soon either. Phone Guy got his jacket and his keys and walked out the door, he then got in his car and drove towards the pizzeria.
 
The parking lot was full. Phone Guy was surprised, were they really open after all the stuff going on? I guess nothing was… confirmed yet he thought. Perhaps his boss doesn't want to have to go out for too long and lose money on business. There was also police there, and Phone Guy parked in the very back of the parking lot. He walked inside and saw his boss in the corner. He was covering his face. Phone Guy walked over and asked "What's wrong sir?". His boss replied "They found something." He then walked me to the room where we keep the security footage. A couple police and detectives were back there watching the footage. "Hey, could you show my friend here what's going on?" His boss asked the police, the police got out of the way and played the footage. Phone Guy's face went pure pale, along with every body else's in the room.
 
The footage showed a man wearing one of the yellow suits they had in the back. It had to be an employee, it's locked off to every body else. It didn't show who put on the suit however as the cameras didn't have that area in view. He was then parading around the room and made a few kids follow him into the back. The kids didn't come out, but the man in the suit did. "Oh no." Phone Guy said, this couldn't have happened Phone Guy thought. He tried to keep close attention to make sure the murderer didn't come back. They never caught him originally, this is possibly the same guy. His boss looked at Phone Guy "We have a birthday party tomorrow, after that, we're closing our doors, at least for a while. All this publicity won't look good for business." He said, as he walked out the door. One of the detectives walked over to Phone Guy "Anybody you think could have done this?" He asked. Phone Guy thought for a moment. "There was a man named PG, but I don't have his file anymore. He was our security guard." The man wrote it down and nodded. "Thanks for helping out, if we have anymore questions we'll let you know." Phone Guy stopped the detective and asked "Wait, how long ago did this happen?" The detective turned around and replied "We don't know. It could've been today, it could've been a week ago. We don't know." He then walked away. Phone Guy walked out of the room and leaned against the wall. He took a deep breath and accepted his fate.
 
Never again would he be a manager, he would be a security guard or in the kitchen staff once more. He won't matter and he won't ever get his job back due to the events that took place here once again. He heard some of the police and detectives talking. Apparently they never found the children's bodies. The parents of the children were at the front desk crying and screaming while asking where their children were. Scott tried his best to calm them down, but he had to get the police over to calm them down. The families were taken outside and were given the best explanation they could. All of a sudden, one of the animatronics grabbed a pizza on a table and threw it on the ground. The animatronic then started shaking violently. One of the employees grabbed it and pulled it back into the storage room along with the rest of them. They were all back there and not one of them was out, except for the Puppet. They aren't acting right either, could it have been something to do with the missing children?
 
The pizzeria was clearing out earlier, due to all the police and the lack of animatronics. Phone Guy walked over to the Puppet's area, and just stared at the Puppet. Something was odd about that thing, it was as if he knew something. Phone Guy turned away, and felt like he was being watched. He then went to one of the backrooms and found an empty cardboard box, and then walked back to his office to clear it out. He put every thing in the box, and put the audio recorder in his jacket pocket. He sat in his chair one last time and took a deep breath. He'd really miss it in here. He then walked out with his box of stuff and got into his car and drove over to Jeremy's place. He knew where Jeremy lived due to him having a conversation with him during his interview where he asked this stuff. He left a note on his door telling him to not worry about coming in tonight due to the place closing down and how violent the animatronics were. He also told him to come in tomorrow as they have one final event and he wants Jeremy to make sure none of the animatronics attack anybody.
 
Later That Night

Phone Guy got a call in the middle of the night from his boss. Apparently Jeremy was there, he swore he would have gotten the memo. Guess he wasn't home today to get the memo. He quickly grabbed the Phone off the wall and called the place. Jeremy answered, and Phone Guy started asking why he was there. He then told him about the final plans for tomorrow and how the place was closing. Phone Guy hung up after this, and walked back into his bedroom to have a nice night sleep before going in for his final day.
 
Day 7

Phone Guy walked into the building. It was completely empty except for the employees. They were getting ready for the only event for the day, a birthday party. The animatronics seemed to be acting a bit better today, and weren't acting as crazy. They probably calmed down after all the crazy stuff that happened yesterday. There weren't any police here at the moment, as they said they'd come back as soon as the party was over. At least he didn't have to worry about that anymore. He then saw Jeremy walk in. "Hey, thanks for putting me on the dayshift. The whole night thing was pretty terrifying." Jeremy says as soon as he sees Jeremy. "Yeah, I'm sure it was. I did that a couple times before, but not a whole lot. Probably when the place reopens I'll do it myself. Don't really have any thing else to do." Phone Guy said, Jeremy looked kind-of shocked. "What? Aren't you the manager though?" He asked, Phone Guy shook his head. "Not anymore, sadly." Phone Guy said, Jeremy looked down. "Oh, sorry about that… I really am. If I can do anything to make it better just tell me." Phone Guy smiled. "Thanks man, I appreciate it." He said, he then patted Jeremy on the back and Jeremy smiled back.
 
Just at that moment, the family came in. There was about 5 or 6 cars, not a whole lot of family but still quite a bit. They came in and all sat at the table that had a bunch-of party hats and a big cake in the middle. The kid was turning 8 apparently, if the number on the cake had the truth on it at least. The animatronics started singing songs and the children were all having a good time and cheering. After the songs, the animatronics would just stand absolutely still and stare at the adults. Jeremy walked over and decided to help out with cutting the cake himself due to the lack of staff. He started cutting the cake and handed out each piece to each person individually. The animatronics especially stared at him. They followed his every movement.
 
About 30 minutes later, the kids were all running around and playing on the arcade machines. Phone Guy stood there smiling and happy he at least made some families happy for one last day of business. He knew the place would be coming back, but he didn't know when or how. He also knew that he wouldn't be the man in charge so he wasn't as excited about that. Then, one of the adults rounded all the children over to one area. They also brought Jeremy over there and shook his hand and thanked him for every thing. Jeremy was smiling and looked extremely excited. The animatronics then walked over to the area, they seemed to be curious of what was going on. Then, one of the kids walked over to him and handed him one the last piece of cake. Then it happened. The event that threw the company into an even deeper hole. The Bite of '87.
 
The Phone Guy watched in horror. He didn't see exactly who did the bite, but all he saw was the children screaming and the parents grabbing their things and running. The animatronics just stood there. Watching. "SCOTT! We need medical attention!" He yelled at Scott. Scott grabbed a phone and dialed the number. The employees didn't dare get near the animatronics, but Phone Guy had to. He ran over to Jeremy. It was absolutely horrid, his brain was exposed and you could see a piece was certainly missing. Phone Guy turned away and couldn't look at it anymore. He started tearing up and felt so bad for Jeremy. He was such a good, nice guy. Why did this happen?…It was all PG's fault. Every thing was. They must have that it was him due to the fact they wore the same outfit due to them both being security guards. The police, and ambulances arrived and took Jeremy out of there. His boss also arrived. Phone Guy just stood there with tears running down his face. The animatronics got put back into the backroom and the door was locked on them. Then he heard the police talking. "We caught him. The man that must've been responsible for the children going missing. The animatronics must have known due to their facial recognition systems. It was stupid for him to stick around." One of the officers said to the detectives. The detective responded "Well, we got that part figured out, now we just have to find the children." On the way out, Jeremy was handcuffed to the bed he was being carried out on. Phone Guy ran over to his boss. "Jeremy didn't do it, I know he didn't, PG did it!" His boss looked at Phone Guy with disgust. "Shut your mouth, if the case is closed and the culprit is convicted then we'll have a chance of opening this place up again. Do you think I care about Jeremy? No, we can have a hundred workers just like him. I care about the future of this company. Let him pay the price." Phone Guy stood there shocked. "You can't do that though! He's innocent!" Phone Guy said, his boss shook his head. "I can do that, and I will, and if you tell anybody anything different then you'll be fired." His boss smirked as he said. Phone Guy walked away angrily.
 
 
He couldn't believe it, he then heard one of the officers say "There was no file on the guy in the managers office either, must have taken off with it." Then it hit Phone Guy. He knew exactly what happened to those files. PG wasn't an employee. He just placed a file in his office to make it look like he was, and when I looked at it he stole it, not thinking I would do so. He also took Jeremy's. To frame him of course, Phone Guy thought. That's the reason he was tinkering with the animatronics so much, to get them to act violent towards adults and people in the same security outfit he was wearing. The only one wearing the same uniform was Jeremy, and he knew the police would figure he caused the children to go missing due to their facial recognition systems that he was messing with and caused to go faulty. PG got lucky, and he won. Phone Guy couldn't believe he let this happen, and he couldn't believe he was letting Jeremy get framed. Phone Guy walked out to his car, having all this knowledge go into his brain and not being able to tell anyone because he didn't want to lose his job felt awful. Phone Guy sat there and asked God for forgiveness. He really needed the money and couldn't lose his job here. He just couldn't. Phone Guy then started his car and drove off, awaiting the grand re-opening of Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.


   

Story Three – One Week with Phone Dude

1987
 
"Here you go kid, now go have fun and have a great time here at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza." said the Phone Guy, as he handed the kid a balloon. The Phone Guy then walked into another room with a flashing purple light. The little boy decided to follow him and see what he was up to, and listened in to the whole conversation with Phone Guy and PG. "Weird guy." Phone Guy says, as he walks back to his office.
 
The little boy then decides to walk in to see what PG is up to. "Oh, hey kid. You're not supposed to be back here, but I think it'll be fine for right now." PG says, with a smile across his face. "So, what's your name?" PG asks, with the smile still across his face, kinda creepy like. The kid is kind of scared, and says "I'm not supposed to tell strangers my name…" PG's smile kind of fades and he responds with "Alright, I'll just call you dude. So little dude, what's your favorite animatronic?" The kid looks down for a moment, trying to think. "Uh, Freddy is my favorite." The kid responds with, PG smiles once again. "That's good to know, you know, when I was a kid… never mind, but my favorite would probably be Bonnie." PG says to the child. "Alright, you better get going, I got lots of work to do kid." He says to the child, and the boy walks out. "Weird guy." The boy says.
 
Things went pretty normal the rest of that day, until the boy saw a group of kids following one of the costumed characters. It was a Golden Freddy, kind-of odd to see one of those. Must be one of the rare costumes the boy thought. He kind-of wanted to follow, but it was getting late and his parents wanted to leave. The costumed character already had enough kids following him to begin with. The little boy, or should I say dude, left the pizzeria, and that's where our story begins, with Phone Dude's fascination with the Freddy Fazbear's Pizza murders.

2023

Two Months Earlier
 
Phone Dude was sitting in his house, playing a new game that just recently came out. Then, all of a sudden, he heard a knock on the door. "Ugh, who could that be?" Phone Dude said, as he walked towards the door groggily. He opened the door and there was his friend Jonas, with a look of excitement across his face. "Hey Dude! I-I got some good news! Remember those Freddy Fazbear Pizza murders, mysteries or whatever! Well, I got some leads on some old merchandise!" He said, Phone Dude then got a huge grin across his face. "Come on, tell me the details bro!" Phone Dude told Jonas, Jonas replied with "Alright, so, here's the thing, we have to turn it into a haunted house sort-of attraction for this amusement park, I made a deal with the amusement park and they want me and you to run this thing!" Phone Dude kept his grin, but he still doesn't like to do any thing while under a contract.
 
"These guys aren't going to screw us over, are they?" Phone Dude asked, Jonas shook his head "Not at all, all we have to do is give them 25% of the profit and we're good! However, there is one thing we need dude." Jonas said, Phone Dude kind-of sighed and asked "What do they need?" Jonas kind-of looked around for a moment, kind-of hesitating. "Well, we need one of them… one of the.. Animatronics." He said, Phone Dude would be more than happy to get one, the only problem is, the last pizzeria closed 30 years ago, and most likely the animatronics were turned into scrap. "And how are we supposed to find one of these animatronics? I'm assuming they don't want one we made specifically for the attraction, nor do we have the budget to do that bro." Phone Dude said, Jonas shrugged and said "I dunno, they gave us keys to all the still standing Freddy Fazbear Pizzeria's in this area though. They told us to search the buildings and take whatever we need to make the attraction more spooky." Phone Dude kind-of chuckled. "Well man, that sounds cool enough to me. When do we start?" Phone Dude asked, Jonas smiled and said "Tonight, they want the theme park open in two months." Phone Dude choked on his own spit. "Two months? Jeez, they want us to build an entire attraction in two months? Well, jeez, man, that might be easy for them but, uh, I'm not the best at rushing things." Phone Dude said while chuckling, Jonas laughed a bit as well. "Don't worry, all our friends are helping out a bit as well. All we need is a security guard, you know, to keep the atmosphere." Jonas laughed while saying.
 
"Oh God, poor dude, I've heard some rumors about some of the security guards there. I even met one myself, when I was a kid, he was kind-of strange. He was working on the animatronics. I even heard one of them got bitten by the robots dude! And another went missing about five years later!" Phone Dude said excitedly, Jonas pulled his collar and coughed. "Lets not, speak about that, to the new night guard. That'd be a bad idea, and me and you certainly don't want to do it." He said, Phone Dude hit Jonas on the back and started laughing "Not to worry man! I won't say a word! Now lets get the squad together and go searching through the old locations!" Phone Dude said while laughing, and Phone Dude locked the door and followed Jonas to his car while walking excitedly.

Present Day

Day 0


Phone Dude and Jonas are walking around together through-out one of the old Fazbear locations, Fazbear's Fright was actually almost done. It would be opening in around a week. Phone Dude then comes across Phone Guy's old office. He looks through the drawers in there, while Jonas looks through a couple more. "Hey dude! I found an old audio log!" He says, while pulling it out. Phone Dude walks over "I'll hold onto it man, I can't find anything else in this office. Might as well start searching the halls." Phone Dude tells Jonas, as they walk out of the room. They take a few arcade machines, and a few stuffed animals, a couple drawings, and that's about it for this location. Phone Dude and the rest of his Fazbear Fright crew leave and go visit the other location one last time. They don't find much they didn't see at the other two locations, but they did find another audio recording, this time just laying on the floor. "Woah dude, gnarly! I found old recorded messages from the old place! This could totally work for Fazbear's Fright!" Phone Dude says, he then pulls out the other audio recording device. One says Training Logs, the other just says journal. "Huh, I think the training ones will do better for the attraction! But man, I am awful curious about the journal one, I guess I'll just keep that one to myself!" Phone Dude says, as he walks off with the two audio logs.
 
The rest of the team, minus Phone Dude and Jonas, are outside waiting for the two of them to get done. They eventually walk out with nothing more than a couple audio logs. "Is that all you found, seriously?" Jessica, one of the crew members, said. "Yeah man, these are some really old audio logs, we could totally use these for Fazbear's Fright!" Phone Dude said to Jessica, she just rolled her eyes. "Alright, alright, lets just get back to the place and drop off all this junk." She said to them, Phone Dude quickly replied with "Woah, watch your mouth man, this stuff is not junk!" The five of them got into the car, they were all friends of Phone Dude. Jonas, Jessica, Henry, Greg, and Alex. Phone Dude then remembered they still haven't found a security guard. "Hey, guys, just drop me off at the house, I have some stuff I need to do. Just drop the stuff off there and we'll go take care of it tomorrow. Maybe we'll go searching for more stuff!" He said, Jonas turned the car around and dropped Phone Dude off. "See ya later bros!" He yelled as he ran inside his house. As soon as he got inside, he locked the door and ran to his room with his computer and his desk.
 
He put the audio logs on the desk and then went on one of those list a job websites, and put up "security guard for local attraction", it was only a Thursday and they had pretty much the whole weekend to find a security guard, so it shouldn't be too hard. It wasn't hard at all actually, about an hour later he got a response and told them that their first day would be tomorrow. The guy seemed to be older, so he should have more experience. Besides, he'd actually know how the place was more than I would, since he was an adult back in those days! Phone Dude thought, he looked at the audio logs, and decided to take a look at them tomorrow. He needed rest, after all, tomorrow would be a big day, and this weekend will probably be even bigger.

Day 1 - Friday
 
 
Phone Dude pulled up to the amusement park, and walked inside to Fazbear's Fright. The attraction was starting to come together, and it looked pretty scary, to him at least. Then he saw the man he hired, he looked to be in about his early 50's. Phone Dude walked over to him and introduced himself "Hey dude, I'm the guy that hired you, and I'm the owner of this awesome attraction!" the man kind-of laughed. "Name's Scott, never thought I'd see something like this open." Scott said, as Phone Dude chuckled. "Why not bro?" Phone Dude asked, Scott responded with "I used to work for one of the older pizzeria's, you know, the one that was famous for… the bite of '87. Yeah, that was a bad day." He said, Phone Dude's eyes widened. He couldn't believe it! An actual Fazbear employee, and he wasn't crazy! "Dude, you worked for Freddy Fazbear's?! That's great! Were you one of the security guards?!" Phone Dude asked excitedly, Scott kind-of sighed "No, but there's a first time for every thing." He said, Phone Dude chuckled and responded with "Right on man! Well, let me show you around!" Scott followed Phone Dude inside, as Phone Dude showed him all the displays.
 
"Man, the memories come rushing back… all this Freddy Fazbear merchandise, man I used to sell this stuff back in the day." Scott said, Phone Dude couldn't believe the security guard was an old employee, this will totally work for the attraction! "So, uh, Scott, man, what was it like working there?" Phone Dude asked, Scott's face got a bit more pale. "It… wasn't the best. We had to keep a lot of secrets, and my boss, well, my old boss, he disappeared about 30 years ago at the final location." Scott said, Phone Dude grabbed Scott's shoulder "I'm sorry man, I assure you nothing of the sort is going to happen here." Phone Dude said reassuringly, Scott smiled as if to say thanks and Phone Dude continued to show him around. He then led him to his office. "Alright, well dude, this is where I leave you to do your business. I totally slacked today man, I made every body else put up the merchandise. We're going to go looking for more this weekend!" Phone Dude said while laughing, Scott smiled and laughed as well "Well, alright man, good luck!" Scott said, and Phone Dude waved and left. Things were going good, and he had an actual Fazbear employee! He couldn't believe it, things were looking good. Phone Dude left the place and got into his car.
 
On his way home, Phone Dude decided to stop by the older Fazbear Pizza location just to check things out. He didn't remember if he had checked the security office in that one. Phone Dude pulled up and ran inside, just wanting to check quickly. This place looked way worse than the other one, and it was indeed infested with rodents and insects. Yeah, this place isn't up to standards Phone Dude thought. He ran into the security office, hoping to find some old recordings. He was luckier than that, he found one of the old video tapes that had security surveillance on it. It said "break room", how interesting, now he could see how the employees were! Perhaps the other location also had some old surveillance tapes. He decided he wouldn't go there tonight, maybe he'll go look this weekend. He then remembered that they had to find an animatronic still, crap, he thought, he doesn't think they'll be able to. They searched through-out almost every location and still haven't found one. Unless there was a secret room, he didn't think they'd ever find one. He then left the place, going to go home to watch the video footage he found.
 
When he arrived home, he immediately ran inside and to his desk. He saw the audio tapes and wanted to listen to one of them before watching the video. He chose the one that said training tapes, and he turned it on and started listening. It was talking about climbing in and out of mascot costumes, he only listened to the first one and turned it off, deciding to listen to it later. He decided he'd save the video tape for later as well. It was getting late and he had a busy weekend ahead of him. He turned off the lights and headed to bed.
 
Day 2 - Monday


Phone Dude went inside his house after a long weekend of hunting through-out the locations. They found a few cool things, a couple drawings, and a Foxy head that seemed to be genuine, but who knows, could've just been another crappy cosplay. Phone Dude went to his desk and decided to write a few plans for the attraction down. He wanted Scott to be apart of the attraction, the people would go through the building and to the exit. So he'd be apart of it, and he'd make sure nobody would steal anything! Radical idea, Phone Dude thought. He wrote that down along with a couple plans. He also wrote down what he needed to tell Scott about the surveillance systems. He needed to call Scott up tonight and let him know all the stuff that was going down. He looked back at the training recordings and private journal recordings on the desk, and decided he'd keep waiting to hear the rest of the training one and keep waiting to listen to the private journal one, he wanted to surprise himself for the training one when he includes it in the attraction, which he wanted to do now as a sort-of atmospheric thing for the attraction, and he was going to inform Scott of all this tonight. He just wanted to keep the private journal one waiting, as that was the one he was most excited for, and holding it in will make it even better. He then had the brilliant idea of watching the break room surveillance tape. Just then, he got a notification on his phone that he had received an email, he opened up the email and read it. It was a man that had emailed him, and told him that he helped design one of the buildings, and that there was a secret room in the last one that had closed down. Phone Dude was so excited. He read that Jonas had posted online for help tracking down genuine Freddy Fazbear pizza animatronics, and he put Phone Dude's email down. Phone Dude emailed the man back telling him to meet them there tomorrow at the newer pizzeria at around 5 PM. He couldn't believe that they were finally going to find one. Phone Dude eventually settled down and decided to finally watch the surveillance tape, he put it in his VCR that he had found in his basement, and pressed play.
 
Nothing out of the ordinary, it seemed to be just a lot of people sitting and walking. Then he eventually came across something that seemed out of place. A man was walking into the break room, and it seemed to be pretty early in the morning. He was wearing a purple uniform, which was the common outfit for a security guard at Freddy Fazbear's pizza, and the guy looked extremely familiar to Phone Dude. He had some kind-of file on him, which was sort-of odd for a security guard to be holding onto. Then, at that moment, another man in a purple uniform came in. He was shining a flashlight on the other one. "Uh, excuse me, but what are you doing here? It's only 6 AM, the place doesn't open until later." Jeremy asked, the other employee just smiled "Oh, hey, uh, the name's PG, the boss wanted me to, uh, check on things. I'm the day guard, nice to meet you." PG said to him. Jeremy turned the flashlight off and looked kind-of confused. "Uh, yeah, alright, just wanted to make sure. Name's Jeremy, Jeremy Fitzgerald." Jeremy said, he also said " Also, I'm assuming that's why you have that file?" PG laughed and smiled at the man "Yeah, yeah, the boss wanted me to take care of it. It was a previous employee that quit, he just wanted me to throw it out for him, you know, blah blah blah." PG said, Jeremy laughed and said "Alright, well I hope your shift goes well." Jeremy left after that, as PG watched him leave. PG wiped his forehead. "That was close…" PG said, and then his eyes lightened up and he walked out of the room.
 
Nothing else much happened in the rest of the video, just employees going in and out. The tape eventually ended, and nothing really happened. He had wondered if there were any other tapes at that location. He kind-of wanted to go check it out tomorrow before he goes to the other location to find the secret room. He also wanted to research this Jeremy Fitzgerald guy. He went over to his computer and searched the guy up. Phone Dude couldn't believe what he found. This guy was the bite of '87 victim, and was the child murderer as well. He found that kind-of odd, if anything, he assumed the other guy would have been the murderer, he seemed a lot more suspicious. Oh well, guess the world is filled with mysteries. Apparently the guy is still alive, he's just been in a vegetative state in a mental asylum, hooked up to a machine to keep him alive. Guess murderers do get what's coming to them. He closed out of the webpage, and wondered who that other guy was. He just gave the name PG, and that couldn't have certainly been his full name. Guess it'll just remain a mystery. Unless he asks Scott about this PG character, perhaps they worked there at the same time. Maybe he can find some other previous employees. He did his research, and found either most of the previous employees were deceased or had moved to a place far away out of this state, except for two. Scott, and one of the old regional managers for this area.
 
He decided to write down the mans address and give him a visit tomorrow. He decided he'd hit the sack after that, but he almost had forgotten to give Scott a call to update him. It was about 11:30 PM so might as well just call and set it to play at midnight when he gets there. He told Scott all the details about what was going on and then stopped the message. Phone Dude had a busy day ahead of him tomorrow, and maybe he'd actually find an animatronic, and discover who this PG guy really is.
 
Day 3 - Tuesday


Phone Dude drove up to the amusement park, he had brought the audio recordings for the training with him, but decided he'd put them into the speakers later, and went inside and to Fazbear's Fright. He saw Scott walking out, as his shift was over, and ran over to him. "H-hey man! I want to ask you a question!" Phone Dude said to Scott trying to get his attention, Scott looked over and stopped where he was, waiting for Phone Dude to get there. "Yeah, what's the question?" He asked, Phone Dude stood there for a moment trying to catch his breath. "Oh, uh, I found some video tapes of the old place where I think you used to work, and there were two guards, this Jeremy Fitzgerald guy and this PG dude. Do you remember either of them?" Phone Dude asked Scott, Scott kind-of stood there for a second, his eyes widened. He coughed and said "Yeah, well, I never really knew Jeremy, I was there the day he was bitten though… PG on the other hand, that guy was really twisted..." Scott paused there, not going forward with the rest. Phone Dude was really curious as to why he was twisted. "What was so twisted about him?" Phone Dude asked, Scott grabbed Phone Dude's shoulder. "He just didn't seem right… he always made these really dark jokes around us that he never said around the manager. He always pretended to be a perfect angel around the manager, but he had a dark side, trust me, and we all knew it." Scott said, and then he continued "Sometimes, I wonder whatever happened to him, but other times, I'm glad I never found out." Phone Dude wondered the same, he then remembered. "Yeah, I'm going to try to find out more about this guy. However, that footage was the only footage available at the location you used to work at, so, like, man, I'm going to go to the other one later today to find a secret room and possibly see if there's any security cameras still functioning I can possibly take the footage from." Phone Dude said, Scott laughed "Man, you must really love this stuff. Well, I have to get going, I'll see you later." He said as he walked off towards the exit. Phone Dude followed as well, he had one more place to go today before going to possibly find the secret room.
 
He pulled up into the old regional managers driveway, got out of his car and walked over to the door. He rang the doorbell and waited for a few moments. There was no answer. He did it again. No answer. He knew somebody was there, there was another car in the driveway. He started knocking on the door. "Hey, uh, man, sir, I'm here to talk about Freddy Fazbear's Pizza! I'm making a new attraction based on it and I could use your help!" Phone Dude yelled, and just at that instant the man opened the door. He looked at Phone Dude straight in the eyes. "Yeah, come in, come in." The man said, as Phone Dude walked inside. "Have a seat on the couch. Would you like anything to drink?" He asked, Phone Dude shook his head to say no. "Alright, so, uh, man, what was your position, and what really happened during those days?" Phone Dude asked, the man sat across from him and had a bit of a frown. "I was the old regional manager. One of the men that went missing was an employee of mine, me and him were pretty good friends I'd say… until the Bite of '87. On that day I did something I wasn't proud of, and it ended me and the employees relationship." Phone Guy's boss said, and Phone Dude looked astonished "What was the thing that ruined your relationship?" He asked, Phone Guy's boss laughed softly as he responded with. "You see, I'm not allowed to say… I have a contract I have to follow, kid." Phone Dude understood and nodded his head. "I have one more question, who is this PG guy?" Phone Dude asked, at that moment Phone Guy's boss's face got really pale before he responded. "Oh, uh, that guy, that guy was the person my old employee thought was the murderer, but it turns out he wasn't." Phone Guy's boss kept his frown after he said that before continuing "Other than that, I don't know much about him, I wasn't in charge of that, my employee was, and I got the facts from him. He didn't really talk about PG much except for how odd of a character he was." Phone Dude was really enjoying this, he was getting so much info about one of his most favorite things in the world. "Hey, like, man, if you ever want to come down to Fazbear's Fright, feel free. Scott, somebody that used to work at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, works there, he's the security guard." Phone Dude said, as he looked at the time. It was nearly 4:30, he had to be at the newer pizza location in 30 minutes. "Alright, well dude, I gotta go, so I hope to see you around!" Phone Dude said, as he shook the mans hand and walked out. Phone Guy's boss watched as he walked into his car and drove off. "Huh, Fazbear's Fright… hopefully they don't have any animatronics… those things are pure evil." He said, as he shut the door.
 
Phone Dude arrived at the place a few minutes late, and all his friends were there waiting for him, along with the man. Jonas ran up to Phone Dude's car "Dude, you're late! We gotta get in there and check it out!" Jonas said, and Phone Dude got out of the car. "Yeah, yeah, sorry man, I was talking to somebody about something important. Lets just go talk to the man, dude." Phone Dude said as he and Jonas walked over to the rest of the crew and the man. "So, uh, hey dude, what's the name?" Phone Dude asked, the man stood there and looked at them. "I'd prefer not to say, you know, legal things." He said, the crew nodded and Phone Dude said "Yeah, we completely understand man, we won't give our names either, because of super secret cool stuff." Phone Dude said as he gave Jonas a high five. The man kind-of shook his head. "This way, please." He said as the crew followed him in. He lead them straight to a boarded off room. "I'm going to need you all to help me get this open." He said, as every one tried to pull the wall apart from all the debris and obstacles. "God, this stuff is heavy." Greg said, as Jessica looked at Greg and responded with "Come on Greg, I'm lifting more than you, put your back into it." Phone Dude just laughed at them. Alex and Henry were dating, and were helping each other out. "Ain't that cute, dude?" Jonas asked, as he pointed to Alex and Henry lifting up junk together. "Shut up, Jonas." Alex said, as she threw the junk towards Jonas and Phone Dude. The two of them laughed, and so did Henry. Alex just looked kind-of peeved.
 
They eventually got the door open, and stepped inside. It was dark. The man said "There might possibly be a light switch somewhere around here. Look around." They all stumbled around trying to find a light switch, until Greg eventually found one. "I found one!" Greg shouted, as he flipped the switch. It took a few minutes for the lights to completely come on, but it was worth it. When the lights came on, there was an animatronic. Twitching in the corner. It looked to be Bonnie, but it was extremely torn up and looked as if it was molding. It smelled really bad in there too. There was a weird stain on the floor too, it looked black but it was hard to tell what it was, but it was all around the animatronic. It was just twitching there, as if it was injured or something. Jonas said "Alright, Greg, Henry, help me out with this!" The man who had helped them find the animatronic looked at Phone Dude and said "I have to get going." As he walked out of there, rather quickly it seemed. Phone Dude was kind-of confused, but he got back to the main thing, they found an animatronic! "God, that thing reeks." Jessica said, and Phone Dude laughed and said "Reeks with AWESOME!" Jessica just kind-of rolled her eyes and sighed, as Alex responded with "Yeah dude, totally." Phone Dude watched as Jonas, Greg and Henry carried the animatronic out. Phone Dude, Alex, and Jessica followed them. They put it in the back of Jonas' truck, and hooked it down. It was twitching still. The rest of them got into their cars and drove off, towards the attraction. But Jonas and Greg were still there, and so was Phone Dude. "So, are you heading off to the attraction?" Greg asked, Phone Dude responded with "Not quite yet, I need to go check something inside first. Then I'll meet you guys there." Phone Dude watched as Greg and Jonas got into the truck and drove off with the animatronic rabbit in the back.
 
Phone Dude ran back inside, and to no avail, all the cameras were broken. Then he remembered the secret room. He ran back there, and found a camera. He detached it as carefully as he could, hoping it'd still have data on it. He went back to his car and drove off towards the attraction, putting the camera on the passenger side. Once he got there, he saw the animatronic walking itself inside of the attraction with Greg, Henry and Jonas on it's side, watching it go in. Phone Dude ran over to them. "This is so awesome, I bet Scott is going to freak once he sees we've gotten one of them!" He said. Phone Dude was so happy, the attraction was finally complete. He had all the spookiness he needed to make the attraction stand out. He attached the training audio recordings to the speakers, and tested to see if they worked, and they did. The odd thing was, the animatronic stopped in it's tracks when it heard the mans voice in the audio recording. Jonas had to nudge him a bit, and then he kept going. Phone Dude thought perhaps the animatronic's AI recognized the voice? No idea, but he kept following. They eventually found the area where he would be starting at, and kept him in there. They all left and went outside, except for Greg. "Where's Greg at, man?" Phone Dude asked, Jonas shrugged "Eh, he said something about going to the restroom. I'm sure he'll be out soon." He said, Phone Dude nodded and responded by saying "Alright, well man, I gotta get going." Phone Dude, Jessica, Alex, and Henry all got into their cars and left. Jonas stayed, waiting on Greg to come out.
 
Phone Dude arrived home, and went over to his phone. He decided to leave a message for Scott again. He called and told him all the updates about the stuff that was going on, and how he found an animatronic, he was sure Scott would be excited with this news. Then, he heard knocking on the door. He had to abruptly end the message and he ran downstairs. It was continuous knocking, he wondered who it could be. It was Jonas. "Man, Greg never came out, I don't know what happened to him!" Jonas said as he panicked "Dude, Greg's mom is going to be so pissed!" Phone Dude tried to calm Jonas down by saying "Man, you know Greg, maybe he just, uh, walked home, or just got a ride with the others without telling you?" He said, Jonas shook his head "No, no, no man, that's not like Greg, he won't even answer his phone or respond to the texts!" Phone Dude responded with "Jonas, just calm down, I'm sure Greg's fine. If he's not responding by tomorrow, we'll go to Fazbear's Fright and try to find him ourselves, ok?" Jonas nodded his head, and started to walk away towards his truck. Then he turned around real quick. "You don't think that… the animatronic got to him?" He said filled with fear in his voice, Phone Dude laughed "Of course not dude, he's fine, that animatronic wouldn't hurt a fly." Jonas laughed nervously too. "Alright man, well see ya." He said, as he got into his truck and drove off, while Phone Dude waved. Eh, I'm sure Greg's fine… hopefully, he thought. Phone Dude walked upstairs and went to bed.
 
Later That Night 
 
Scott was sitting in his chair, waiting for the message to play. The phone rang and Phone Dude was describing things. Then he heard that they found an animatronic. Uh oh, Scott thought, as he quickly lifted up the panel and saw Springtrap staring at him. "Shit" Scott said, as he lifted the panel back down. He then heard his bosses old voice start playing. He wondered where Phone Dude found this at, at his old work? Man, this certainly brought back memories. His boss was a really cool guy, he kind-of missed him. He remembered he became a night guard at the last restaurant before he disappeared, he better make sure the same thing doesn't happen to him. He then started watching Springtrap, making sure he didn't get anywhere near the office.
 
Day 4 - Wednesday
 
Phone Dude woke up to knocking on his door. He got up groggily and started getting dressed before going to the door. He opened it and there was Jonas. "Duuude, Greg still isn't answering! We need to get to Fazbear's Fright!" Phone Dude rubbed his eyes. "Ugh, man, I'm telling you he's fine." Phone Dude said, as he slipped on his shoes. He then shut the door and walked out to Jonas's car. The two of them drove off towards Fazbear's Fright. "Ugh, man, I'm sure he's perfectly fine." Phone Dude said, Jonas shook his head. "I don't think so man, I went to his mom's house and she said he didn't return. I called the rest of the crew and they said he wasn't with any of them either." Jonas told Phone Dude, Phone Dude did think that was kind-of odd. "Man, I'm sure he's fine, maybe he just… uh, fell asleep in the bathroom?" Phone Dude said as they arrived at the amusement park. The two of them ran inside, just in time to see Scott leaving. "Hey, like Scott, man, have you uh, seen Greg in there?" Phone Dude asked, Scott looked kind-of confused. "Uh, I don't know who Greg is, but if you're talking about the animatronic, then yes." Scott, said to Phone Dude, Phone Dude shook his head and responded with "No, no man, not the animatronic, a guy, a human. About my size." Scott thought for a moment, then said "No, no, I haven't seen anyone except the animatronic… by the way, that thing, it isn't a good idea. Those things are dangerous." Phone Dude laughed, and said "Nah man, those things are harmless, they were made for children." Scott shook his head and sighed. "No, listen, I watched one of them bite Jeremy's face, in front of children. There are no children here, there's no holding it back from doing whatever it wants to do." Phone Dude kind-of stood there quietly for a moment before responding. "Uh, you don't think, that thing hurt Greg, do you?" Scott kind-of looked up, then looked back down at Phone Dude and said "Honestly, I don't know. He could have, but then again, I'd figure I'd find the body." Phone Dude nodded in agreement, as Scott told them "Go check inside, just be careful. That thing. It's not like the others, it's… different." Scott then walked away. What did he mean by different? Phone Dude thought to himself.
 
Phone Dude and Jonas walk inside, very quietly. "Greg?" Phone Dude whispers. The place is dark. He flips a switch, and there's nothing in there. Jonas grabs onto Phone Dude tightly. "Dude, I'm scared… maybe getting that animatronic was a bad idea." Jonas said, Phone Dude shook his head "No man! It just adds a vibe of authenticity to the attraction… here, call Greg, maybe we'll hear his phone ring." Phone Dude says, Jonas pulls out his phone and calls Greg. They wait for a moment, getting extremely quiet. Then they hear Greg's phone. It's coming from the other room. The two of them stay closely together as they walk in. They see it, his phone, sitting there, on the floor, just ringing. No Greg in sight. They walk over to it, the room is dark but they can see the phones screen light up. Jonas turns on a light. Still no sign of Greg, but there is a sign of something else. Phone Dude looks on the wall, there's a small smile on it, which seems to have been carved into the wall. Was that there before? Phone Dude didn't know, but he took a picture of it anyway. "Where do you think Greg went?" Jonas asked, Phone Dude shook his head and looked to Jonas. "I don't know man, but I don't think I want to find out." He said, as the two of them took Greg's phone and walked out of the room. Just then, they heard a banging sound. "Huh… what's that?" Jonas asked, Phone Dude looked around. "It's the animatronic." Phone Dude said, Phone Dude kept walking and told Jonas "We have to get out of here man." The two of them hurried and tried their best to get out of there. As they got closer to the door, Springtrap jumped in front of the exit from the other corner. "IT'S ME" it said, "Oh God man, it's not going to hurt us right?" Jonas said, before Phone Dude could say anything, the animatronic spoke first. "I don't know, am I?" It said, as it lunged towards them. The two of them ran away and started screaming for help. Springtrap ran after them. "Oh, good, I just love running, don't you guys?" Springtrap said while laughing. Phone Dude and Jonas kept running, trying to get around to the exit. "WE GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE MAN!" Phone Dude said to Jonas, they eventually outran Springtrap and found a room to hide into, hopefully to sneak past him and back to the exit.
 
"Come out, come out, wherever you are… I've got a whole eternity to hunt you guys down!" Springtrap says, Phone Dude looks at Jonas who is right next to him. "How did it learn to speak?! Those things… they aren't supposed to speak!" Phone Dude says, Jonas responds with "I dunno dude, but I'm scared to death…" Jonas then looks out the door, and doesn't see him in sight. The two of them quietly sneak out of their hiding spot. "There you are!" Springtrap says, as he grabs Jonas by his jacket. "Looks like I sprung a trap. Ha, that's a good one." Springtrap says to Phone Dude and Jonas. "Look, man, let him go!" Phone Dude says. Jonas is screaming for help. "Why would I do that? That's no fun. Hey, tell you what, you let me go into the outside world, I'll let your friend go. Deal?" He says, Phone Dude looks at him. "Why would you want to be outside for, you're just an animatronic!" He says to Springtrap, Springtrap laughs and responds with "Oh, I'm more than that, 'man'. Is that seriously the lingo people use now? Whatever, even if you'd let me go free I would have killed you anyways." Springtrap says, as he lunges towards Phone Dude to grab him. Phone Dude runs off. "DON'T LEAVE ME DUDE!" Jonas yells, Phone Dude yells back "I'M SORRY MAN, BUT I CAN"T LET THIS THING GO FREE!" Phone Dude eventually reaches the exit, as he hears Jonas's screams. Phone Dude shuts the door, and locks it. "Scott was right, getting that thing was a horrible idea. I can't call the cops, they'll just think I'm like, crazy if I say a talking robot killed my friend." Phone Dude starts pacing back and forth and thinking of something to do.
 
He then comes up with an idea. "We got to get rid of it, put it back where it came from. Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. I'll need all the help I can get." Phone Dude then hangs around the place for the rest of the day until Scott comes, just to make sure the thing doesn't escape. Scott then arrives and sees Phone Dude there acting crazy. "Are you alright?" Scott asks, as Phone Dude looks at him and says "Dude, dude, it got Jonas and Greg! It talks too, it told me it was more than an animatronic! I don't know what that means, but it wants out!" Scott started patting Phone Dude on the back. "Calm down, just calm down. It'll all be alright." Scott said. Phone Dude nodded. "I have a plan. We have to get as much help as we can and get it out of there. I'll find people. We can do it, Scott. All I need you to do is keep watch during the night, I'll get others to keep watch during the day. At least from the outside. I need you inside though. During the night he might feel more free to leave. You have to keep him there. Please Scott." Phone Dude says, Scott nods his head as well. "Alright, man, I'll do it. My old boss would want me to." Scott says as he smiles. "Okay, I gotta go man, thanks for every thing! I need to do my research and rest for a bit!" Phone Dude says as he gets in his car and drives home.
 
When he arrives home, he immediately runs upstairs. He looks at the camera he grabbed from the other day. He decides he'll watch that later tonight, perhaps he'll know what more than an animatronic means if he watches it. Perhaps it'll show some details, he thought. He then goes on the computer, and researches old security guards for Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. He doesn't find much, but he sends a couple emails. Hopefully he'll get a few responses he thought. He then plugs the camera into his TV, hoping it'll connect correctly. He laid back on his couch, relaxing for the first time in a couple hours. He missed Jonas, he really did. The two of them were best buds, and they've known each other for what it seems like forever. Phone Dude started to tear up, but he figured the best thing he could do was to avenge him by getting the animatronic out of the building and making sure he doesn't hurt anyone ever again. Phone Dude turned on the TV, and there was the video. It was a lot of video. A lot of nothing. Eventually, he did see the suit back there. It looked… different. It didn't look as moldy and, like, gross. He thought. Then he noticed that the weird stain underneath of him wasn't there yet. He fast forwarded a long while ahead, until he saw something he couldn't believe.
 
"S-s-stay back!" PG shouted, at nothing it seemed. Phone Dude watched it on the TV. "Is that… PG? What's he so afraid of?" He asked himself. PG started running around the room, trying to throw things in front of him. "I'm warning you, stay back!" PG said, to nothing. PG eventually ran over to the suit. He got inside of it, and stood up. He started laughing. "Thought you could hurt me, huh? Well, you're wrong!" PG shouted, as the springlocks in the suit gave way. Phone Dude watched in horror as the suit crushed him from the inside, blood went every where and PG was screaming. He then saw PG fall on the ground, twitching, as a pool of blood surrounded him. After that, the camera went to static. "So… PG is the animatronic?" Phone Dude said to himself. "Well, that explains the whole more than an animatronic thing… but why is he killing people?" Phone Dude wondered to himself, leaning back on the couch and stretching. "Guess that's where the strange stain came from." He said, as he got up off the couch. He decided to head to bed, and hoped the people he emailed would get back to him. He looked over at his desk, and saw the private journal audio recording. "I'll listen to you tomorrow." He said, as he crawled into bed. Nightmares certainly await him, he thought.
 
Day 5 - Thursday

Phone Dude didn't get much sleep last night. He kept having nightmares about Jonas and Springtrap. He couldn't get it out of his head. Jonas screaming, and Springtrap's laughter. How could something be so cruel? This animatronic wasn't like the others, it had an intention on killing. It didn't want to give children joy, it wanted to kill every thing. Phone Dude got dressed, and decided to give Phone Guy's Boss one last visit. He drove up to the house, and knocked on the door. Phone Guy's Boss peeped through the hole in his door, and saw Phone Dude. He opened the door and said "Oh hey, it's you again. Do you need something?" Phone Dude nodded. "As a matter of fact, I do. I need your help." Phone Guy's Boss told him to come inside and have a seat, and Phone Guy's Boss sat across from Phone Dude.
 
Phone Dude sighed, and looked at Phone Guy's Boss. "Look, uh, we got an animatronic." Phone Dude said, Phone Guy's Boss got really pale and looked Phone Dude straight in the eyes. "That's a horrible idea… those things are dangerous. I thought they were all destroyed anyways. How'd you get one?" He asked, Phone Dude shrugged and responded with "Some guy who said he designed the buildings said there was a secret room. We went inside, and like, uh, there it was. Just sitting there." Phone Guy's boss just stared in awe, wondering how that thing survived. "And, uh, also that PG guy. He's in the suit. He got killed in it, and I think he has some sort-of control over it. He just wants to kill. He isn't holding back. We have to keep him inside until we can find out how to get him out of there and lock him away back at the old location." Phone Dude told him. Phone Guy's boss is sitting there, very quietly, stunned. "PG? He's the… animatronic?" He asks, Phone Dude nods "Yes, and I need your help to stop him. I've also emailed a couple previous employees, hoping they'll be up to the challenge too. We can end this thing forever. All we need to do is get rid of the animatronic and PG." Phone Dude says, as Phone Guy's Boss smiles and nods his head before saying. "Alright, I'm in. Whatever I can do to right my wrongs." Phone Dude smiles back "Thanks man! I'll give you a visit when I get the group together!" He says, as he walks out of the house and back into his car.
 
He drives off, wondering what to do next. He looks down at his phone, and sees a text from Jessica. It says that Henry, Alex and Jessica are all at the attraction and fixing things up there for the grand opening next week. Crap, he forgot to tell them about Springtrap he thought. Phone Dude quickly drives over to Fazbear's Fright. The car is there, but none of them are inside. He quickly runs to the front of the attraction and starts yelling their names. No reply. They must be inside, he thought. Then he heard a scream. It sounded female, either Alex or Jessica. He quickly ran inside. "Guys? Are you in here?" Phone Dude says, he quickly hears a response from Jessica "We're over here!" She says. Phone Dude runs over to where he heard her, which happened to be in the restrooms and he sees a horrific sight once he enters them. Greg and Jonas horribly mutilated with IT'S ME written above their dead bodies, in what looks to be their blood. "Oh my God." Phone Dude said as he covered his eyes. "What did this, dude?" Jessica asked, as Henry, Alex and her looked over at Phone Dude. "I did this." Springtrap said, as he jumps out from one of the stalls in the restroom. He grabs Henry and throws him against the wall, knocking him out. "We gotta get outta here, now!" Phone Dude says, as Alex looks at Henry. "No, we gotta get Henry out!" Phone Dude tries to run over to them, but then Springtrap jumps in front of him. "Now, now, don't do that. That's no fun." Springtrap says as he kicks Phone Dude. Phone Dude rams right into the side of the wall. "Ugh… why are you doing this PG?" Phone Dude asked, Springtrap looked kind-of shocked and walked over to Phone Dude, leaving the others open to grab Henry and leave. Jessica and Alex pick him up and quietly sneak away.
 
"How do you know who I was?" Springtrap asks, as he looks Phone Dude straight in the face. Phone Dude could smell the rotting corpse inside, and he could see it too. "Answer me!" Springtrap said, as Phone Dude started stuttering. "Well, uh, like, I watched a recording that was caught on camera." Phone Dude said. "Oh, so that explains it. I've been sitting in that room for around 30 years, but you know what. I should thank you. So I'm going to let you live, well, for now at least, kinda cliché I know but yeah, seems fair. If it weren't for you, I would've been stuck in there for eternity. But now, I'm free to roam for all of eternity!" Springtrap says, as he walks off. "Now, where are your friends? I'll just kill them all first and save you for last." He says, then he stops and turns around. "Oh, also, really like your touch with the audio that plays during the night. My old manager's voice really brings spirit to the attraction. What is he, the Phone Guy of your attraction? Sounds lame, too bad you couldn't actually have him voice it since, he, you know, died." Springtrap says, as he turns back around. Phone Dude hopes he gave Alex, Henry, and Jessica enough time to escape. Then he hears screaming. Phone Dude struggles to get up, but he eventually does, and starts limping towards the screaming. He sees Jessica lifted above Springtrap's head, as Alex is holding onto Henry in the corner. "Oh, aren't you two adorable? Makes me sick." Springtrap says, as he throws Jessica aside knocking her out, and pushes Alex aside as he picks up Henry.
 
Phone Dude starts limping over as fast as he can to try and knock into Springtrap, but it's too late. The sight is awful, he watches as Springtrap snaps Henry in two as Alex screams. Springtrap starts laughing. "You can't stop me. I will get free! All I need to do is kill all of you." Springtrap says, as he starts slowly walking towards Alex as he laughs. "Hey, man, like, step away from her!" Phone Dude yells, as Springtrap looks over at him. "Oh great, that guy. You know what, you're annoying, I'll just kill you now." Springtrap says, as he starts running towards Phone Dude. Phone Dude starts running as fast as he can, hopefully giving Alex and Jessica enough time to escape. Alex tries her best to wake Jessica up, but Jessica doesn't wake up. She moves her and notices she isn't breathing. She tries to do CPR on her, but it's too late. Jessica is gone too. Alex starts crying harder, as she gets herself up and walks towards Springtrap, who is chasing Phone Dude. She picks up one of the stuffed animals, and throws it at Springtrap. It makes a noise similar to a child's laughter. Springtrap stops in his tracks. He turns around and starts running towards the stuffed animal. Springtrap just stares at it when he gets close enough to it. Phone Dude tries to sneak around him. He succeeds actually, as Springtrap just seems to be staring at the stuffed animal. Phone Dude and Alex meet back up, and sneak out together. Phone Dude quickly pulls the keys out and locks the door behind them. He hugs Alex "I'm so sorry Alex, you can stay at my place tonight, okay? We're going to get that thing out of there. We're not letting him leave." Phone Dude said, as Alex nodded and started crying on his shoulder. Phone Dude and Alex leave together, and leave Jessica's car there, as they don't have the keys. The two of them eventually arrive at Phone Dude's place after a long, silent, and emotional car ride. They walk inside to his house, and Alex goes to sit on the sofa, while Phone Dude walks over to his desk. He sees the private journal sitting there, but still, he waits.
 
Phone Dude turns on his computer and decides to check his email. He sees he got two emails back. He asks them both a good time, and they both agree on 3 PM at the original Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. Phone Dude calls Scott, as it's before his shift, and tells him the news. He decides he'll run by Phone Guy's Boss's place tomorrow and pick him up as well. He has at least five people to help him stop this PG guy once and for all. Phone Dude walks into the living room to check on Alex, and she is fast asleep. He puts a blanket on her, and then walks into his own bedroom. Tomorrow is going to be a busy day, he's going to need his sleep. Perhaps this team he's putting together will end the Freddy Fazbear legend once and for all.
 
Day 6 - Friday


Phone Dude woke up, and woke Alex up as well. He had to go pick up quite a few people today to discuss a plan. He ate some breakfast with Alex, and before he left he grabbed the private journal of Phone Guy. Him and Alex then walked out the door to pick up Scott at Fazbear's Fright. The two of them arrive as Scott is walking out of the attraction. "Hey man, are you, like, ready to meet up with some dudes from the past Fazbear locations?" Phone Dude asked, Scott smiled and nodded and got in the car with him and Alex. They then went to Phone Guy's boss's house. Phone Dude told Alex and Scott to wait in the car, as he walked up to the entrance and knocked on the door. Phone Guy's boss opened the door and saw Phone Dude. "Hey, so I'm guessing you have a plan to stop the animatronic?" He said, Phone Dude nodded and said "Yeah, are you still up to the task?" Phone Dude asked. Phone Guy's boss responded with "Of course. Whatever I can do to help. Well, whatever an old man can do to help." He said, as the two of them walked back to the car. The next stop is the original Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. He didn't have a plan quite yet, but he's sure by the time he gets to the original pizzeria he will, well, hopefully that is.
 
Phone Dude pulls up to the original location, and he sees the two men. He grabs the private journal of Phone Guy and all of them get out of the car. They walk up to the two men, who have their backs turned and are speaking to each other. "Hey hey, guys! Glad you could make it!" Phone Dude said, as the two of them turned around. "Of course, name's Mike. Mike Schmidt. Used to be the guard at the other location where the guard before me went missing." Mike says as he shakes Phone Dude's hand, the other shakes his hand too. "and I'm Fritz Smith. Used to be a guard for one night before the other location shut down." Fritz said, as the rest of them all shook hands with them. Scott looked around at all of us. "So, uh, what's the plan?" He asked. Phone Dude shrugged and said "I don't know, but we're all going to figure it out." As he brought over a picnic table that was in front of the pizzeria for all of them to stand around or sit on. He put Phone Guy's private journal on the picnic table. "I found this. Maybe it'll have some info on how we can trick the animatronic into coming with us easily and without injuring anybody." Phone Dude said, every one nodded. Phone Guy's boss asked "Wait, whose is this?" Phone Dude shrugged and said "I'm assuming it's the same guy that did the training logs, the animatronic called him the Phone Guy as a joke, so I guess it's him." He said as he turned it on.
 
"Journal Entry #1: Hey, hey, uh me… or well, whoever listens to this I guess. Uh, yeah. Anyways, been a pretty boring day here for me. Not much has happened. Thought it'd be a good idea to start leaving these for myself, as the people I leave these for seem to like them, such as Jeremy, so uh, yeah." Phone Guy said, every body listened intently to the audio, trying to see if he'll say anything that could help. "Um, yeah, so, just met this PG character. Really odd guy. He seems trustworthy, but, uh, yeah. That's all I can really say at the moment. I'll talk to you later, me...." Phone Guy said, as Phone Dude turned up the audio and the second one played. "Journal Entry #2: So, uh, yeah, this PG guy's file had gone missing. Checked it the other day, it was there. Now it's just gone." Phone Guy said, Phone Dude remembered something. He had a file in his hand in that video he watched, must have been his own. "So, uh, yeah, it's just… I don't know, things have been weird here. I better get going." Phone Guy said, then the next one played. "Journal #3: So, uh, yeah, a couple things. Firstly, from what my boss has told me, there's a couple rumors, kids going missing possibly. Might be just a sick joke somebody made because of what happened at the… other locations." Phone Guy said, as Phone Guy's boss remembered this situation. Phone Guy's boss then had a frown on his face. "Also, uh, seems that Jeremy and PG's files are both missing. Kind-of odd too. I just have a bad feeling about every thing that is going on… I just want this place, to, uh… have solid business for once and make families happy. Alright, I have to go." Phone Guy said, as Phone Dude paused the audio.
 
Every body looked at Phone Dude. "Why did you pause it for?" Alex asked, Phone Dude then looked at Alex, then everybody else. "I remember a couple days ago I watched an old break room recording… it had PG and Jeremy in it. PG had some sort-of file in his hands. Perhaps it was his? Then, when Jeremy walked out, PG walked out too, but he looked a little too happy to have been found." Phone Dude said, as Phone Guy's Boss looked at Phone Dude "I'm pretty sure PG stole Jeremy's file. I remember… the guy in the recording telling me about it. He also told me PG did the murders, but I couldn't let that info get out there… they thought Jeremy did it. I lied so the business would go smoothly again since they found out the killer had been arrested! …I'm sorry, and I regret every bit of this. Now, if it wasn't for me, we wouldn't have this situation. PG would be behind bars and he would have never become that immortal monster!" Phone Guy's boss said as he started tearing up. "That man on the recording died because of me… I know he must have, the animatronics must have killed him… he went missing on the job." Phone Guy's boss said, as Scott patted him on the shoulder. "Sir, we all make mistakes. Things happen for a reason, don't live in the past, live in the future, what do you think he would want us to do? To regret our decisions, or finally put the man that caused all of this away forever?" Scott said, as Phone Dude looked and said "He's right, man." Phone Guy's boss wiped away his tears. "Lets do it for him then. Lets do it for the Phone Guy." He said, as Mike said "Yeah, lets do it for the Phone Guy!" Fritz smiled and said "Lets do what he all wanted us to do, to finish this once and for all."
 
Phone Dude turned back on the audio. "Journal Entry #4: So, a couple detectives came around today, apparently the rumor has gotten way out of hand. The boss told me we may have to shut down for a couple days. He wants me and PG here at all times however. I told PG and he agreed to. Then he left. In the middle of the day… Scott told me not to worry about it." Phone Guy said, as Scott smiled at the fact he mentioned his name. "He did seem a little odd today, almost a bit too happy. The animatronics seemed odd too… they were just staring at people. Especially me. When I was walking back to this office, Toy Bonnie was staring me down. Kinda scared me a little. Well, anyways, I better get going…" The recording ended, and then the next one started. "Journal Entry #5: Alright, so, uh, I kinda got… demoted today. Apparently it isn't just a rumor anymore, it actually happened… I worked so hard for my position… and now it's all over… I better get going, I don't really feel like speaking." He said as he ended the recording. The rest of them were pretty much just him describing the previous events, and him discussing how nights as a security guard were going… until the final one. "Final Journal…" Phone Guy says, as every body covers their mouths. Alex covers her ears because she doesn't want to hear this. "5:57...I can make it….I can make it…please God! No, no, no! I need that! God, no, I'm so close please!" You can then hear a little more, but really silent. Phone Dude rewinds it a couple times. "I just wanted to make the children happy…" Phone Guy says, as the door is slammed shut. Wait a minute, making children happy… Phone Dude thought. "Guys, I got it! The other day when… me and Alex were attacked, Alex saved me by throwing a plushie that made a noise similar to a child when it hit the ground… man, we have to lure it out with the sounds of children! Put it in the truck, then drive it away! PG can't fight the power of the animatronic! It's main function is to make children happy, not even PG can overpower that!" Phone Dude says. Fritz looks at Phone Dude. "Man, that's a great idea! When is this plan going down, tomorrow?" Every body nods, Mike says "Great! Lets all get a good nights rest and end it all tomorrow. What's a good time?" They all agree on 7 AM, the earlier the better. Mike and Fritz head off to their vehicles, and Phone Dude and the rest of them head back to his vehicle.
 
Phone Dude drops Scott off back at his car, and drops Phone Guy's boss back at his house. Phone Dude and Alex arrive back at his house, and the two of them walk inside. Phone Dude looks at Alex as she's about to lay on the couch and sleep. "Hey Alex, I hope what we do tomorrow… I hope it really ends the whole Fazbear murders thing…" Phone Dude says, as Alex looks back at him and smiles. "I'm sure it will dude, without PG there's no more murders to be done." She says, as she lays on the couch and gets under the covers. Phone Dude walks to his bed, and closes his eyes. He needs his rest, all of it, for the grand finale tomorrow morning.
 
Day 7 - Saturday 

Phone Dude and Alex wake up at around 5 AM, they have a good breakfast and get ready to go. "Alright, well, Alex, man, this might be the end. But, at least we had some fun together on our way here." Phone Dude says as he lifts his hand for a high five. "Yeah, dude." She says, as she gives him a high five. Phone Dude and Alex head out to his car, and drive off to pick up Phone Guy's Boss. After picking him up, they drive to Fazbear's Fright, where Scott, Mike, and Fritz all wait to end it, they also rented a truck for them to put Springtrap in. They get out and walk towards them. "So, uh, we all ready for this?" Phone Dude said, and they all nod. "So, uh, guys how are we going to lead him out with the children noises? Like what are we going to use?" Mike asks, Phone Dude thinks for a moment. "Well, I can use my phone, as for the rest of you, just stand on the sides and make sure I'm luring him out. I'll be the bait." Phone Dude says as he goes to a YouTube video with children cheering.
 
"Alright, lets end this." Phone Guy's Boss says, as they walk inside. They hear the animatronic walking around. Rather noisily for him. "Hey, like, PG, man, come out to play!" Phone Dude says, as the rest of them hide. Springtrap jumps out from the around the corner. "Oh, hey man, glad you could come back, really missed you." Springtrap says, as he begins laughing. "Oh, I'm just joking. Just die this time, ok?" Springtrap says, Phone Dude shakes his head. "No, man, you're a child murderer. I can't let you go." Phone Dude said, and Springtrap looks at him, rather confused like. "Child murderer? What are you talkin-" Springtrap asks extremely confused, he is cut off when Phone Dude presses the button on his iPhone to play the child sounds. He then freezes and starts walking towards Phone Dude rather slowly. Trying to get near the phone. The rest of them come out of their hiding spaces. "What's wrong with me?" Springtrap says, as he is forced to follow Phone Dude. "Yeah, we got him!" Alex says, as the door slams shut behind them. "Uh, who shut the door?" Fritz asks. Every body looks around, even Springtrap. Then a few familiar faces show up.
 
Freddy Fazbear, Balloon Boy, Chica, The Puppet, and Mangle all appear around the crew, as they are all forced into a circle. "Oh God no, the hallucinations are starting." Scott said. "We have to get to the security room to fix this." Scott continues, as Springtrap laughs. "Oh look, your plan failed, now it's time to die!" Springtrap says as he jumps at the group. "They're just hallucinations, they can't harm you!" Scott says, as they run away and through Freddy, trying to get to the security room. "They can effect the environment but they can't hurt you!" Scott says. They all hear a god awful noise and have to cover their ears. Fritz says "That must be Mangle, it's trying to lure PG to us!" As they all cover their ears and run faster. Balloon Boy jumps in front of every body and jumpscares them, causing Alex to fall. Phone Dude helps pick her up. "Come on man, we're so close!" Phone Dude says, as he runs off with Alex in his arms. They eventually arrive at the security room. Scott walks over to the computer to try and ventilate the area, but he can't, it's gone on too long for it to turn off.
 
Scott looks to the group. "Yeah, I can't turn this off… it's been going on too long. We can possibly escape through the emergency exit, but we can't stop PG from following us once we open it." Scott says, as the group looks around. Mike says "But… we can't let him free, even if we got outside faster than him, that doesn't mean we can pull up children noises that fast." At that moment, Phone Guy's Boss looks around at every body, and regrets every thing he's ever done, all this he's caused. Then Springtrap was outside the window of the office, staring at every body. "Hey guys, looks like we're stuck in here together." Springtrap says, as he just stares. "Don't worry, I won't kill you fast, I'll make you suffer, then I'll kill you." Springtrap says, as every body looks in horror at him. "Like, what are we doing to do guys?" Phone Dude looks at everybody as he asks, the people shake their head and shrug.
 
Phone Guy's boss pulls out a lighter and runs over to a curtain and sets it on fire. "Every body get out of here, it may be the end for me but it's not the end for you!" He says, as he runs out of the room and runs through-out the attraction setting things on fire. "NO, you fool, if you burn the place down none of us can escape!" Springtrap says as he runs after Phone Guy's boss. "NO! We can't let him go man!" Phone Dude says, trying to run after him. Scott grabs him and says "Dude, let him go, if this is what he wants, this is what he wants. He'll be a hero." Scott says, as they all sneak out of the emergency exit. The place slowly burns to the ground, as piece by piece is consumed in flames. Phone Dude watches as him and Jonas' legacy burns to the ground. Phone Guy's Boss, nor Springtrap, ever emerge from the building. The firemen and ambulances soon arrive and ask if every one is okay as they start putting out the fire. Every one says they're fine and they all walk back to their vehicles, feeling sad to have lost Phone Guy's boss. "I'll miss that guy honestly, he may have not been the nicest guy when I knew him all those years ago, but any man courageous enough to do that is a hero in my eyes…" Scott says, as he gets into his car. Mike and Fritz then walk over. "I'm glad we helped you end this. That guy was a hero." Mike said, and Fritz said "At least that ends the Freddy Fazbear murders…" as they both walk off to their own vehicles.
 
Phone Dude stands there, deeply saddened by the loss of Phone Guy's boss. "Don't worry dude, wherever he is now, he's happier knowing he's ended what he's started." Alex says, as she gets into Phone Dude's car. Phone Dude stands there for a moment longer, looking at the smoke rising from Fazbear's Fright. It was all over, every thing he had ever dreamed of burned in that fire. There was nothing left.
 
Or so he thought.
 
 
Phone Dude walks into the auction house, watching as the surviving items from the fire are auctioned off. Phone Dude would buy something, but he's afraid that it will be another Springtrap situation. He watches as all these valuables he collected were auctioned off, and he sees one that's he has never seen before. It looked like the animatronic, but smaller. A plush version of it. A man bought it, he walked out immediately after buying it. That can't be a good thing.
 
At least it's small… that can't be too terrible, right?


Story Four – The Final Days with Purple Guy

1973
 
A father pulls into the driveway of his own house, as his ten year old son is looking through the window. The father steps out of his vehicle and walks inside the house as the child runs up to him. "Dad, dad, you're home! Why are you home so late?" The child asked. The father smiled and said "I was out late, working." The child asked "Dad, can we do something fun now, please?" The father frowned and pushed his son aside as he started walking away. "No, I'm busy." He said as he walked away, the kid frowned. "But Dad… ever since Mom left with my brother you never do anything with me anymore." The child said, the father froze in spot, and slowly turned around. "Don't ever say that to me again." The father said as he walked over to the child and pushed him to the ground. The child had tears start filling up his eyes. "I don't want to do anything with you! You're just a reminder of horrible memories!" the father said as he started to walk off. "Why didn't your mother just take you too?" He asked himself, as he walked away into the other room, leaving the young child on the floor, crying and hurt by his father.
 
That child grew up to be The Purple Guy.
 
1983

Day 1 - Purple Guy 
Monday - Starting Time: 7:00 PM 

The Purple Guy pulls up to Freddy Fazbear's Pizza to pick up his paycheck. He walks inside and sees the regional manager at the front counter where they go to pick up their checks. "Uh, hi sir. Glad to see you." PG says, as Phone Guy's Boss smiles. "Can I have my check please?" PG asks, as Phone Guy's Boss looks through the drawer and finds his. He hands it to him. "By the way, I have to let you know this… we have to let you go." Phone Guy's Boss says, as his the smile disappears from his face. PG's face gets pale and he has an immediate frown. "But sir, why? I haven't done anything wrong have I? I can improve, I swear!" PG said, but Phone Guy's Boss shook his head. "It's nothing you've done. We need to let people go, and we don't want to screw over any long time employees, so we have to let you go." He said, as PG's face got even paler. "Sir… I need this job. My father threw me out last month and I haven't any other family. I haven't seen my mother or brother in nearly 10 years sir. I'll be homeless without this job." PG says, as Phone Guy's Boss frowns. "I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do. It wasn't my decision, it was the company's. Tell you what though, I'll give you another week here just to get enough money to get on your feet until you get another job." Phone Guy's Boss says, as PG looks down, Phone Guy's Boss walks around the corner and puts his hand on PG's shoulder. "Look, I'm sorry son. There's nothing I can do. They figured we didn't really need a technician." He said, as he walked towards the two animatronics. He turns around "Here kid, you can close up tonight." He says, as he throws him the keys and PG catches them. "Just put your uniform on, it's in the back." He says, as he walks off.
 
PG, very saddened by the news of him being let go, walks into the back of the pizzeria. He slowly puts on his uniform, feeling sick to his stomach. Why did he have to feel this way all the time? He never had anything, his father hated and abused him, his mother left, he's never really met his brother, and he's never been able to keep a job for more than five months. PG sits down on a bench in the back to collect his thoughts. "I can't believe this is happening again." He says as he puts his face into his knees. He wishes somebody would've been there for him. He then lifts his face up, and it's quite red with anger. He wants revenge. Against this company, against everyone that's out to get him. He just needs to figure out how to get his revenge. PG walks outside onto the floor and Phone Guy's Boss walks over to him. "Hey, uh, do me a favor and put on the Spring Bonnie costume. We don't really have anyone else to do it right now." Phone Guy's Boss says, and he continues with "I'd really appreciate it." Then Phone Guy's Boss walks off. PG walks into the safe room to put on the costume. He puts it on and walks around in it for a few hours, taking a few breaks of course out of suit so he doesn't suffocate. "Hey you, come over here for a moment!" A teen said with her group of friends. "How does it feel to be such a loser?" She asked as they all started laughing. PG walked off, angry. At least he gets paid to do it. What is she doing here? She's too old for this place.
 
Eventually the people leave, and he is the last one left, still in his costume. He hears screaming and walks over to the safe room. "Hello, uh, is anybody in there?" PG asks, as the screaming gets louder. He opens the door and sees two children inside. One boy and one girl. "Bonnie! You saved us!" The girl said as she jumped out and the boy followed. "Who put you in there?" PG asked, trying his best to make him sound like a cartoon character. "Our older brother." The boy said, with tears running down his face. "Don't worry kids, Bonnie is here to save you!" PG said. "Tell you what kids, I'll give you a tour!" PG says, as the girl cheers and the boy is still crying. He walks around and shows them everything, and then walks back into the safe room where they started. "Glad you kids are okay! That would've been bad for business if you guys got hurt!" PG said, as he then got the greatest idea. Hurting the kids… no, that's wrong. He can't do that. The boy then said "I have to use the restroom." He walked off towards the restrooms, and it was just PG and the little girl then. "I know you're not the real Bonnie. You're just an employee." She said, and PG laughed. "Yeah, I know, I know. But hey, it's fun to be somebody you're not sometimes." He said, and the girl laughed too.
 
"Isn't it kind-of sad you work here though? I mean, this isn't a place a lot of adults go. My daddy is a business man, not a pizzeria employee." She said, PG's face started getting red under the suit from anger. "Let's not judge people now… sometimes people have to do this to make a living. Not everybody has it easy." PG said. "My Dad said everybody that works here is a loser. Especially the guys in the costumes." She said. PG was getting quite angry, and pushed the girl down. "Listen here, I didn't have a choice in this!" He said as he started kicking her chest while she was on the ground. The girl couldn't even scream due to how fast and hard he was doing it. "I had no choices in life! It was this or nothing!" PG said as he kept pounding on her chest with his robotic foot. "My father didn't love me nor did my mother! I-" He cut himself off as he noticed the girl had gotten pale. "Oh no" PG said as he noticed she wasn't breathing. "No, no, no!" He said. He tried to hide her somewhere in the safe room, and tried his best. Just then the crying boy came back in time to see. PG stood there, frozen. The crying boy quickly ran away and outside of the pizzeria. "At least he… didn't see my face." He said, as he then thought he would tell somebody that a man in a costume killed his sister. "Oh no, I'm so screwed." PG said as he took the costume off and put it in the corner. He then hid the girl enough to where nobody would see her if they came in.
 
PG then walked back to the safe room, and shut the door and locked it. He walked out slowly, and very pale. He couldn't believe what he did. He then had a grin grow across his face. This is how he can get back at the company. It's the perfect plan. He can frame somebody by putting them in the same costume he wore that night. The only question is, who will he frame? PG then got into his car and drove back to his apartment, to sleep for the night and think what his next plan will be.
 
Day 1 - Crying Child 
Monday - Starting Time: 6:00 PM


"Come on bro! Let's go to Freddy Fazbear's today!" His sister said, as they walked out the door of their house, which was pretty much around the corner of their house. "But sis… we'll be going there in a couple days. I'm having my party there…" He said, as she grabbed his hand and pulled him along. "Who cares, it's the most fun we can have on a boring Monday!" She said. They eventually arrived at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza and walked inside. The place wasn't too packed, well it was a Monday so I guess that explains it. The crying child decided to walk over to a table and take a seat. His sister walked over to him. "Come on, we can play some games." The crying child shook his head and really didn't want to. She dragged him along and made him anyway.
 
They played for a couple hours, then their brother showed up. "Hey nerds. Ready to have some fun here at Freddy Fazbear's?" He asked, as he walked up to them. Oh no, the crying child thought as he tried to run away. The older brother grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, along with his sister. "Now, now, don't run away from your older brother." He said, as he dragged them along as they kicked and screamed, trying to get free. The brother dragged them to the safe room, which was now open due to PG forgetting to close the door when he got the costume out originally, and threw them inside. Shutting and locking the door. "See you guys later tonight." The older brother said, as he walked off and outside of the pizzeria. The crying child and his sister yelled for help for about 10-15 minutes, but eventually gave up. The crying child started crying while his sister tried to find a way out.
 
"We'll never find a way out sis, just give up." He said, as the sister heard somebody outside. About an hour or two had passed. She started screaming and banging on the door, and the brother heard the person too. He started banging on it and started crying while doing so. Then all of a sudden Bonnie opened the door. Or a man in a Bonnie costume. We all know what happened after that.
 
The crying child eventually arrived home, banging on the door. The brother opened it. "You're lucky Mom and Dad are away until your birthday, or else you'd be in major trouble for coming home late." He said, as he let his little brother in. He wanted to tell his older brother what happened to his sister, but he couldn't do it. He was afraid of what his brother would say. He decided to go to his sister's room and look inside. He saw the Mangle toy sitting there. He started crying in her room, falling to his knees. He then heard a voice coming from his bedroom. He stood up, still crying, and walked out his sister's bedroom, closing the door, and walking into his own. He then looked on his bed and saw his Fredbear plush. It looked different. Its eyes were all black and they had tiny white dots. "Hello" The Fredbear plush said. The crying child couldn't believe what he was hearing. He tried to leave the room but the door was locked. "What did he do this time?" The Fredbear plush asked, as he then continued with "He locked you in your room again. Don't be scared. I am here with you." The kid then tries to knock out the door, trying to get free. He is unable to, and falls to the floor and starts crying.
 
Day 2 - Purple Guy
Tuesday - Starting Time: 5:00 PM 

Purple Guy walks into work the next day, noticing that nobody has noticed the little girl's body in the costume in the safe room. Thank God PG thought as he walked to the counter, seeing a new face. "Hello?" PG said, as the man put his hand out. "Names Jim, I'm an older employee. I helped design the building." The old employee said, as PG smiled and shook his hand. "Nice to meet you Jim, what do you happen to be doing here?" PG asked. Jim laughed. "Oh, nothing much, just trying to get a bigger paycheck than sitting in an office all the time. Decided I'd get more money this way so now I'm here." Jim says, as PG smiles. "Welcome aboard, I hope you enjoy your stay." PG says as he turns away and walks back to where the animatronics are. His smile turns into a frown as soon as he turns around. He's getting fired but this office guy gets a job? What a load of horse crap PG thought. Why can't they just stay where they are and be happy with what they got? At that moment Phone Guy's Boss walks up to Purple Guy. "Hey, would you be able to deliver something to another location? We were unable to last night, and it's not too far away." He said. PG nodded as if to say yes, and grabbed the delivery. He walked outside to his car and drove to the other pizzeria.
 
He soon arrived after about only 10 minutes. He thought it was odd another location was so close to this one, but oh well. He walked inside and walked up to one of the managers, handing him the delivery. He thanked PG and PG walked out to leave. On the way out, he saw a small child crying and looking in through the window. "What's wrong kid?" PG asked, as the kid said "I just wanted to be in there with them… my friends." PG frowned. "Oh, poor kid. Don't worry. I'll help you." PG said as he walked into his car, he looked around and saw nobody out there except himself and the kid. Everybody else was inside at the party. PG looked through his vehicle for some sort-of… special toy. He grabbed it and walked over to the kid. "Don't worry kid. I'll save you." PG says, as he steps the kid in the throat, as the kid starts tearing up, and falls to the ground and goes pale. PG smiles and runs back to his car and drives off.
 
PG then soon arrives at work and sees Phone Guy's Boss. "I delivered the package sir." Phone Guy's Boss smiles and responds with. "Thanks man, I really appreciate it. If we would've waited another day they would've been angry." He then walks away back to the front to talk to Jim about something. PG walks over to them and makes it look like he's doing something to listen in on them. "Hey, uh, we're getting that new guy in tomorrow right? John, is it?" Phone Guy's Boss asks Jim, and Jim nods. "Yep, he's going to replace that one guy as the technician. I talked to the other technician earlier. Seemed a bit nice but he's pretty odd." Jim said, as Phone Guy's Boss laughed. "Yeah, yeah. He does seem like an odd case." Phone Guy's Boss said, he then walked off. PG was quite angry and stormed over to Phone Guy's Boss and said "Hey, I'm going to take the rest of the day off. Something came up." Phone Guy's Boss nodded and said "Alright, I understand. We have enough people here for you to leave. Hope it goes well." PG then stormed out of the pizzeria and into his car, and drove off home. Feeling betrayed and hated.
 
Day 2 - Crying Child
Tuesday - Starting Time: 2:00 PM

The kid wakes up from being on the floor all night. He stands up and starts walking around his room. "You know he is hiding again." The Fredbear plush says. The child then walks over to the plush animals of the animatronics, and notices the Foxy head is gone from one of them. He then says "These are my friends." He then walks towards the door and Fredbear plush says "He won't stop until you find him." Once he says that, the crying child walks out of the room. He walks past his sister's room and into the living room, he walks up to the TV and then his brother jumps out. Scaring him. He falls on the floor and breaks into tears.
 
Day 3 - Purple Guy
Wednesday - Starting Time: 1:00 PM

PG walks into work once again and walked up to the counter to see Jim once more. "Hey Jim, any news?" PG asked, and Jim nodded "Actually… yes. You know that location that you went to yesterday? Apparently a kid got killed out front." Jim said, PG had a real serious face after that. "Oh my God, any idea who did it?" PG asked, and Jim shook his head. "No idea, nobody witnessed it at all. Apparently the kid was trying to get into the party inside and somebody killed him while he was outside." Jim said, and PG nodded "Well, this is quite surprising. If anymore news comes up make sure to tell me." PG said, as he walked away from Jim and walked towards the animatronics.
 
PG then bumped into the regional manager. "Oh hey. Nice to see you again." Phone Guy's Boss said as he pulled out a clipboard with several assignments. "Hey, I need to you to check the suits in the backroom. One of the employees here is going to be the new technician, and here he is now." Phone Guy's Boss says as John walks up. "This is John. Would you care to take John to the safe room and show him where the suits are and how to repair them if an error occurs?" Phone Guy's Boss asked, and PG nodded his head as if to say yes. "Perfect. Have fun you two." Phone Guy's Boss says as PG and John walk into the safe room together.
 
"So, uh, John. Are you excited about being the technician?" PG asks, John nodded his head "Sure am, I've always loved robotics so working on these things ought to be great." He said, PG smiled. "Hey, would you mind putting this costume on? Just to see if it fits and works, mind you." PG asks. John nods "Sure. Whatever you say." John puts on the Spring Bonnie costume PG wore last night when he killed that girl. "Fits fine, seems like it is working fine too." John said. "Make sure you move around a bit. We won't know unless we have a problem while in motion." PG said, as John started moving around a bit more. "Still seems fine to me." John says, and PG smiles even more "Oh, keep trying. Trust me. It may need repairs. Jump around a bit." PG says, John says "Are you sure? This might be kind-of dangerous." PG laughs "Of course it's not, it's perfectly fine. That suit couldn't hurt a fly." PG said. "But wait, here, let me put this on." PG said as he put the Spring Bonnie head on him. He then noticed the door was open and saw the crying child in the doorway looking in. Oh no he thought, as he quickly shut the door. He must've only been there a moment. He could have sworn nobody was looking a minute ago. Oh well, at least he didn't see his face last night to know for sure.
 
"Alright, keep moving John." PG said as John listened. He started hopping up and down. Just then, the spring locks gave out as John heard the noise. "Uh… is this right?" John said. PG smiled "Yep, perfectly fine." PG said, just then there was a snap and John fell over limp. "Well, I didn't say it couldn't hurt a human." PG said with a smile. He then took the head off and noticed that John was pale. John was dead. PG smiled even wider. PG turned it back into a suit and John slid into the bottom of the suit. All you could see was his hair, and you could barely see that. PG then put an out of order sign on the Spring Bonnie and walked out of the safe room, and locking the door behind him.
 
PG then walked by Phone Guy's Boss who was in a Fredbear costume and he saw the crying child on the floor in the fetal position crying as Phone Guy's Boss tried to cheer him up. The crying child looked up and saw PG, and PG just smiled at him and walked away. The crying child then stood up and ran away, past Phone Guy's Boss. "Wait kid!" Phone Guy's Boss said. Phone Guy's Boss then asked "Hey, where's John?" to PG. PG turned around and said "Oh, he said he had to go. He forgot that he had an emergency to attend to or something. That's what he told me." PG said. Phone Guy's Boss nodded and walked off hoping to give enjoyment to other children. A few hours passed and PG's shift was finally over. He clocked out and left to go back to his apartment.
 
Day 3 - Crying Child
Wednesday - Starting Time: 2:00 PM

"Come on little man! Let's get you to the pizzeria!" His brother said, as the crying child kept crying and crying. "Stop being such a baby." His brother said, as he dragged him inside of the pizzeria. "Have fun." His brother said, as he walked out of the pizzeria, leaving him there. The crying child sat in the fetal position on the floor, crying. "He left without you. He knows that you hate it here. You are right beside the exit. If you run, you can make it." The Fredbear plush said. The crying child was still on the floor crying. "Hurry, run toward the exit." The Fredbear plush said, then the crying child stood up and walked toward the exit. Phone Guy's Boss in a Fredbear costume walked in front of him. "Hey, where are you going kid? The party's in here!" Phone Guy's Boss said. "It's too late. Hurry the other way and find someone who will help! You know what will happen if he catches you!" The Fredbear plush said, as the kid walked in the other direction towards the animatronics.
 
Just then, the kid walked in front of a doorway and saw PG putting the Bonnie helmet on another employee. PG then saw him after he put the helmet on, and shut the door. The crying child didn't want to stick around to know what that was all about, and kept walking towards the animatronics. "You can find help if you can get past them. You have to be strong." The Fredbear plush said. He then saw their shadows by the tables, and he took a few steps and couldn't handle it. He fell to the ground and went into tears. Phone Guy's Boss then came up behind him and tried to comfort him, but it was no use. The crying child then saw PG walk by, and saw him smile. After that, the crying child stood up and ran out past Phone Guy's Boss and back to his house.
 
Day 4 - Purple Guy
Thursday - Starting Time: 3:00 PM 


It's a brand new day of work for the Purple Guy. He decided to walk there today. He only has two days left. He walks inside and sees a detective on the inside, looking around. PG walks over to Jim. "Uh, Jim, what's he doing here?" PG asks, Jim responds by saying "Oh, remember that murder the other day? Well the police are over at the other location and they decided to check around here too. They don't know if the killer could be going to both locations." PG nods his head. "Oh, okay…" PG says, as he walks away from Jim. He walks over to the detective. "Hello detective, is there anything I can help you with?" PG asked. The detective nods his head. "Actually, there is. Have you noticed any suspicious activity?" The detective asks. PG thinks for a moment. "Of a matter of fact, I have. One of our employees went missing a few days ago and never returned to work." PG says, as the detective writes it down. "Anything else?" The detective asks. "Nope, not that I can think of at the moment." PG says.
 
"Well, thanks, if you hear anything else, please let us know." The detective says as he walks off in the other direction to look around some more. He watches as the detective walks past the safe room. PG wipes his forehead from the sweat. At that moment, Phone Guy's Boss walks over. "God, this is pretty strange, eh?" Phone Guy's Boss says, and PG nods his head. "What kind-of sick monster could kill kids?" Phone Guy's Boss says once again. PG shrugs "No idea, sir. Maybe somebody that has some vendetta against small children or the pizzeria or something." PG says, as Phone Guy's Boss responds by saying "Yeah, yeah. Perhaps. Well, uh, just make sure nothing happens here, okay? We don't want any of that kind-of attention, even if a sister location is getting it. That wouldn't look good for our company." Phone Guy's Boss says, and then continues by saying "We're going to be closing a bit early today. Just make sure everyone is out by 4." Phone Guy's Boss then walks outside of the pizzeria, which isn't having much business today. About 30 minutes later it's nearly completely empty, and PG decides to walk into the safe room to check on some things.
 
He walks in the back and sees John still in the suit, untouched. He then looks in the spot he put the crying child's sister and she's still there untouched. Thank God, he thought. He might be able to get away with this. All he needs to do is make sure John is the one that gets framed. He's dead anyways, doesn't really matter to him now PG thought as he grinned. PG then walked out of the backroom, and it was about 3:55 now. He figured he'd close up early due to nobody else being there. PG walked outside and saw a little girl with a plush of Spring Bonnie. PG walked over to the little girl. "That's a nice Bonnie figure you got." PG said, as the girl smiled. "Thanks, my daddy gave it to me." She said, PG smiles back. "I can get you a Fredbear one too if you want! Just come back inside!" PG says, as he walks back up to the door and unlocks it. The girl follows him inside. "Come on, there's a secret room where they are!" PG said, as he walked her into the safe room. He shut the door behind her. "Sir, where's the Fredbear plushes?" She asks. "Oh, they're around here somewhere." He opens a box in the back and starts looking through it. "Oh, are they in there?" She asks. PG nods and smiles. "Yep, just give me a second to look through it." PG says.
 
PG finds a knife in the box, and hides it from the girl. "Hey, come over here, I think I found it." PG says, as the girl comes closer. PG then stabs her in the neck, just like he did to the one at the other pizzeria. The girl falls to the floor. He then puts on a pair of gloves that were back there and puts her in the spot he put the other girl. PG wipes the handle part of the knife and leaves the blood on the blade, and then puts it next to the suit that John is in. PG smiles and walks out. He then locks the safe room door and walks out of the pizzeria, and locks that door as well. PG then sees another group of kids outside. A chubby boy, a red head girl, and a blonde girl with toys of the animatronics. PG smiled, as he walked over to the group, and made sure nobody else was around.
 
Day 4 - Crying Child
Thursday - Starting Time: 3:30 PM


"Come on little man, are you ready to have a good time here again?" His brother said, as he kept dragging him. The crying child said "Please… let me go home." His brother laughed and shook his head. "No way brat, you're going to have a good time here!" His brother said. His brother walked through the doors of the pizzeria as PG shut the door of the safe room. The crying child fell on the floor and started crying. "Man up." His brother said, as he left. The crying child then heard the Fredbear plush again, and it said "You have to get up. You can get out this time, but you have to hurry." The crying child stood up, and walked out the door. Phone Guy's Boss wasn't there this time to stop him.
 
He walked outside and he saw a little girl, he walked over to her. "Where is your plush toy? Mine is Spring Bonnie. My Daddy says I have to be careful with him or I will pinch my finger. He is a finger trap, he says." She said, as the crying child walked away from her. He then walked towards another girl, she all of a sudden started talking to him. "You'd better watch out! I hear they come to life at night. And if you die, they hide your body and never tell anyone. Why do you look so worried? See you at the party! Ha ha ha!" She said, as the crying child rushed away from her, still with tear drops coming down his face.
 
He then went up to one of his brothers friends. "Aren't you the kid who always hides under the tables and cries?" He asks, the crying child doesn't answer, but the guy keeps talking. "Hahaha, no one else is scared! Why are you? Stop being such a baby!" He says, the kid then walks away crying even harder. He then walks to a playground and sees a little girl there. She asks "Why are you crying? Don't you like my toy collection?" The crying child walks away from her as well. Then he sees a chubbier kid with a balloon "Are you going to the party? Everyone is going to the party. Oh wait, you have to go! It's YOUR birthday! Haha!" He walks off from him as well. He's almost home. Hopefully nobody else interrupts him.
 
He walks inside and sees the Fredbear plush sitting on the couch. "Be careful." He says, as he walks past him and into the hallway. He then goes into his bedroom. He notices it's too quiet. He then steps a foot more inside and his brother jumps out from under the bed, causing the kid to fall to the ground and cry even harder.
 
Day 5 - Purple Guy
Friday - Starting Time: 6:00 PM


Purple Guy walks into the pizzeria once again. He notices that there are even more detectives today. Jim walks up to him. "So, just to update you on what's going on. Apparently 4 kids went missing the other day. Outside our pizzeria. I think we're going to have to be closing down for a while after tomorrow's party." Jim said, and continued by saying "So, we're all pretty much losing our job. At least for now." PG was happy, but on the outside he couldn't show that, PG frowned. "Oh, that's too bad. Hopefully those kids are alright." PG says, as Phone Guy's Boss comes up from behind. "Let us all hope so. Our jobs depend on it." Phone Guy's Boss says, as he walks away to speak to the detectives some more. Jim then said "By the way, we're closing in about 15 minutes. They decided they wanted us to leave early." PG nodded, and walked away from Jim. He was finally getting what he wanted. Revenge. Sweet revenge. This company backstabbed him, he'll stab them back even stronger he thought. They still haven't looked in the safe room yet apparently, apparently they're going to tomorrow. Nobody has gone back there due to the fact the place hasn't had much business these past few days, so there's no reason to get the costumes out.
 
The pizzeria is about to close, and PG is the only one in there once again besides the officers and detectives. PG leaves and decided to walk there once again today, so he starts walking home. He then gets the idea to visit the other location, and starts walking there. He arrives about 20 minutes later and walks inside, noticing not a whole lot of people are in there, not even employees.
 
PG walks up to the front counter to one of the workers. "So, uh, what's been going on here?" PG asks, and the guy at the counter shrugs. His name tag says Tom. "Uh, you know, people searching for a killer. The usual stuff." He says, as PG laughs and shakes his head. "Yeah, yeah, that's happening at my location too. Hey, tell you what, my location closed earlier than yours. How about you head home and I lock up for you? I'll leave the keys in the plant outside." PG says. Tom can't argue with that, and agrees to do so. Tom leaves, and PG is now the only employee inside. PG smiles with a huge grin as he sees a group of four children. Perfect, PG thought to himself. As he turns off the lights and walks towards the group with a huge grin.
 
Day 5 - Crying Child
Friday - Starting Time: 6:00 PM

The kid is once again being dragged back to the pizzeria by his older brother. He's pretty much given up on his brother stopping these actions. He gets dragged inside, but this time it's different. "Let's make sure you don't come home tonight!" His brother says, as he grabs the door to the safe room, and somehow it's unlocked. He throws him inside, and the door automatically locks from the inside. "Please let me out." He begged his brother, no answer, all he heard was laughing from the other side of the door from his brother. "PLEASE!" He shouted, the brother still kept laughing. The crying child then fell on the floor and started crying and said "….please let me out…." Nothing but laughter was heard, and the brother walked away. He was stuck in there all night.
 
Day 6 - Purple Guy
Saturday - Starting Time: 12:00 PM

Purple Guy was walking into work and saw that the safe room door was open. Oh no, he thought. He walked over to the door and saw the officers inside. The detective from the other day walked up to him and grabbed his shoulder. "Hello sir, this is a bit of an odd case. We can't find the bodies of the missing children anywhere. They weren't in the safe room or anything, there was a kid in there all night last night, but it was apparently a mean prank by his brother, he just went home after." The detective said, as PG then realized that the kid in there was the crying child who was in there before. "Oh… well, that's good that we haven't found any dead kids yet… maybe they just ran away from home or something." PG said, as the detective nodded. "Perhaps so." He then noticed one of the officers checking out the Bonnie suit. They found the hair of John in it. They put on a pair of gloves and lifted John's dead body out. "Oh my God." The detective said as he ran over to the dead body. "It looks like this guy was the killer. We were getting reports that the man who took the kids was wearing an employee uniform… looks like the guy must've triggered the spring locks in the suit and killed himself while possibly trying to attack a kid." The detective said, but then continued with. "This is most likely the outcome, the only question is, where are the kids?" He asked the other officers. They kept looking around, but the children's bodies were nowhere to be found. They shut the door on PG, and then PG walked away to find Phone Guy's Boss.
 
He wondered how the kid's bodies disappeared, he didn't move them, and nobody else has been in there except that kid. But he was locked in all night. How could this happen? Just then Phone Guy's Boss came up to him. "Well, looks like we are going to be closing for a while after today. There's apparently 9 missing children. Four here, five at the other location." Phone Guy's Boss says, as he puts his hand over his face. "Ugh… why did this have to happen for?" He asks himself. PG frowns and shrugs. On the outside, PG looks upset, on the inside PG is quite happy. He completely ruined this place and got away with it. He hopes this junk heap stays closed forever. Phone Guy's Boss then says "We close today after the party, the other location closes Wednesday, but you will be able to work there tomorrow if you want." Phone Guy's Boss says, as he walks away. He certainly will, PG thought to himself.
 
 
A group of four kids then comes in and surround the crying child, who PG just noticed was there. They grab him and start taking him over to the animatronic as he starts crying and trying to break free. "What's going on?" He asked, but the kids didn't stop. They kept dragging him towards the Fredbear animatronic. He then watched as they threw his head inside of it. A couple seconds later, bam, the animatronic reverts back into a suit, crushing the kids head. PG then runs over to a phone and calls 911. The ambulance soon arrives and carries the kid out as the brother and his friends sit there, shocked. PG can't believe how lucky he is. The only kid that witnessed one of his murders, the only one that got away, is now out of the picture. He has nothing to worry about anymore. He watches as Phone Guy's Boss and Jim run around frantically trying to calm people down. Eventually, everyone leaves, including PG, as the place closes its doors. He did it, he won. He beat Freddy Fazbear's Pizza.
 
Day 6 - Crying Child
Saturday - Starting Time: 7:00 AM

The crying child woke up surrounded by officers. They asked the crying child if he was alright, and he nodded his head up and down. "It was just my brother…" The crying child said, as he stood up and walked out of the room. He had to come back in a few hours, so he might as well just leave now to get it over with. He walks out of the pizzeria and goes home. He arrives home and sees his brother sleeping on the couch next to the television. He quietly sneaks past and gets into his bedroom.
 
A few hours pass, and he goes to the pizzeria. He tried his best to pull through for his party, he promises himself he will never go there again afterwards. He goes inside, and falls down, right in front of the closed safe room door. About a minute later, his brother and three friends come in, all wearing a mask of the different animatronics. His brother was Foxy. "Wow, your brother is kind-of a baby, isn't he?" said the one with the Bonnie mask, the brother responds with "It's hilarious. Why don't we let him get a closer look! He will love it!" He says, the crying child hears this and says "No please!" The brother quickly says "Come on guys, let's give this little man a lift. He wants to get up close and personal!" The group picks up the crying child and starts heading towards Fredbear. The kid is crying and trying to break free and says "No! I don't want to go!" As his brother says "You heard the little man! He wants to get even closer! Hahaha!" They then get up to the stage and the brother says "Hey guys. I think the little man said he wants to give Fredbear a big kiss! On three, one... two…" and they throw him in the mouth of Fredbear. They start laughing as he struggles and cries inside. Then it happens.
 
 
The mouth closes, the brother and his friends watch in horror and are filled with regret. PG calls 911, and the child is pulled out and rushed to the hospital.
 
Day 7 - Sunday
The Final Chapter


Purple Guy walked out of the safe room of the other location, having moved the Bonnie suit. He wasn't supposed to, but who cares. He leaves early, deciding his work there is done. There's no point in staying around anymore. PG walks outside and sees a Fredbear plush on the ground. He picks it up. All of a sudden, he feels something. Like he needs to go visit the crying child in the hospital. PG walks to his vehicle and drives off to see the kid in the hospital.
 
He arrives, and sees Phone Guy's Boss standing in front of the door. "Hello, I see you brought him a gift. That's nice." Phone Guy's Boss says, he then says one last thing "Apparently a guy at one of the other locations was killed in one of the spring lock costumes as well. Even if we do re-open, we'll never be able to use those suits again due to the three people that have died by them this week." He then opens the door for PG. PG walks into the room, seeing the kid hooked up to all those machines. He puts the Fredbear plush next to him, and PG smiles. He stays in there for a couple moments before he decides to leave. He walks out of the room, and towards wherever the future may lead him now. He's just glad Fazbear Entertainment won't be part of it. PG gets into his car, and drives off. He decides to visit the pizzeria one last time. He drives by and sees the kid that was in the Freddy mask the other day sitting in front of the building. PG pulls over, and decides to do something for the crying child after all. Take out one of the kids that got him put into that coma. PG is so happy he'll be done after this. But we all know he won't be.
 
"I'm sorry." The Fredbear plush says, as the kid is all of a sudden in a dark room, on the floor crying, as Fredbear is floating there, and behind him are the stuffed animals in his room. "You're broken." The Fredbear plush says, as the kid continues to cry. "We are still your friends." The Fredbear plush says, the Foxy plush then disappears. "Do you still believe that?" The Fredbear plush asks, and the Chica plush disappears. "I'm still here." The Fredbear plush says, and the Bonnie plush disappears. "I will put you back together." The Fredbear plush says, as he then disappears. The crying child then flatlines.
 
????

All the spirits are gathered around a table, waiting for the last slice of cake to be delivered. The Puppet came in with the last slice of cake for the party, putting it on the table as all the spirits stood around it. They were finally free from the Purple Guy, and the crying child finally had his birthday party.
 

Day 8 
Sunday
 
"Management has also been made aware that the spring Bonnie animatronic has been noticeably moved. We would like to remind employees that this costume is not safe to wear under any circumstances. Thank you and remember to smile; you are the face of Freddy Fazbear's Pizza." Phone Guy said, as he ended his recording for the training tapes. "I wonder who is stupid enough to wear that suit." Phone Guy said, as he stood up and stretched.
 
"Well, at least I'm done with those recordings for today. Time to move on to the next one." Phone Guy said. He then sat back down in his chair and pulled out a recorder. "Hello, uh, hey. Hi. So, uh, the regional manager told me that if the place ever re-opens, I'll be getting the manager's position! I'm so excited, well, uh, that is if we ever re-open. Anyway, still exciting stuff." Phone Guy says, as he yawns in his chair. "Yeah, so, I guess that's the end of things. I don't really have much more to say on the matter. I guess this is it." Phone Guy says, as he ends the recording.
 
He then stands up to leave, but notices a phone off of the machine. He smiles, and walks over to the phone and picks it up, he looks at it for a moment. He then places it on the machine and he walks off.




