The Zombie Hunter's Bible
Raymund Hensley

Copyright 2011 by Raymund Hensley
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved
Cover design by the author
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com

Smashwords License Statement
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. All rights reserved.

REVIEWS

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

“Enjoy this book {while you can}…because you won't be laughing when the zombies come! A must-have for people with zombie-shelters in their basements, because Armageddon is boring and entertainment is hard to come by in a basement.”
-Ron Cunningham “The Horrorist,” Editor
www.horrorwatch.com

“Raym C. Hensley – with his Zombie Hunter's Guide – has found a new use for the alphabet. An ethical and practical manual for survival in the great Zombie apocalypse. Don’t go to the Mall without it!”
-Tom Sullivan, The Evil Dead, 
www.darkageproductions.com

“A wry and erudite tome that belongs on the shelf of every dedicated Zombie Hunter!”
-John McLean
Writer/Director of Z: A ZOMBIE MUSICAL

WARNING
This book is a work of fiction. The information contained within these pages is for entertainment purposes only.


CONTENTS

Preface – Understanding the Zombie
CHAPTER ONE
Preparation
The Professional Hunter of THE UNDEAD
Ethics – the hunter’s code
A history of hunting
Types
The Legends
Mistakes
The future
The Unsafe Zombie
Ethics – the zombie code
A history of eating
Zombie types
Legends
Training
Skills
Dieting
Weapons
Exercising
Creating your Practice Zombie
Tool Kit
Things you need
Things you don’t need
Dress code
Choosing the Sidekick
Skills
Attitude
Health
Vomiting
The Sidekick’s Code
Pay rate
Insurance
Sample application
Orientation sheet
CHAPTER TWO
The Journey & The Hunt
On the Road
Vehicle
Rest stops, Allowed
Sleep
Foods
The authorities: “Lies & Diversions”
Searching the Zombie
Undead clues
Trapping the Zombie
Creating Zombie traps
Containing the zombie
Obtaining the zombie “sample”
Disposal
Fight
Proper Zombie Calling
Proper Human Identification
The FEAR of killing 
Fighting against a zombie and/or his parts
Forms of Zombie Attack, or: HOW THEY TRICK YOU
Attack Strategies:
—Against single zombie
—Against zombie groups
Zombie decomposition, Results from
Proper ‘Weaponry Transplant’ procedures
Hunting in Zombie Infested Territories
Forests
Deserts
Cemeteries
Houses
Mansions
Churches
Supermarkets
Bathrooms
Boats
Mountains
Shopping malls
Cabins
Food
What is starvation?
How to properly cook a zombie*
Illness
Unleashing your bodily waste
Proper fecal matter disposal
Proper urine & fecal matter locations
The perils of bodily waste consumption
Sexual intercourse
Choosing the right zombie
Protection
Cleaning up
How Zombies View our Dimension
Disguising Yourself As A Zombie
Rewards & Tribulations
Moaning, Walking, and Eating
A Zombie’s Fashion Sense
How to Develop your Sense of Hearing
Living Dead Animals
Persona
IF YOU ARE BITTEN
A Philosophical theory
Going Home
Transporting your zombie
Surprising stops
Police avoidance
Properly walking your zombie toward your home
Handling the Neighbors with Love
—The Female Orgasm
Creating your very own Zombie Storage Facility
Tools & necessities
CHAPTER THREE
Benefits
The Zombie Employee
Maids
Personal Bather
Security guards
On Selling
Where to sell your zombie
What is a good set-price?
The Smart Seller or How not to get scammed
APPENDIX
Zombie Transformation Agencies
Zombie Recipes
Retirement

ABOUT AUTHOR

BOOK PREVIEW
How I Met Barbara The Zombie Hunter



Preface
THIS MANUAL is written for the novice interested in becoming a Professional Hunter of The Living Dead. They will learn tips, tricks, and tactics which have served countless experts throughout the centuries. Veteran huntsmen will also benefit from this book, sure to find a plethora of useful information they may have forgotten or never knew existed. 
The contents of this book were obtained through conversations and outings with an actual zombie hunter only to be known as “Barbara”. Zombies discussed in this book are of the undead nature. The zombie is: A reanimated cadaver. Following the death of the body, the corpse is brought back from the dead by supernatural means. The body’s sole intention then becomes the consumption and eradication of the living.  
Viral-infected bodies will be analyzed and respected, but will not be emphasized. These bodies have not died, therefore are NOT zombies. These people are merely sick, and in need of immediate medical attention. The living dead mentioned in this book will carry all of the following traits:
1. A risen corpse – regardless of years deceased as long as skull is intact (it is possible to experience a “Skeletal Zombie”)
2. Has an intense hunger for flesh (human or animal, male or female)
3. Has no memory of former self and of loved ones
4. No memory of proper etiquette habits
5. The inability to run
6. No sense of self worth; possibly depressed
7. Suddenly possessing short bursts of speed and/or surprising strength
8. Feels no love toward babies or any age group (the zombie’s primary emotion is malice – especially toward the elderly)
9. Demise only by complete brain annihilation
10. The zombie is not a racist
The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will instruct you on slaying, finding, capturing, feeding, grooming, and hurting the zombie. The goal of any zombie hunter is a clear one: To find and capture and/or hurt the Undead without becoming one of them. To become successful in any trade, one must adhere to all procedures and become a wealth of knowledge on said profession. Only then can she or he rectify any sort of unexpected problem.
The above applies gravely to all hunters of the living dead. A knowing hunter stays a living hunter. It is this book’s wish that you eventually learn on your own – learn new tips, new tricks, and new tactics – and teach those behind you. Knowledge kept within is wasted Education. The teachings in this guide are relatively simple to learn, yet wonderfully effective. Many have argued them to be the most important lessons in the world. Hunters who have followed these rules have moved on to become successful artists, writers, actors, and lovers.
Remember to constantly baffle the zombie.
Remember to harass their brain matter.
And above all else, believe in them.
Because they believe in you.
—RCH

CHAPTER ONE
Preparation

The Professional Hunter of THE UNDEAD
Ethics
Without morals, the zombie hunter is no greater than a member of the undead. The hunter must be a saint in spirit: Courteous, grateful, loving. Those with unclean hearts must not hunt the living dead. They do so with ulterior motives, tainted with wickedness, resulting in (as history has shown) human casualties, a ruined hunt, and an emotionally scarred sidekick. Being on a hunt for a prolonged period of time will result in hostile behavior between Hunter & Sidekick due to the eventual lack of sustenance, confines in foreign surroundings, and work stress. 
Respect your sidekick. DO NOT let them be murdered by a zombie. You are responsible for their education and their safety. If you find him/her in dire struggle with a member of the living dead, save them regardless of emotional ties. You are both on the field to do a job. When it is completed, only then are you both allowed to go your separate ways and express the intense feelings you feel toward each other.
Most important of all – an ethical teaching rather difficult for many to learn: See yourself as an equal to the zombie.
You and the zombie are brothers of war. When you fight, do so with courage and honor. The ego must be left behind before going into combat with a zombie. Being too proud – underestimating your opponent or not consulting your sidekick – can lead to misjudgment…and death. When destroying the undead, one frees them. For every zombie killed via head-annihilation, an angel gets his wings.
In the end, forgive the zombie, for they know not what they do. 
They are babies. 
Evil babies.


A History of Hunting
Information relating to the first zombie hunters dates back to caveman days. Filipino archaeologists in 1979 discovered two cave paintings, depicting surprised men and women mingling (or brawling) with strange humanoid creatures, later determined by the archaeologists, unanimously, to be zombies. One painting shows a caveman, holding back a prehistoric zombie with a sharp stick. In another, a cavewoman throws a big rock over the living dead, breaking its head. The cavewoman stares at the brain. She does not know what to do.
It was the Filipinos who made a startling revelation, writing an immediate article to the scientific journal The Filipina Scientist:  
“You will find, in these crude cave paintings, utmost proof that not only did zombies exist in caveman times, but our own ancestors knowingly ate brain, and unknowingly ate putrid, zombie brain matter, tainting the bloodlines of all races for ever and ever. Amen.”
—Dario Fumoria, Lead Archeologist
The article was immediately sent back to the archeologists in a stained envelope with the word “NO” written on it in large letters. The article – although surprisingly short at forty-four words – failed to mention that the zombie’s “brain matter” only takes effect, if indeed eaten, after the consumer’s death. Not having their article published did nothing but put them in a mild depression and later force them to continue their research – which included analyzing the cave paintings and doing routine “stain tests” on the walls of various caves. 
Mr. Fumoria named the brave man and woman in the paintings Cake and Rainbow, after his own children. He vowed to keep searching for more paintings involving Cake and Rainbow, traveling the world in the name of archeology – from France to Germany, to Afghanistan to North Dakota. Eventually, he found himself in India, where he died painfully from a mysterious Foot & Mouth disease. In September 19th of 2oo2, eyewitnesses reported that government officials raided his home in North Dakota and hauled large paintings, covered by blankets, into a black van. These officials burned his house down while drinking wine.
The paintings discovered by Mr. Fumoria were never seen again. In a recent interview on The View, his associates now claim that he drugged them and did “sexy things” to them and put them under hypnosis, making them believe they were cave paintings of zombies. Cake and Rainbow were never seen in any other paintings or comic books. 
Hunters appeared during the following decades in texts and illustrations from all over the globe. We give thanks and praise to these brave women and men who have put their lives on the line to save humanity from the living dead.
Many of them have been wrongfully accused of being in cahoots with the undead, blamed on many occasions for “conjuring” zombies for the sole purpose of charging villages ridiculous fees to vanquish them. Zombie hunters were (and still are) feared for their peculiar occupation. Throughout history, we have learned that people dread what they don’t understand. 
They question a hunter’s motivations, methods, and mental status. It wasn’t (and still isn’t) surprising to find hunters burned or hung for insanity by the church. More often than not, this was done out of haste, resulting in the loss of many innocent lives and animal suicides.
Today we find them in mental institutions and high security prisons, where they are ridiculed and humiliated and raped to no end. It is advised that hunters perform their noble deeds in secrecy for fear of prosecution.


Types
Zombie hunters come in all shapes and sizes and colors. They all have different styles and strategies – all of which, if studied with a critical eye, can prove quite beneficial on or off the field. The following is a critique of the four most popular Hunter personalities. 
They are not recommended.
The Shy Hunter
Hunters of a quiet nature are the most patient. His determination is much admired by all. He will wait in the bushes, holding his weapon close to heart…waiting, surveying the terrain for any sort of movement.
Unfortunately, this hunter is timid.
If terror happens to creep up behind him, the shy hunter has been observed to leap up in fright and shriek in a female tone and run away with amazing speed. If ever abandoned in such a manner, the sidekick is not allowed to leave the area. She or he must convince him or herself that this is a learning experience and complete the hunt thoroughly. 
The Mad Hunter
Many who attempt to hunt the dead have taken an angry persona. The belief is that if one is overwhelmed with hate towards the undead, one will be inspired to “stand his ground” and finish the hunt. It is a forceful way of thinking. Many a hunter have found this style useful, more often than not reporting sudden feats of strength while under pressure during an attack. In one case, a hunter was seen lifting up the front of a car to free his sidekick, who was pinned underneath, and crying. 
However, these individuals are prone to suicidal tendencies.  A 1969 Hawaiian survey concluded that 9 out of 10 Angry Hunters admitted to cutting their forearms with facial and leg razors for attention. It is a cry for help. They sit, yoga-style and light candles while listening to miserable music. The marks they dig into their skin are always shallow in depth and disturbing in shape. Many make happy faces and carve words such as Hello and Cube.
However, the smart ones disfigure their thighs so no one can see. Beware the wise cutter. This branch of saddened, Angry Hunter wallows in self-pity and cares not for attention. 
They must be feared because they cut their arms daily while in a weeping phase. They can also be identified by their continuous repetition of “Come in with the elk, come in with the elk, come in with the elk.” In such instances, the sidekick must stay away and report them to the local authorities at all costs due to mental reasons.
The Fast Hunter
Works at an incredible speed due to impatience, usually resulting in sloppiness and death. The job is done, but at what cost? The sidekicks of such impulsive hunters have been seen completing the hunt and burying their mentors in shallow graves, leading to grief, loneliness, contemplation, and in some cases…cannibalism.
The Slow Hunter
Works at an upsetting speed due to laziness and or hunger. Sometimes mistaken for a zombie by other zombies. To avoid falling into this category of hunter, you would do well to get at least 11 hours of sleep, eat healthy, and to exercise daily – this includes, but not limited to, jogging, hopping, speed-walking, speed-jogging, pull-ups, pull-down, sit-ups, sit-downs, leg raises, neck raises, head pulls, arm straightening, thigh pounding, back raising, feet stomping, and lifting. 
It is not surprising to hear of sidekicks accidentally shooting The Slow Hunter.


The Legends
Talofa Batesman
Age: 34
Nationality: Samoan
Called “When Thunder Cries” by natives in Samoa, Talofa Batesman goes on record for killing the most zombies during a single night in 1833.
His exploits can be read in the Samoan novel This is Thunder written by Yahweh Telemalima:
“…and so Talofa stood in the field where his family was murdered by these unholy of bodies – bodies covered by mud and feces…bodies that stood in the night under the hard rain. Some walked toward Talofa. Many put their hands on his shocked belly and slept standing up. Two hours later, afraid for his life and tired from standing up for two hours, Talofa cut off their heads and ate their heads the next morning. He didn’t share with the village. And then he fashioned a boat made from the bones of the walking dead and sailed away into the sea for unknown, exciting reasons… Fofo Patterson, a high Samoan priest on a neighboring island, found Talofa sleeping on the beach, his arms wrapped around a zombie skeleton. Fofo’s famous last words on his death stool many years later were: “Oh God…he was naked, and ever staring. Therefore, he was zombie. I cut off his head. And then I put the head on a boat and it sailed away into the night. Listen to me now. This is important. Jesus Christ…I saluted it.”
—This is Thunder, page 1
Talofa’s body was later recovered by his family and, for fear of plague, it was agreed that his corpse be burned and painted and torn apart by the limbs – each one tied to a random, four-legged animal, which were set loose into the wild for religious explanations.
Cecil Toots
Age: 18
Nationality: White
In 1435, the world met the first “child” zombie hunter. All that is known of her comes from a torn manuscript found in Persia by a blind woman. It begins by describing a young, ugly girl who is in the process of being raped by a burly woodsman, apparently calling himself Sweet Tongue. 
The tale is as follows: 
“…And yes once Sweet fell himself onto her, then it was then that this man called Sweet Tongue felt cold fingers around his tickled spine. Sweet, yes, he yelled out “Oh no, my Lord do not forsake me! For the skinny fingers at my back belong to those of lame corpses back from the great home of Death!”… And yes Sweet he did try to run but it was foolish for then the dead bodies oh these bodies that have risen from the grave they slapped their hands around his thighs and ate at him…Cecil Toots killed the dead things.”
—Unknown manuscript
page number destroyed
Dr. Van Helsing
Age: 80
Nationality: Unknown
The most popular and beloved of all hunters, Dr. Van Helsing, is known for slaying the king of “blood suckers” known as The Dracula, who resided in Transylvania. This vampire spawned many children with many women – offspring that also bore the title of “The Dracula”. 
In the Philippines he is called The Dingus; in Germany, Dongalinger; and in Japanese Land he goes by the distinction of Japanese Dracula, portrayed respectfully in the anime Vampire Hunter D, directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri, who also worked on The Animatrix and Highlander: Vengeance.
It is unheard of whether Dr. Van Helsing did battle against these bonus Draculas. Little is actually known about him after his foray with the Transylvanian vampire. Speculation grew that he was actually bitten and therefore turned into a vampire himself! Later committing suicide by swimming until the sun rose. Some think he began a successful bicycle shop in China, and learned Cantonese, a language he spoke fluently.
And yet, there are those that believe, to this very day, that he married a princess. 
Dr. Van Helsing’s most famous exploits were recently displayed in the 2004 film creatively titled Van Helsing. He was brilliantly portrayed in an Oscar worthy performance by a veteran of theatre and Broadway, actor’s actor Hugh Jackman.


Mistakes
Not all zombie hunters are intelligent or strong-willed enough to handle the stresses of this hazardous occupation. As a matter of fact, more hunters have been shamed than those that have been praised.
1966, New York
Magazine editor, and professional zombie hunter of 23 years, Rachel Lee, was caught by the authorities after seen running down an undisclosed street in the nude and waving about a huge, “frightening” samurai sword. She would later tell – after hours of interrogation – the story of how she encountered two elderly zombies and suffered the traumatic consequences.
Three hours earlier, coming home from work, Mrs. Lee walked into her apartment and heard a shriek from the dwelling down the hall. She opened her zombie attack box (all this told to the police, mind you) and took out her samurai sword. She ran out and kicked down her neighbor’s front door to find an old woman staring up and pointing at an old man, swinging from the ceiling fan by a rope tied around his neck.
Upon soothing the disheveled old woman, the dead body of the old man grunted and ate through the rope and fell to the floor and tumbled to the old woman’s feet.
This old man crawled and proceeded to grab at the old woman, who cheered in joy at her husband’s sudden resurrection. Her joy was short-lived, for her husband began eating her, to death.
It was at this point that Rachel attacked the old man, ultimately severing head from torso. Apparently, happy with her results, Rachel turned to leave when the head rolled – on its own power! – to her heel and fed on it.
Rachel was filled with much rage and kicked the head through a poorly made wall. The old woman came back to life and ripped Rachel’s clothes off and then her own clothes while drooling in a mad way. Rachel cried and hacked the old woman into such tiny pieces that the authorities later exclaimed: “She is but a puzzle. Oh sweat, Jesus. Now what?”
After 30 years of careful, psychiatric evaluation and physical therapy, Rachel was deemed fit for high security prison and was sentenced for first-degree murder.
Rachel was a diabetic.
Honolulu, HI, 1979
A downtown businessman got off the bus at Ala Moana Shopping Center one morning and saw, to his utter amazement, a woman with no lower half crawling along the beach with a rose in her mouth. His exact words were, as recorded in the Honolulu Weekly: “She had no legs…Something inside of me wanted to scream out weird sounds. I wanted to help her. I wanted to hold her hand. I wanted to kiss that hand. Then her mouth…My wife left me recently. She wants a divorce. I hope she didn’t marry me just for my money…Oh no…I’m so lonely. I cry sometimes when I bathe.”
The woman made eye contact with this man and snarled and made her way – quickly – toward him. The man was frozen with fear and was just about to scream out in terror, when a nude person painted in black, from head to toe, jumped on the woman’s back and wrestled her into the ocean. This unknown hunter ran a stake-like utensil through the zombie’s brain, killing it instantaneously. The stranger walked up to the businessman and, upon seeing his scared, trembling hands, offered marijuana cigarettes as a way to help calm him.
The businessman stopped shaking immediately, revealed himself as an undercover officer, and arrested the hunter. One week later, the person was found dead in his prison cell, committing suicide via pillow, which was found in his throat.
A small funeral was made.
There was an attendee.
(This hunter was a mute. Nothing more is yet known publicly of this person. Sadly, not even gender.)
Greenville, Florida, 1989
While traversing through the woods, Sarah Zonner, age 30, unpacked her purse and began to consume alcoholic beverages. Upon immediate regurgitation, Sarah witnessed a group of lumbering bodies in the distance, appearing from behind a pile of fallen, burning trees.
A deer ran past. The people made, in her own words, “curious, sexy moaning sounds”. As they followed the deer – their arms were held out in front of them. Some people fell. Further inspection revealed that they all showcased various lacerations on the face and limbs and genitalia. Sarah moaned slowly, in horror, then tripped and fell. She shrieked, as softly as possible, but it was to no desirable effect. The living dead ignored the deer in favor of making contact with Sarah Zonner.
One zombie looked over its shoulder to get a better look at her. Sarah believes that its head clicked then fell off, hitting the mud, hard, “like a stink bowling ball”. 
Days later, the local forest police found her inside a hollow tree, shriveled and disheveled. She would later describe her story to them with a shaky voice and a trembling, ever extending finger.
The contents of her purse revealed these items:
a) 1 empty bottle of Bacardi 151
b) 1 unused female undergarment
c) 2 used bras
d) 5 apples
e) 2 copies of “The Zombie Hunter’s Bible” –stained with mud
Upon further questioning in regards to the last items, Sarah Zonner became agitated and began spitting uncontrollably. She then spat controllably – purposefully aiming at the authorities, cursing at them in sudden German. The officers retaliated.
The troubled woman was washed down with a strong fire hose – a struggle that would go on for three hours. Suddenly, blacked out by exhaustion, she was handcuffed at the wrists and ankles. The damages to the police station were insurmountable. A car was found inside, with a bear. Four officers were fired, three officers were disfigured with bizarre bruises, and one Chief resigned.
Sarah Zonner currently awaits trail for various problems.
She could never speak German before. 
Hilo, Hawaii 1943
On a steep mountaintop, Staci Avati, age 16, white, Taurus, was riding her dirt bike down a dirty road when she saw something hideous – something that made her stop and hide in a ditch. An armless, nameless female woman stood in the middle of the road. Her back was to Staci. The stranger didn’t move, even when Staci threw a small watermelon at her.
An amateurish zombie hunter, Staci immediately knew what it was and what to do. She had been training for this day – independently – since age 10. Staci pulled her dad’s shotgun from her backpack and crept behind the zombie. She pressed the weapon against the back of its skull…and pulled the trigger. The woman flew 500 feet into the distance.
Staci was arrested by local, Hawaiian mountain police for murdering a mute, retarded woman who was armless.
They had been watching the whole time from within the bushes.
The Future…
So long as the undead continue to rise, there will always be a zombie hunter nearby, ready to protect the fragile. Hunters are evolving with the times, many already utilizing modern-day electronics and weaponry, such as the cellular phone and the Ipod mini.
With such advances in science and technology, the growing number of sidekicks turning into hunters, and human intelligence continually increasing throughout the centuries, the fight against the living dead will be a much more pleasant one.


The Unsafe Zombie
Ethics
Zombies are like babies. They’re very hard to understand. To comprehend the living dead – or Revenants, as they were called during the Renaissance – one must study them on the field and interact with them in a professional manner. Much has been learned throughout the decades. Contrary to popular belief, the zombie does have an ethical code.
No eating of fellow zombie.
No sexual advances toward fellow zombie.
No bigots.
No arguing with fellow zombie, either verbally or in a mime-like fashion.
No crying.
It would benefit the zombie hunter a great deal to memorize the undead’s ethical standards. In doing so, one will find it much easier to identify a member of the living dead. Be warned, for no two zombies are entirely the same. In fact, many stray from the system – ignoring one, two, sometimes even three principles governing the zombie code.
Some ignore it entirely.
To this day, it is unknown whether doing so results in any kind of corporal punishment by their administrators.
Assuming that such authority governs them.


A History Of Eating
The Living Dead have been with us since the dawn of man. Throughout history, cultures have recorded their actions in every media. They have been perceived – erroneously – as vampires, ghouls, ghosts, banshees, aliens, and yes, even Frankensteins. We say “erroneously” because the zombie belongs to a rather distinct branch of the Living Dead, one called The Shallow Branch (mentally and physically).
Unlike vampires, a zombie cares not for romanticism or the simple consumption of blood, and unlike ghosts, the zombie is not shy. On the contrary, they are the most confident of the lot, sometimes seen going into battle against 5, 10, 30, 2 hunters with no evidence of trepidation.
In a timeless, horrific tale recorded by Swedish priest and practicing farmer Hatori Honzi, a zombie was once seen worrying an imported ox. The animal, irritated by the zombie, ran into it and lifted the woman into the air with its horns. The zombie landed on the ox’s back and rode the berserk animal into the sunset.
The ox was never heard from again.  
A zombie does not worry. They are most dangerous because of this. The hunter can find herself most fortunate to acquire such fortitude, although it is most difficult, for humans have feelings. It is this that separates us from the undead, apart from Life itself. If not for Sadness and Anger and Fear and Idiotness, the job of the hunter would be a joy and effortless.
Numerous encounters with the undead have shown that the only visible emotions a zombie expresses is Irritation and Confusion. No other emotions have been witnessed or proven by unanimous vote. A recorded event describing the zombie’s lack of emotions can be found in the epic Greek poem This is So Amazing, also expressing a zombie’s disturbing killer instinct, written by the poet Glacius:
(1) All that I say is true
Look what I can do
I bathe therefore I am new
The market was full of people
A large fruit killed a man on the chest
He came back from the dead
(2) I patted him on the head
This man gave out a moan
The shoppers ran and went home
This living dead man bit a woman’s face
I was scared; dear Zeus, I ran in place
His beautiful blue eyes meet mine
My masculinity was fine
(3) He was my best friend Zeus Shrug
I gave him a mountainous hug
He tried to eat me, this made me mad
My friend does not cherish me
This makes me unglad
The End.
This is So Amazing
-page 3008
It is unclear how this magnificent poem has slipped through the pages of classic literature. For the zombie hunter, much can be profited by researching history’s various encounters with the zombie. As a matter of fact, much can – and has been – learned from the above poem alone. Careful scrutiny of the poem reveals the most basic of lessons, many of them taboo. 
For example, hugging a zombie.


Zombie Types
Remember: No two zombies are the same. In this section, we shall not only discuss the many different zombie personalities, but also analyze and ascertain various scenarios.
Walking Zombie
The standard zombie. Slow moving, this undead type can be easily bypassed via simple “walk-around”. One must still walk in caution and never pass too closely, for they have a nasty habit of suddenly attaining ADHD and becoming hyper active and noisy at unsuspecting moments. The hunter’s sense of overconfidence is ill-advised!
Running Zombie
Nonexistent. If a member of the undead is seen running, it was most likely pushed or tripped.
Zombie of Disease
The fact remains: A human cannot return from the dead due to disease. They are not zombies. They are of poor health. Ignorance or utter disregard of this truth is dangerous, in that a hunter may confuse an ill human for a member of the living dead and harass. 
If the hunter encounters a sickly human, she/he must not attack. They must adhere to proper Human Identification procedures. If indeed acknowledged as a human, the hunter is instructed to take the ill by the hand and instruct or guide them to the nearest medical facility. Though not necessary, the hunter may also provide her/his phone number to the sick for additional help or romantic engagements.
Talking Zombie
The zombie does not speak. It does, however, groan. A hunter encountering a zombie “speaking” is in the presence of a corpse possessed by a spirit, most likely a demon; therefore, one must not take what they say to heart, for demons are pathological liars.
Blind Zombie
Like humans, a zombie cannot see without the power of the eyeball. They can be observed on city streets and country fields, walking around aimlessly, sometimes even turning around and around in place with their arms out. It is not unusual to see a large group of Blind Zombies, spinning in place, slowly. 
They can be found during the winter season, revolving under the snow. They must be destroyed. (Sometimes seen in Europe, wearing dirty cloaks and riding horses.)
Pregnant Zombie
A very dangerous and deceiving type of living dead. Not only does one have to worry about the host, there is also the threat of the zombie fetus. Too many times have hunters, believing to have annihilated the mother, fallen to the fatal bite(s) of the undead child. 
The female hunter must especially be defensive, for when the Pregnant Zombie falls onto the hunter, the fetus will accidentally fall out and make its way into the hunter’s vagina.
Fat Zombie
Not to be confused with the Pregnant Zombie, this relatively fresh member of the undead contains food. Because of this, it has received the name “Zombie Camel” or “Camel of Zombies”. A wise hunter would do well to put its contents in clean Ziploc bags and into storage for future meals. BOILING OF MEAT IS strongly ADVISED.
Skinny Zombie
A result of years of decay or malnutrition, this zombie is the weakest. Capable of entering tight places due to their thin carcass, they can be found hiding in various “hard to get to” places, such as sewage pipes and refrigerators.
Baby Zombie (ages 0-1)
An extension of the Pregnant Zombie. They dwell within the host’s belly and feed off the interior lining. When strength permits, they escape by their own power via the birth canal, buttocks, throat, or, if all are obstructed, by tearing through the mother’s belly. It is then left alone to fend for itself in the wilderness, feeding on ants and bird droppings.
Child Zombie (ages 1-30)
Do not pet this zombie type. Although their exterior presents itself as cute and cuddly, the interior is indeed evil and stink. If necessary, due to “feelings”, the hunter may cover the Child Zombie with a shirt before striking it over the head, mercilessly, with a shovel.
Elderly Zombie
Found in streams and ditches in a sitting position. They stare into the sky, at the birds, longingly, until human prey comes into view. The hunter is able to squat-walk toward the zombie, under its sights, and destroy it. One can even light the foot on fire with a match, so long as the zombie’s attention is occupied by birds: Using this tactic, the undead body will simply burn away as a wax candle with no objection. According to some hunters, Elderly Zombies, while melting, will look at you, crying, and then wave ‘Bye’. These hunters are dead. It is strongly advised that you do not wave back.
Half Zombie
The human body is and will always be so very fragile, whether one is lacking in meat or is a muscular woman. It is common to find a zombie with no lower half due to accidents or fighting. They can crawl for days in search of prey. 
The zombie can be found by simply following its blood trail, as well as discarded dung and carcasses of bird, rodent, and insect. The hunter must keep their eyes low to the ground, mindful of any sudden movements in grass, rock piles or laundry.
Tar Zombie
Describing any type of “sticky” zombie in relation to glue, blood, honey, semen, shark slime, spit, hair oils, child sweat, fecal matter, food sauce(s), and tar. Best exterminated from a distance due to their pungent stench. Touching the Tar Zombie is strongly ill advised due to its amazing adhesive abilities. When found stuck to a zombie, many hunters have eaten away their own hands and feet in hopes of escape. The success rate is amazing.
Water Zombie
Casualties of world wars, murders, surfing accidents, or overturned boats, these zombies wander the ocean depths, feeding on slow fish and ignorant crabs. The hunter is directed to not walk under the ocean. They must ride on boats, yachts or any kind of floating device aside from the inflatable sort. The Water Zombie is powerful, sometimes seen wrestling with sharks.
Sand Zombie
Found in deserts and beaches, this zombie type is slow moving due to its sand-filled interior. When the hunter attacks, she/he would be wise to protect their eyes and mouth and ears from flying, zombie-tainted sand. If it finds its way into the human body, total zombification will be complete in under two minutes. Suicide is advised.
Zombie Priest
Can be discovered walking around the inside of churches, fully clothed. Usually seen in groups of Child Zombies.
Zombie Nun
The most relaxed and mysterious of the zombies, this type is usually seen standing or sitting, motionless, and doing nothing else. Not to be confused with THE NUNDEAD, which are demon-possessed nuns that are quick and busy.
Tree Zombie
Hides in trees to jump out and surprise victims. Latches onto prey with mouth, fingers, and thighs. Very strong hold. To avoid an attack by this zombie, the hunter should inspect every tree encountered before passing. If time is of concern, one must think twice before entering a forest. 
If zombie is found and it is not paying attention, the hunter is advised to destroy it in the head via bow and arrow, gun, throwing knife, or flying sword.
Weapon Zombie
When encountering a zombie carrying a weapon, such as a gun, or a sword, or a trident, the hunter must be careful – not because of the possibility that the undead can remember how to wield the weapon – moreover, because the zombie’s finger twitches at a rate of once every 1.39874 seconds. 
If said finger is on the trigger of an automatic weapon that is pointed at the pavement or into a curved pipe, the hunter is at severe risk due to ricochet or bad luck. 
Cyborg Zombie
Scientifically modified zombies with robotic enhancements, such as metal arms, shark teeth, internal rockets, super strength, motorcycle-riding knowledge, and golden legs. Hunter is advised to have a pocket mirror on their person at all times as a form of defense against zombies capable of shooting laser beams from their eyes. 
Insect Zombie
More often than not, one will find a zombie infested with insects of one or every kind, such as worms, centipedes, spiders, ants, flies, bees, preying mantises, and love bugs. Distant butchery of said zombie is recommended. Please do not eat the insects.
Handicapped Zombie
These can be found mainly wandering the streets in wheelchairs or walkers or crutches. To take down this zombie, the running over with a wheel barrel is preferred, followed by the immediate action of bullet and/or blade into brain. The body can then be dumped into a ditch.
Skeletal Zombie
Victims of fire and/or cannibalism. The human skull is difficult to crack open, even by undead hands. With the brain secured, the skeletal corpse will rise. They will want to eat you, unaware that the flesh they consume will simply fall through their ribcage. 
Deceasedom of said zombie can be successful with the shoving of sharp objects into its eye sockets. Sometimes seen with eyeballs due to medical reasons.
Cannibal Zombie
A type of zombie that attacks and swallows the meat of its own kind. This odd type is rare, though still a threat to the hunter. It is not strange to see this zombie eating itself. They walk the earth – through rain, snow, hail – in search of the slow-moving zombie, presumably because they are easy to catch. 
The Cannibal Zombie finds it easy to eat the undead, for when attacked by their kind, the undead simply stand there, bewildered, and worried.
Animal Zombie
No different from human zombies, animals that are undead can be found side-by-side with men and women zombies on the streets or in various offices. These animals move at the rate of a sloth, even those once renowned for their speed, such as the tiger, the leopard, the puma, the lion, the dog, and the kangaroo. By utilizing brain devastation, the living dead animal will pass away.
Still Zombie
Extreme caution must be made when coming face-to-face with what many have called the “Possum Zombie”. They stand motionless, waiting for uninformed prey to come within reaching range, at which point they spring to life and molest. 
Fortunately, their energy is limited to one second. After this time, they return to standing still. It must recharge by going into what scientists call Hypersleep and is therefore vulnerable to harassment.


Legends
There are some zombies that have done more damage than others. In each of these cases, many deaths have been counted and many more homes burned to the ground. Countless children have been ruined. Sometimes the hunter – either due to sleep or alcoholism or simple ignorance – is taken surprise by certain extraordinary members of the living dead, and therefore fails, miserably, usually resulting in death by undead hands and lips. These amazing accounts have been and will forever be immortalized in literature, theatre, and bedtime stories.
This is quite unfortunate.
Here we shall examine those legendary zombies in question – the living dead that have succeeded in shaming the zombie hunter and baffling the world. You will be able to identify these yet-to-be-found zombies in the future, and have the knowledge to stop them from bad performances.
2003, Eiffel Tower. Zombie is seen walking around in the high night, swaying against the cool winds. Police (2 out of the 3 zombie hunters) call it to stop, but it ignores them, swaying. The suspect is shot in the feet and is handcuffed. While walking to the police car, they are attacked by the zombie, who rips off their heads and strips them naked as tourists take pictures and scream in horror. The zombie – for reasons unclear – gets into the car and begins eating the backseat. The zombie suddenly turns violent, accidentally kicking the stick shift. The car rolls down a hill and is never heard from again. A local newspaper called the incident, “LE DREADFULNESS AT LE Eiffel TOWER!” The reporters of said paper also gave the creature a name. They call it, Car Lord.
2000, Ireland. On a rainy day, Stephanie O’Brien, an employee, walks home on a lonely dirt road next to a potato field. There, she sees a little girl, eating something that has hair. The child appears to be injured, for red liquid streams from the back of her head in tiny bursts. Disturbed, Stephanie walks behind the little girl and touches her neck. This is a mistake. The girl spins around and bites her wrist. Stephanie, a practicing zombie hunter, shrieks out and falls into a coma. Farmers found Stephanie’s body the next morning. She had been left in mint condition, except for her legs, which had been stripped to the bone. From that day forth, farmers all over Ireland swear they see the undead corpse of a little girl, standing on their rooftops, where she slowly paces back and forth with her arms raised high over her head. These same farmers claim to have not been drinking when witnessing this little girl. However, when asked the zombie’s name, the farmers always look to each other and say, in fear, The Goat’s Beard. The farmers promise that she rides goats.
1955, Maui. A rainforest fire devastates the gentile village of Rhodes. Many are burned. To avoid the possibility of a torturous death by fire, many gather in a circle and sing and climb up a large tree and then jump off the large tree. They land on their heads, purposefully, in hopes of brain damage so that they will forget their troubles and not be aware that they are burning alive. Many who jump from the tree are instantly deceased. The few that survive the fall cheer as the tree is burned by the freak fire and falls onto them. The village zombie hunter, Wendy From Waianae, poor since age 0, runs to the burned bodies and steals their golden necklaces and golden tooth-fillings and golden belts and golden hairs. Unbeknownst to Wendy, the burned-black zombies resurrect behind her and eat her back. She dies instantaneously. The group of zombies continue to travel the island, terrorizing cows and ponies by jumping out from trees and riding them into fences. Their legend grew, and they became know as, The Bastards.
1989, Honolulu, Hawaii; KPT (apartment complex). An obese, female drunkard dangles off her balcony on the 16th floor and laughs. The scared husband pleads with her and pours milk onto her head in the belief that it will make her sober. The woman cries out, “It damages! It damages!” and slaps at her face, in effect letting go of the balcony. She falls, weeping. Death is slow, as she falls into a cactus garden. The husband, Guido, a zombie hunter from Uruguay, understands that he must destroy her brain for fear of resurrection. As he leans over her still body, ready to strike with a golden spike, the wife WAKES UP and rips out his innards. He begs for mercy and pulls out his hair. The wife empties out his torso with her mouth and crawls into his hollow stomach and walks away as if to use him as a hat. Throughout the years, she has been seen lumbering around streams, picking at her decaying hat, and eating it. Local police have given her a name, and that name is, Guido Bomb.


Training
Skills
Before any hunter can even think about doing battle against the living dead, various talents must first be learned. The following skills have been tested over the years by hunters from across the globe, from the Federated States of Micronesia to Spitzbergen, and have proven to be quite beneficial.
You will find them short and easy to learn.
MARTIAL ARTS
The most effective style can be found in that called Christian Kung Fu, taught by priests all over America. 
KNIFE THROWING
A must for all zombie hunters. Essential for hurting zombies from a distance and pinning them against trees. With enough practice, it is possible for the hunter to kill zombie brain. Practice every day, in every way.
COOKING
It is inevitable that the hunter will find herself without food. If in the woods, she will find the “cooking skill” most valuable indeed, able to not only fashion a meal out from an assortment of insects and shrubbery, but also make them delicious. However, if the hunter finds herself starving in the city, they will be unlucky in finding store-bought meat, and must therefore search in garbage receptacles for rats and spiders and the occasional albino cockroach – the hunter will be lucky to find roaches that are connected by their buttocks. If we have learned anything at all from the homeless, it is that living on trash is possible. The hunter must not worry, for a skilled cook can make virtually anything edible. Even racist garbage.
SINGING
Work stress will result in mental instability. Singing has been proven to “soothe the mind” and “calm the soul”. More often than not, the hunter will find their sidekick harassed and afraid. To ensure that he/she will not run away or fashion a mutiny, it is advised that the hunter learn the art of singing and cuddling to ease the mind of the sidekick. (If singing does not seem to stop their bickering, put your tongue in their ear. They will be soothed instantly. If the ear is clean, your sidekick is healthy.)
BICYCLE RIDING
The automobile cannot be relied upon in the long run due to its insatiable lust for gasoline, and noise pollution. The bicycle requires no such liquid – only needing the strength of thighs, knees, and ankles – and is so silent. Another benefit of bicycle riding is “leg improvement”. Intensification of the lower extremities will give the hunter special powers, such as running, jumping, kicking, and speed walking (vital if the need should ever arise to walk away quickly, yet quietly). 
CARVING
The fine art of cutting various objects out from wood can be used to create tiny blowing darts, spoons to eat with, mannequins, whistles, caveman clubs, balls, frying pans, and even diverse articles of clothing, such as clogs and undergarments.
READING & WRITNG
Necessary in documenting events, identifying road signs, and gaining respect from sidekick.
PANTOMIMING
Also known as Miming. Indispensable when blending in and/or living with the walking dead. Skill must be practiced in front of sidekick to receive fair criticism. Miming curriculum includes “I’m Trapped in a Box,” “I’m Pulling on a Rope,” “The rope is pulling me,” “I’m Drunk,” “I’m sober,” “I’m running in Place,” “I’m Sleepy,” “You make me Angry,” “You make me Cry,” “Look over There,” and “I want a divorce.”
DRIVING
Though not required, vital in any attempt to run over a group of zombies. (see bicycle RIDING)


Dieting
A healthy zombie hunter lives to fight another day. Next to exercise, dieting is equally important.
Fasting – the act of starving yourself once a week – is highly advised. The hunter will lose weight and gain a sense of self-confidence. Fasting will result in sudden bursts of speed, a heightened sense of awareness, and the ability to fit into tight places (perfect when hiding from the living dead). To properly Fast, nothing must be consumed in a 24-hour period.
If this method of dieting is too extreme or stupid for you, the Water Diet might be more appealing, where the hunter drinks water every 60 minutes. When consuming meat or grains, only eating half of all meals is allowed. The rest must be fed to sidekick, or thrown up.
Pole of The High Sundays, a favorite dieting regimen amongst hunters of old, requires the participant to stand on a pole while in the nude with his hands over his head. His legs MUST be crossed. The sidekick is ordered by them to remove all clothing and begin punching the pole to encourage vibrations. This is to test the hunter’s balancing talents and, inadvertently, improve the sidekick’s punching abilities. 
The sidekick is only allowed to rest after a period of 10 hours. Until that time, the sidekick must not stop punching the pole, even if the hunter begins to plead for mercy, and moans. The results are wondrous.
The opposite of Fasting is Slowering. It is not advised.
(Please talk to your doctor before attempting to Fast.)


Weapons
Although it is true that the human body is the world’s most dangerous weapon – especially if strenuously trained in the martial arts to the level of “The Master” – flesh will always fall second place to steel or metal when compared to strength and endurance.
Many weapons can be used to combat the living dead. Below you will find a list of acceptable weaponry, ordered from weakest to strongest.
Wonder Stick
Excellent for its abundance and ease of use. Can be used to hold zombie at bay if put in mouth, or penetrate through the eye to injure brain matter. The user is advised to keep a great quantity on her/his person due to the Wonder Stick’s bad habit of breaking under pressure. TIP: When placing stick in eyehole, stir for maximum effect!
Attack Fork
With enough tenacity, the user is able to hack around the neck of the zombie using an Attack Fork, encouraging disconnection of the head. The task can be completed with a mighty thump to the face.
Monster Spoons
Used to take out eyes and scoop out brain substance. Not simple or effective in the hands of an amateur. With years of practice, Monster Spoons can be a deadly tool and should not be available to children.
Molestation Hammer
Best used when striking an undead head frequently. When victim collapses to the ground, the hunter will stand on its spine and continue hitting the back of said zombie’s head with the Molestation Hammer until brain is witnessed. You are advised to cover your face with your freehand to shield from splatter. If both hands are occupied, instruct sidekick to put their hands over your mouth and nose.
Wanton Scissors
More effective than the Attack Fork, scissors can also be used to destroy a zombie’s neck to cheer head separation. When operating this weapon, please grip it as one would a knife. The finger holes on a pair of scissors are sore and disturbing.
Gluttonous Hedge Clippers
Using both hands, drive the weapon into the neck of the zombie, immediately followed by opening the clippers. With enough practice, the head will be disconnected. Caution must be taken for risk of the undead’s eyes popping out and flying into the hunter’s mouth. If this occurs, please do not swallow. Instead, instruct sidekick to put their hand into your mouth.
Magical Cardboard
Most excellent if found sturdy. If aimed directly at the soft, frontal portion of the neck, can be used in a slicing manner to sever a zombie’s head in one fluid motion. Care must be taken if done in a windy environment. If rain enters, weapon must be folded into tiny squares and put into back pocket.
Power Glove
While it is not advised to punch a zombie, it IS recommended to punch a zombie with a Power Glove. To make the weapon, slip on a pair of gloves – cloth or plastic – and dip into glue, followed by quick application of broken glass and/or fetal cactuses. (see Kickboxer, 1989, starring Jean-Claude Van Damme)
Whole Bottle
When pushed into the mouth of a zombie, they will twirl in a confused manner, allowing the hunter to make a dangerous attack. Can be used with cardboard weapon.
Broken Whole Bottle
See ATTACK FORK
Wonder Knives
Wonderful weapon, especially if used by a hunter employed as a professional stuntman, gangster, or carnival employee. 
Attack  Wheelbarrow
Developed by Sir. Anthony Argento of France, the attack wheelbarrow – or “Dead Leaves”, as it was called – is an everyday wheelbarrow fashioned with weaponry to plow through a group of the living dead. Popular attachments to Dead Leaves are swords, torches, swords on fire, bear traps, and snakes. 
Sledgehammer Power
With a powerful blow, can easily kill zombie brain matter. Must be used by a muscular hunter or sidekick for optimal performance. Extreme exhaustion will follow, including headaches, chest pains, and a numbing in the left shoulder.
Wire of Harassment (WOH)
Fishing wire will even be enough to sever the strongest zombie neck. Simply tie wire around hands and slowly creep behind zombie. Throw Wire of Harassment around neck and pull repeatedly until head parts from torso.
Assault Furniture
A smart hunter can use anything and everything around him as a tool against the living dead, like Jackie Chan. This includes items in the home. Furniture can be very useful: Couches can be overturned to pin down a zombie, lamps can be thrown over heads, television sets can be turned on as a distraction, and chair legs can be shoved into a zombie’s soft chest to puzzle them.
Zombie Limbs
Perfect for use as a blunt weapon if limb is deceased. If the zombie you are severely beating collapses, be warned, for they are not dead, merely napping. If the limb is NOT deceased, but rather moving rampantly, the hunter can use the “living” weapon to his advantage. For example, when aiming the moving hand at a zombie, it can grip onto the zombie’s hair with great force. If pulled hard enough, head-detachment is almost certain. (Immediately throw limb away after usage)
Sword 
Perfect, effective weapon if you’re trained in the art of sword play, or so happen to have one in your home or in your car.
Quafo Bomb
Pour gasoline or Bacardi 151 into bottle and stuff in unwanted piece of clothing or dew-rag. Light…toss…and run away.
Spear
Basically an elongated sword found in every home, the hunter will find aiming very difficult. If zombie happens to latch onto the weapon, they will eat it, destroy it, and spit it back out at you.
Bow & Arrow
See SPEAR
Flamethrower
Superb for any location. To make a homemade flamethrower, purchase any “bug killer” spray can (chances are you already have some in your home). Squirt away from face and ignite spray with lighter. Zombie must not be lit in these locations: Woods, Fields, Neighborhoods, Playgrounds, and Gas stations. 
Nail gun
Not useful against the undead, for a single nail – no matter how long – cannot destroy the zombie brain. Many attempts have been made by past hunters to pin a zombie down and shoot multiple nails into its undead head, but to no desired effect. Those hunters have been eaten, violently. 
Handgun
Difficult to handle unless trained. In the hands of an amateur, the gun, when fired, will whip back into the hunter’s face. If a handgun must be used, you are urged to instruct your sidekick to operate the weapon. You must then hide and communicate via radio or sign language.
Vehicles
When operating a car, truck, SUV, or Delorean to run over a member of the walking dead, one must be careful that the severed torso does not sail through the windshield and strangle the driver. If this occurs, passenger must not use homemade flamethrower.
Blinding Blanket
A simple, yet ingenious weapon used to blind and mystify the zombie. Simply take hold of a large-sized blanket and toss over victim. In their bewilderment, they will not think to pull off the weapon. This will give you ample time to attack.
Lawnmower
If the user is able to carry the weapon and hold it before them, they will be amazed at its efficiency, for the zombie(s) will simply walk into the spinning blade.
Kids and lawnmowers don't mix!
Chainsaw
A surefire way to decapitate a member of the living dead. Many have warned against the inevitable noise of this weapon, but the fact remains: If you find a zombie walking toward you – if even a great team of zombies – the odds are that you will be able to walk faster than them. Remember to carry extra bottles of gasoline.
Shotgun
Your greatest weapon when battling the undead. Even from afar, a stray bullet – when finding its way to a zombie’s head – can guarantee re-death. With a backpack full of shells, and the large quantity of shotguns being available in virtually every shopping mall, you will be able to protect yourself from even the thickest of zombie groups. In combination with the chainsaw, the hunter is virtually unstoppable.
WARNING: Children should not play with weapons, let alone guns.

Exercising
Your body must be very important to you. A strong body equals a strong mind. Arnold Schwarzenegger – Mr. Olympia 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1980 –  is the governor of California. He starred in such hit films as Raw Deal and Hercules in New York. If we have learned anything from following the career of this wise, fit human over the years, it is that exercising daily and following your dreams can produce out of the ordinary rewards. 
This includes hunting zombies.
Scientific studies have shown that working out does indeed make you smarter. Sharpen your body. Quicken your mind. Rigorous exercise also releases endorphins, making you feel relaxed and joyous. When training the body, one should not exclude the limbering benefits of aerobics, as can be seen in Arnold Schwarzenegger’s “behind-the-scenes” film Pumping Iron.
Soon after its release, a sequel was made, this time focusing on the women of the weightlifting universe. 


Creating your Practice Zombie
The practice dummy can be used to prepare the hunter for zombie-contact. There are two ways to go about this: 1) Make a dummy from scratch, or 2) Use a friend to stand in as a dummy.
Making the practice zombie is rather trouble-free. Simply gather as many discarded bundles of newspaper as possible to form the skeleton, using tape to bind them. As a final step, dress the dummy in your clothes for added realism. Hopefully, this will disturb and anger you.
When asking a friend to stand-in as a practice zombie, dress them in your clothes to enforce a feeling of weirdness and instruct them to walk about slowly. If they are comfortable with it, ask if they can walk into the furniture and moan in a sexy way. Then put a helmet over his/her head and instruct them to hold out their arms and try to bite their shoulder.


Tool Kit
Things You Need
Keep your kit with you at all times. Reshape stakes daily. Restock all used items. If possible, tape items to the interior of your backpack, or around your torso and legs. This will ensure that they will not be lost or misplaced. 
It would benefit you to fill your kit with the following items:
Smaller backpack
Purified bottle of H2O
Matches
Portable bags of concrete
Knife
Dry clothes
Wooden stakes
A whip
The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Sustenance in a can
Opener for said can
Things You Don’t Need
There are things that you don’t need in your kit and will only take up valuable space. Refrain from taking along unnecessary items, especially those that are heavy. 
The following items should not be stored into your kit:
A cake (or any open foods)
Heavy books
Computers
Electric fans
DVD players
VCRs
Televisions
Rodents (or any form of pet)
Skating boards
Skating shoes
For sidekick: If there is anything you wish to add to your kit, please inform your Hunter. If they refuse or hate your request, do not argue. They are most likely right.

Dress code
“The zombie stood before me as a statue would. It wore sickening clothing: Wearing only half of its black shirt – the left half. Its shorts were stained in the front where moss grew. A butterfly flew out. It also wore a golden chain around its neck. I tried to steal the golden chain so I could feed my babies, but it took hold of my hand and licked it. Teeth followed and I yelled out in protest. My screams did nothing but excite it more. Then she began tearing at my clothes as we struggled. I was left with nothing but a patch of cloth to cover my shame. Indeed, I knew what it was like to be a zombie then. My wife divorced me the next day.”
—Gargamel, ex Hunter, ex husband
Dress for success. The hunter must avoid wearing long clothing to keep the living dead from latching onto her/him. This means: No wedding dresses, no capes, and absolutely no “hoodlum” clothing that drag behind the feet or dangle from the buttocks. You will be the first to be horribly killed and eaten. Tight clothing is safe clothing. One would do wise to adopt the various clothing styles utilized by the flaming, homosexual community.


Choosing the Sidekick
Your sidekick is here to advise you, here to serve you, to learn from you. Choose them wisely – for you must care for them as you would a precious pet. She/he is your child, your baby. 
Love them…with your life.
Skills
Walking
Talking
Squatting
Squealing
Reading and/or Writing
Caring
Eating
Feeding (you)
Killing (themselves – or you when necessary)
Seeing
Cooking 
Swimming
Carrying 
Singing 
Burying (themselves – or you when necessary)
Attitude
When hiring a sidekick, pay attention to how they present themselves. Are they excited? Do they sweat? Are their teeth grinding? Do they bathe? Are they bathing? When responding to your various questions, do they spit? Do you spit? Are they polite? Is there eye contact? Do they wink? Do they sit too close to you? Do they touch you? 
These are all important questions. 
They’re understandable. 
Be comfortable with your decision, for you will be with your sidekick for many days – possibly years!
Health
If you find that your potential sidekick is under the weather, seriously consider sending them home. If your sidekick is noticeably sicklier than a zombie, they are of no use to you. If for whatever reason you feel compatible with the sickly sidekick, and wish to keep them in your home, it is advised that you feed them and bathe them daily to ensure they bestow a healthy performance on the field.
Vomiting
This is a natural human/animal reaction. It is inevitable. But how does your potential sidekick handle regurgitation? When on the field and in battle or on the run, it would be a severe inconvenience for the hunter to accommodate their sidekick due to radical vomiting. Make sure that your sidekick can either hold their throw up in their mouth, or swallow it entirely. 


The Sidekick’s Code
I, the Sidekick, will adhere to all of my Zombie Hunter’s wishes. I trust in her/him. They care for me. They love me. I trust them with a gun. I am here to learn from them. They can do no harm. If they abuse me – mentally or psychically – it is because I deserve it for some reason, and I shall learn from it and not argue. I give my Zombie Hunter my hand, and foot, and allow them to guide me to the promise land. In this precious land, the living dead are no more. (cross arms) End communications.
Signature: 

Pay rate
$1000 every other month. 
Insurance
Benefits include but not limited to: Medical, Dental, and Mental. (All aid provided physically by hunter when time permits.)

Sample application
(please read entire application before filling out)
Date:
Contact Info
Name (last):     (first):
Address:
Phone#:
Cell phone #:
Education
School:
Work History
(please list at least 2o past work experiences, starting from the most recent)
1.
2.
3.
4.
(etc.)
Personal 
(due to the law, the following is not required)
Have you ever been convicted of a crime? If so, why? Y/N
Do you inhale illegal substances? If so, why? Y/N
Have you ever encountered a zombie? If so, why? Y/N
Have you ever killed a zombie? If so, why?
Do you have family? If so, why? Y/N
Have you accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal savior? If so, why? Y/N
Are you single? If so, why? Y/N
Are you a male? If so, why? Y/N

I PROMISE, WITH ALL MY HEART, THAT THE ABOVE IS TRUE (please write legibly)
Signature:


Orientation Sheet
You Are on Your Way to Becoming a Zombie Hunter’s Associate!!
Here is what you can expect in the next week or so:
Once your drug tests and background checks have cleared, we will call you in for an orientation class.
The orientation will be your actual first day.
Your work week will begin as soon as you complete your orientation.
It is very important the following is adhered to:
You were hired based upon the availability you presented to us at the time you were hired. It is your responsibility to inform your Zombie Hunter, in advance, of any changes to your availability. Any changes could lead to termination.
If you do not have the necessary documents on file you will not be allowed to start work.
If you are not in dress code, you will not be allowed to work and will be sent home.
SOME REMINDERS:
Before Orientation
Thoroughly read The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Get necessary paperwork done (example: New Social Security Card)
Bring any missing paperwork (example: Driver’s License, SSC) to your Zombie Hunter’s home
Things to Remember When Attending Orientation:
Bring a Blue Ink pen
Come dressed according to The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Come prepared with any questions you may have


CHAPTER TWO
The Journey & The Hunt

On the Road
Vehicle
It is important to choose the right automobile when finally going on the road toward your hunting location. It must have a strong exterior with a large enough gas tank and the ability to carry a multitude of supplies – this includes zombies (dead or living dead).
The SUV would serve your needs perfectly. It is the safest vehicle on earth – as has been testified over the years by many Hunters and various television news shows.
For your protection, always let your sidekick do the driving – this includes operation of any other heavy machinery, except for the chainsaw. This is your weapon. Protect it with your life.
Rest stops, Allowed
Every now and then you may have to stop mid-journey due to hunger or the obvious bowel movement. If this should happen, feel free to pull into a gas station or convenient store and ask to use their Urination Room. Or if you must, instruct your sidekick to pull over to the side of the road so you may soothe yourself.
When doing so, either hide behind a bush or behind the car. Your sidekick will be taking photographs for documentary purposes.
Sleep
It is safe to pull over and fall fast asleep ONLY after midnight, when traffic is slow. Even then, only the hunter is allowed to rest, for she/he needs the strength for the grueling battle surely waiting ahead. The sidekick will stay up the entire night with the accompaniment of coffee and a green Monster.
Foods
The sidekick is relied upon to purchase and/or cook for both people because the hunter must save all personal funds for sudden emergencies. Large amounts of baby food will be bought for their compact size and nutritional benefits.
The authorities: “Lies & Diversions”
Do not be scared if a police vehicle suddenly stops you. This is normal. They have even been known to stop automobiles for no reason other than to fulfill job related quotas.
Unfortunately, the hunter does not have time for such inconvenience. There are things you can do to escape a police officer’s harassment.
1. At first sight of police interference, feed your sidekick alcohol and order him to “play dead”. Admit to the officer that your friend at the wheel is a ruthless drunkard and demands medical attention. The officer will then panic and escort you to the nearest hospital. While the officer is ahead of you, slow down your vehicle and cut off onto a nearby road, then turn off all the lights. In the morning, paint your vehicle a different color. It will then be safe to continue on your journey. Due to the initial shock your sidekick will no doubt experience, it is advised that you do not talk or make eye contact with them for at least five hours. If you feel that you must tell them something important, first soothe them by touching their shoulder and making tiny, circular motions. They will then turn to you, daintily…and smile. 
2. Put a wig on your sidekick (necessary even if female) and delicately shove a toy doll between their legs. Tell the officer that your wife is a pregnant woman and demands medical attention and that the baby is halfway out of her as you speak. Also mention that you can see the baby’s feet. Yell at the officer. He will apologize and become your escort, and friend. Follow instructions ending example #1.
Whatever you do, DO NOT attempt to outrun a police officer. If ancient history has taught us anything, it is that the police are excellent drivers. Try to run out of fear and panic, and you will be caught and arrested.
Do not give them the satisfaction.
Do all that you can to please them and continue with your mission.


Searching the Zombie
Undead Clues
When scavenging an area, be it cemetery or mall, remember to keep an eye out for telltale signs of a zombie’s presence. Dead bodies or discarded limbs are obvious signs. Deserted towns with questionable bloodstains are another. You may find – to your surprise – a rather hefty amount of zombie dung. This is natural. The zombie belly is weak and sometimes torn, releasing fecal matter without the walking dead even noticing.
When encountering this substance, put it in a clear plastic bag and instruct your sidekick to smell the dung. The goal is to know whether the material is fresh or not. If it is odorless, then you have nothing to fear; the threat is far from you. But if your sidekick gags or begins to shake violently or even collapses – WATCH OUT. For you may be in grave danger of an attack. 
(For more effective results, order your sidekick to stick their finger into the dung and then put their finger into their mouth. The hunter then asks if it is hot or cold.) 
Look for open mausoleums or upturned coffins or overturned cars. Command your sidekick to tie a color-coded ribbon on all broken tree branches.
The color codes are as follows:
a) RED – Intense Zombie Action
b) PINK – Semi-Intense Zombie Action
c) LIGHT PINK – Low Semi-Intense Zombie Action
d) BLACK – No 
Encircle any or all crop circles with a string.
Remember to take photographs of all evidence, no matter how diminutive or useless.
When traveling through the woods, make sure to tag your trail to make for easy navigation back to your base of operations. You can do this by tying colorful ribbons onto trees, carrying along a very large ball of yarn, or laying tiny circles of God bread onto the ground (be sure to nail the bread into the dirt to discourage animal mouths). 


Trapping the Zombie
Creating Zombie Traps
Due to the undead’s extremely unpredictable nature, making a trap requires not only physical strength, but also intelligence. You must know which traps to use effectively, judging by your surroundings.
THE DRY GROUND TRAP
Connect empty soda pop cans to a good length of fishing line. Tie the fishing line around the base of the trees surrounding your campsite. When the zombie makes contact with your trap, not only will you be alerted, the zombie will fall to the ground and be tangled in the good length of fishing line. The more strength it puts into its struggle, the more tauter and lethal the wire will become, until eventually, the zombie will sever its own hands, legs, shoulders, back, chest, knees, thighs, and/or torso. If luck permits, the head will also be cut.
THE MUD TRAP
If you find yourself in the depressing situation of being in a rainy environment, this trap will prove quite effective. Climb up a tree with a large Blinding Blanket. Throw the blanket (which will no doubt be heavy, resulting from the humidity) over the zombie(s). It will fall to the ground, confounded. Jump down and hit it on the head with a weapon to ensure brain damage. Wash the Blinding Blanket with rainwater to guarantee future use, and cover the zombie with mud to contain any flaming odors.
THE LAKE TRAP
Sit in a boat in the middle of a lake with your hands laid neatly on your lap. Your sidekick will be on land, getting the dead’s attention by waving his arms in the air, topless and making raccoon sounds. He will then dive into the lake and swim toward the boat. When the zombies notice him, they will moan and follow into the lake. They will soon be wandering the bottom of the lake, reaching up to apprehend you. At this point, reveal your trident – which can be made by fixing a knife or fork to the end of a bamboo shoot – and simply stick it into the brains of the zombies. Your sidekick will be at the bottom of your boat, informing you of each confirmed kill by pulling on a piece of string that shall be attached to a bell around the hunter’s neck. If said bell does not ring for a period of 60 minutes, the hunter must assess the situation and paddle back to land as quickly as possible.
BONUS: THE GIANT SWING
Basically a giant log attached to ropes, this trap must be pulled back high-up into the trees. When the threat is seen, the ropes will be cut and the giant log shall come down and make brutal contact with the zombie(s). They will explode on contact. The use of ponchos is advised. This trap has been tested and approved by the Navy SEALS when battling extraterrestrials in dense forests.


Containing The Zombie
If you decide for some reason to NOT kill your zombie, and instead wish to contain the beast, do so by tying a blindfold over their eyes and securing their hands and feet with wire. After wrapping the zombie in a thick blanket and pelting it with rocks, attach the wiggling body to a long pole to be carried off. 
Do this in a marching manner to instill confidence.
Obtaining The Zombie “sample”
A variety of samples must be obtained for future scientific and religious analysis. A dry stool sample is by no means enough, and the permanent containment of a zombie is no guarantee. Below you will find a list of undead samples and how to gather them, safely. (The following must be done on an “animated” zombie before death to ensure freshness. IMPORTANT: Be sure to tie down zombie prior to sample extraction. Wear plastic gloves at all times.)
Live Stool
If the zombie’s belly is open and the intestines are missing, insert hand into anus and proceed to interrogate area. Dung should be lingering at the base. After cupping a handful of fresh fecal matter, put into see-through Ziploc bag and store at room temperature. Remove gloves and wash hands at an amazing speed. 
Tongue
Have your sidekick open the zombie’s mouth. While attempting to extract the tongue with a sharp utensil, for example, an Attack Fork, be ready for sudden throat spitting. This can be anticipated by a distinct gurgling sound coming from the throat. Goggles are advised. Grip tongue, pull, and cut slowly to guarantee competence. Remember to breathe in through the mouth and exhale out the nose. The zombie – although in theory cannot feel pain – will cry out in excruciating agony. Earmuffs are recommended, but not necessary, as well as nosemuffs.
Eyes/Legs/Arms/Back
Not considered necessary.


Disposal
After the re-death of a member of the walking dead, disposal is necessary in guaranteeing that no child or animal will eat the corpse and become future zombies.
Burning a zombie – or a group of zombies – although useful for undead body parts, is generally considered by professionals an idiotic idea. History has shown many examples of factories or ignorant mobs incinerating zombies, resulting in the ill effect of their ashes carried up into the rain clouds by wind and washed over cemeteries. The outcome is painfully obvious and depressing: Corpse Reanimation. 
Burial is the best option. 
After you have cut the corpse into tiny pieces, seal the remains in concrete. Bury the body parts in a deep hole. Follow through by pouring concrete over the burial to discourage plant growth. Be sure to scare away any kind of wildlife that might be watching, and judging you.


Fight
Proper Zombie Calling
Waiting for a zombie can take hours, sometimes even years. The duck whistle can be very successful.
A zombie can hear this sound from miles away. Caution must be used when zombie calling, for the results can sometimes be amazing. In one tale, a hunter in Egypt made a zombie call and two seconds later dead hands shot up through the desert and pulled him halfway into the sands. He was found the next day, deceased, and bleeding from below the eyes. When they pulled him out from the sand, his pants were gone.
The men and women fled the scene screeching, leaving the body under the hot sun.
His fingers were still in his mouth.
Proper Human Identification
Before attack, the hunter must first identify the suspect as either human or zombie. It is sometimes impossible to distinguish the two. Confusing humans include (but not limited to), the retarded, the elderly, the massively ill, and the handicapped. Remember that the murder of a human is unacceptable and is illegal in many states, save for Texas. 
Canada experiences zero murders. 
Canada is much like America, only without the guns.
Identification can be done easily by using a Human Identification Call. WARNING: Before you initiate the call, it is of the utmost importance that you be absolutely sure no more than 3 zombies are in the perimeter.
Proper procedure is as follows:
1. Put your weapon down at your feet.
2. Make sure that the suspect is at least 10 feet away from you.
3. Wave at the suspect and call out “Dolphin Masters Strike Again!” The confusing phrase is intentional. No human is able to not respond in question. If said suspect does not respond, jump up and down while waving your arms.
4. If the suspect waves back (but does not jump up and down), refrain from smiling and walking towards them. Analyze their arms: Are the arms being fed on by other suspicious individuals? Do insects fall out of the arms? (The average human does NOT have insects in their arms, no matter how retarded they are.) Does the waving hand suddenly go into the owner’s mouth and pull out intestine? Is the suspect who is waving the hand eating its other hand? Is the suspect waving a severed hand? Does the suspect use their feet to wave? (Studies in Hawaii have shown that certain living individuals with rickets do indeed wave with their feet.) 
5. If the suspect DOES wave in return and jump up and down, yell out to them, using polite phrases such as: “Hi! My name is…” “Dear friend, I want to know you” “Your current clothing pleases me” “Your current face displeases me. I’m polite” “I understand your front” “She puts the lotion in the basket or she gets the hose again” “When I wave so lovingly it means that I cherish, so sweat” “You will give me a positive fever” “Hallelujah, I am hungry in a merry manner, and you did it” “Oh Jonathan, you are really Jo Nathan” “The bullets inside are so hot, why do I feel so cold?” “There shall be no fighting in my mouth” “You please my uterus, I kiss your toes, it’s fair”. 
6. If the suspect yells out in a response similar to “Yes?” “No?” “I don’t know?” “Call it” “Come here” “Go there” “I come to you” “I love to you” “I hate” “I woo” “I thank you” “I bathe you” “You flatter” “You flatten” “We touch you, it’s fine” “Gun wounds again?” “Drop it like it’s hot” “Lift it like it’s cold” “Put up or shut up” “I pooped a nail” “Who gave you nerves to get killed here?” then immediately assume that she/he is human and proceed to comfort and cherish them. If you feel compelled, hold them. It’s encouraged.
7. If you identify the suspect – without question – as a zombie due to lack of proper response, you must massacre them devoid of remorse.
The FEAR of Killing
It is in our nature as humans to fear things such as knives, guns, loud dogs, crossing streets, God, angry cats, babies, fighting women, pumas, birds fighting birds, airplanes, flying in airplanes, dying, lying, and lovemaking. 
Murdering another thing is no exception.
As a Hunter of The Undead, it is imperative that you realize that a zombie is NOT living; therefore, there is nothing to fear. If you still have trepidation, do not worry. When you come face-to-face with the undead and the time comes to defend yourself, the odds are you WILL attack – and you WILL murder. 
Fighting Against A Zombie And/Or His Parts
As with an infant, there is more to a zombie than simple groaning and lumbering. One must not be fooled by how they present themselves; moreover, even after annihilation of the undead corpse, the hunter must also anticipate the devious undead limb.
In both cases, knowledge of the zombie physique and a careful plan of attack must be developed beforehand. An undead limb is quite multitalented and persistent, able to attack regardless of terrain or opponent and can travel many miles without food. 
A detached zombie-mouth has been witnessed trekking 1,026 days on its own power without food or water, uphill. The hunter must always keep a watchful eye for the undead mouth. Due to its small size and astounding mouth-strength, an attack would be amazingly confusing and depressing. The undead arm (with hand) is the most lethal body part. Be careful when handling such an appendage. Stand at least three feet away from it. Do not poke it with a stick. Do not touch it in wonderment. 
As with any other undead body branch, it will have a will of its own and a deep desire to kill you via three ways: Strangulation, The shoving of fingers down the throat, and Passionate eye gauging. Do not play with the appendage. Do not hold it close to your face or any part of your body below the waist, and, most importantly, do not put your mouth on it. If your reasoning is to bite it to death, you will find your actions futile. However, you may jump on it, heatedly.
Chopping then burning the body part is suggested.


Forms of Zombie Attack, or: HOW THEY TRICK YOU
The zombie is a being driven by an unseen/unknown force, bent on devouring you. It is an obsessed entity. It will walk many miles, break any wall, crawl through the snow, sit in the rain, ride any animal, and even walk through fire to get to YOU – the hunter.
And like you, they have their own methods of attack. 
Biting
As discussed earlier, the undead mouth is awesome. It is their main form of attack. Their mouths are living dead bear traps. Once it clamps around your flesh, nothing but the pity of Jesus, or the disgust of Satan, will save you. STAY AWAY from the undead mouth. Have a Wonder Stick on you at all times to shove into an undead mouth and keep it at bay.
Grabbing
The zombie that walks with its arms out – hands bent downward – is not blind, or seeking pity, nor a homosexual. They are merely resting their hands, saving up the energy to tear through your clothing and get to your precious meat and life-giving bits. 
The undead hand – although eager! – is relatively weak. The hunter may dismantle the body part by gripping the first and middle fingers and yanking outward, tearing the hand in two. Goggles are recommended, but not required.
Kicking
As witnessed by a minority of zombie hunters, the zombie is also able to kick. Although a highly dubious situation, the hunter (if ever to indeed encounter such a zombie) would fair well to kick back, aiming at the inside of the thigh. This will do either two things: 1) Disconnect the leg at the crotch. Or, 2) It will catch your foot between its legs and fall onto you. With its weight holding you down, it will have a distinct advantage over you. 
Slow Walking
A mere ploy to fool you into coming in reaching range. The inexperienced hunter, in a sudden sense of superiority, will attempt to walk around the zombie. This has proven – sadly, many times – to be erroneous. The walking dead have been seen magically coming “alive” in an abrupt explosion of energy to catch their meal. 
This is the #1 mistake most hunters make, resulting in many unnecessary deaths and heartache. NOTE: If you so indeed happen to walk around a zombie successfully, it is because said zombie is severely malnourished. You are in the minority.
Head butting
As detailed by ex Indonesian hunter Jill Rickles:
JILL: “Are we recording? Well…I told Mr. Magruder that I was so sorry he was a zombie, and that I’d never harm him. And when I ran the burning candle into its eye, it continued to head butt me! It’s so amazing. It’s so horrible! I couldn’t believe it. I mean, I had heard stories…(cries) I didn’t know what to do. It hurt so much. I cried out, but it wouldn’t listen. Why wouldn’t it listen? (cries) So I head butted it back, on its back. This seemed to have traumatized it, for it stumbled away and moaned a little. Then it began walking toward me, head butting the air over and over. It looked weird. I threw a microwave at it, killing it instantly after an hour. I was sad…Now I want to go pray. Can I go pray?” 
VOICE: “No.”
Moaning
When a zombie moans, it is not because they are hurt physically, or because they are depressed, or because they long. They make such groans simply to get your attention – your sympathy. They want you to walk up to them and ask if everything’s okay. 
They want you to pity them and caress their cheek with the back of your hand. In short, they will make sad sounds to get you close, so they can eat you. Beware the disheartened zombie.


Attack Strategies
There are many ways to battle a zombie. Some ways are extremely effective, while many more are simply competent. In an attempt to be The Zombie Hunter’s ultimate, trustworthy resource on the profession, we will only discuss strategies of extreme competence.
Against single zombie
Weapon in hand, run around zombie as quickly as possible. This will bewilder the zombie. Allow it to lunge after you, therefore draining its energy. You are still advised to run around the zombie until it gives up on you and moves on. Once directly behind it, attack brain.
Against zombie groups
Weapon in hand, run around zombies as quickly as possible. This will bewilder the zombies. Allow them to lunge after you, therefore draining their energy. You are still advised to run around the zombies. Once directly behind them, attack brain. ALTERNATE METHOD: Knit together a large Blinding Blanket to cover the group of zombies. Must be released from up a tree for optimal effect.
Zombie Decomposition, Results from
The war against the walking dead is a frustrating one. Fortunately, Mother Nature is on your side. The dead rot. They do so at a nonstop rate. Things fall off. Because of this – ultimately – you have the upper hand.
Or do you?
Hrmm…
Take care when attacking the walking, rotting dead. Because of their weak composition, lethal innards tend to fly out, legs and arms fall off, and vomit is unleashed (sometimes from the palms and feet) – all without warning. 
WARNING: Be wary when using the shotgun. Never aim at the belly. It will create a clean hole that will only anger the zombie.
When strangling the undead, be mindful of your own strength, for the head comes away easily and you could – out of shock – drop it, thereby allowing the zombie head to eat your feet.
If a zombie is severely decomposed, a simple hit to the chest with a baseball bat can explode a zombie completely, resulting in a rain of perilous waste. If this happens, the hunter must stop, drop, and roll. Remember to take an hour-long, cold shower. End personal grooming with the brushing of teeth, using proper up & down motions. Gargle with mouthwash to kill gingivitis. Ignore the burning. This means it’s working.
Spit.


Proper ‘Weaponry Transplant’ Procedures
The hunter is always at risk of injury: Illness, mental illness, and limb-loss illness. Maybe you lost a hand – or worse, BOTH hands. You may require special attachments to ensure a successful hunt. This section will deal with Weaponry Transplants.
Before any kind of operation can take place, always remember to have your sidekick nearby, for support and emotional comfort.
CHAINSAW
Can turn your arm into a helpful killing machine. Begin by cutting out a hole on the end of the motor casing. Insert hand. May be extremely heavy. Weightlifting is advised. The hunter must be mindful of harmful exhaust. Starting of the chainsaw can be achieved by pulling on starter-cord by mouth, or with the aid of sidekick. (Can also be attached to foot.)
SHOTGUN
Remove handle, sharpening the revealed skeleton. When ready, shove end into hand-stump. Sleeping with shotgun arm pointed up at face is not suggested. Always keep shotgun arm aimed out the window with the aid of a tailor-made stand. (Can also be attached to foot.)
Other attachable weapons: Knife, buzz saw, whip, gun, fork, spoon, stick, cup, bottle, wheelbarrow, lighter, magic marker, camera, or electric fan.


Hunting in Zombie Infested Territories
The zombie hunter will find her or himself in a variety of unfamiliar locations. In this chapter, you shall be educated on what to do in such an instance and utilize the location to your advantage, thereby maximizing the success of your hunt.
Forests
As we’ve learned before, inspect every tree for zombies. When hunting, climb up a tree and stay up there. Keep your eyes open and your ears alert for any sudden sounds, such as the crushing of dead leaves and distant, swaying objects. Use the tree to your advantage. If possible, load said tree with heavy objects: rocks, wet blankets, and dead bodies.
Deserts  
Wear winter coats to block out the sun’s heat. When available, tie bags of ice around torso to discourage heat stroke. If ever thirsty, drink the melted ice. Hiding places excellent for spying on and attacking zombies include: Sand dunes. The undead are indifferent to wastelands. They will walk on the sand with ease. If they trip and fall, they will eat the sand and absorb just enough minerals to move on. Because of this, reputable scientists and nuns hypothesize that it may be possible for the zombie to live forever and ever in a desert.
Cemeteries
The worst place for any human to be…and yet, for the zombie hunter, the best. The cemetery is a hotbed of zombie activity. It is The Belly of The Beast, if you will. The hunter’s preferred hiding place? On top of a mausoleum. Keep low, and search the area with binoculars. Give special attention to fresh burials. Zombies crawl out from their graves periodically. 
This is especially true during the rainy season. Because of their Hypersleeping, they have harnessed enough energy to literally claw and eat their way through any coffin – wood or metal – or if they are buried deep under the ground, they will eat dirt. (This stored energy is utilized fully during the rising process, after which, the zombie’s power bar descends from 100% to Slow.)
Houses
Perfect for living in. Fortunately, the walking dead are attracted to such structures, beating on the front and back doors and smashing the windows, trying desperately to get in. Do not misplace any kind of key. Do not shoot at locked gas tanks out of frustration. Do not hide in the basement. DO tie up and gag dangerous humans who only argue and further complicate the situation. DO watch the news. DO search the house thoroughly for dead bodies before use. Be sure to board up all doors and windows – do so using solid boards that you can’t punch through. 
This is not to keep them out, but to keep them in – as many as possible! DO hide in the attic. Zombies cannot jump and pull down the attic door. In keeping with your goal to obtain a zombie sample, help a zombie up into the attic. Rob the zombie of its organs and then kill it in the head. Once the house is full of zombies, cook them with a flamethrower and jump out the window. 
Mansions
Keep track of all keys, safety pins, CD’s, jewels, and professionally shaped stones. Keep all green and blue plants you find for future medicinal use. Make sure to push and check under statues, crates, and desks – also use to access hard to reach places. 
Do not go outside until a helicopter is heard. Be suspicious of individuals, military or otherwise, that speak in an unusually corny manner.
Churches 
Chances of encountering Zombie Nuns, Zombie Priests, and Child Zombies are high. Only enter a church when absolutely necessary: If you are healthy and are hunting, if you hunger, if you are being chased, if you are sore, or if your sidekick experiences any of the above. 
Weapons that can be found in churches are – but not limited to – crosses, colorful window panels (or shards), weighty bibles, and oversized, priest-dressing gowns, which can be used as Blinding Blankets. 
Supermarkets 
Ideal for meals and restroom facilities. Be sure to turn off sliding glass doors and to remove magical, door-opening mat. Barricade glass doors. Once you are well fed and satisfied, open the doors and allow entrance to a zombie so you can extract a sample. 
If additional, redundant zombies break through the glass doors due to insurmountable numbers and amazing teamwork, hide in the storage room and obstruct door. Wait until it is quiet, then exit store.
Bathrooms
…in gas stations and schools and beaches are special hideaways for the zombie. They can be found in the last stall, which is almost always closed. Take this test: Sit in an empty stall next to the suspect. Pretend to be using the toilet – flush even, to make it more realistic. 
Now wait. If you hear a steady stream of fertilizer for more than an hour, the person in the next stall is a zombie. If no weapon is available, use tubing or rods found in the toilet. If you are being attacked and find yourself locked in a bathroom, climb out of the window to escape. If you are in an apartment high-rise DO NOT climb out the window.
Boats  
Sometimes housing dead bodies that have died at sea due to desperate drinking of salt water and insanity via Agoraphobia. 
Mountains
You can find frozen zombies here!
Shopping Malls
Every year, at least 50 zombies are reported over police radios – seen walking through mall parking lots and disturbing shy security guards. As a hunter, it would be wise of you to disguise yourself as a security guard to get close to such a zombie and kidnap it. On your first day on the job as a security guard, whether you are female or male, introduce yourself as Slack and shake hands. Make sure it is strong, yet gentle. Then sit down.
Cabins (BONUS)
Although cabins are associated more with demons, you are likely to find yourself in such a place as a result of a zombie hunt; therefore, caution must still be used. Things to watch out for: unseen, screaming force; dancing corpses, laughing furniture, basement doors, attacking trees, demonic possessions, blood-filled walls, criminals hiding loot under trees, flying 1973 Oldsmobile Delta Royales “The Classic”, and time portals. It is advised that you do not go into a cabin and instead seek shelter up a tree.

Food
What is Starvation?
A state of extreme hunger, resulting from lack of essential nutrients over a prolonged period.
Just like a zombie, we too hunger. Food equals energy and energy equals triumph. Have food on you at all times. Keep water in your backpack and meat in your pocket. As zombie hunter Megg Wright once wrote, “I have a cheeseburger in my back pocket.”
There are two types of starvation: Intentional and Accidental. We shall examine all two in basic detail.
1. Intentional
Dietitians and nutritionists call this Fasting, with the purpose of cleansing the body. The hunter must be suspicious, for continuous, deliberate starvation could be a dangerous sign of anorexia, bulimia, or craziness.
2. Accidental
If you find yourself in a desolate, foodless location, or lost your feedbag, or your sidekick consumed your feedbag, then you are experiencing Accidental Starvation. It’s not your fault.
The hunter does not have to go on starving, for, as you shall learn, there is and will always be food close to you. 


How To Properly Cook A Zombie
First things first: Bless the meat by drowning it in holy water. Once it has been cleansed, you may proceed with the following instructions. Zombie meat can be high in protein, lush with nutrients and quite fulfilling, depending on the freshness of the corpse. To prepare, preheat caldron of boiling water over medium flame. Carve flesh off from a fresh, “living” zombie. Don’t forget to properly dispose of the creature afterwards. (Disposal, pg.82)
Mince meat into small cubes and toss into boiling water. Add in pinch of salt and the entire contents of at least one bottle of Tabasco sauce. Stir every 15 minutes or until meat is softened. Test by mashing meat with utensil. When ready, turn off or put out flame(s) and serve. (This is a basic method for zombie stew; for more recipes, please see Zombie Recipes.)
The key is to boil thoroughly. The process will purify the zombie meat of any unwanted substances, as any boy scout will tell you. Later, the hunter is advised to brush their teeth after every meal and before bedtime.
With fitting purification of your zombie meat, you have now established a fine meal. Just be sure that you get a priest to bless the meat first. And be sure that said priest is a real priest and not just some yahoo looking for attention and a few extra bucks for beer.
Illness
If you have failed to properly cook the zombie meat, you may experience a sense of malaise, cold sweating, throat convulsions, eye-sores, back pains, front pains, discoloration of nipples, enlargement of nipples, shrinkage of nipples, vanishing of nipples, panic attacks, triple vision, lack of tongue control, heart murmurs, sudden deafness, and lock jaw. This is normal and is no reason for alarm. 
The symptoms will take full effect within 15 minutes after consumption of erroneously cooked meat. As described by hunter Polly Torrez (UK), in an excerpt from her upcoming book Rat:
“In nearing the end of this biography, I shall now describe, in excruciating detail, what happened to me when I digested poorly prepared zombie meat. My muscles felt like they were burning. I wanted to explode my throat. I was seeing things – startling things: Pink bunnies and flying toasters. She was there as well, riding a flying mushroom and drinking brandy. I kept hearing phones ringing in my head, so I picked up one of the phones and on the other end a little voice said to me “Silencio…Silencio…” My jaw locked. I had received lockjaw. So I said to my sidekick, “Lockjaw! Lockjaw!” I never saw her again. Oh, Rat, how I miss you.” 
—Rat, pg.8
To combat these symptoms, the patient must drink a combination of water and Wesson oil every 30 minutes and urinate constantly. Urine must be nice. No blood is allowed inside. She/he must lie on the ground, face down, preferably in the sidekick’s lap as they massage the small of the hunter’s back in tiny circles. This will ease the spleen and excite the gut. With enough encouragement, the body will sweat the vile toxins onto the ground.
Instruct your sidekick to burn the grass. If they ask why you can’t do it yourself, collapse, and with your eyes closed say that you can’t because you are so very weak.
Now the vile toxins must be washed off your skin. Lean against a tree in the nude and look over your shoulder, gaily. With a strict tone instruct your sidekick to bathe you with a wet sponge on a stick. While you are being cleansed, demand that your sidekick keep their eyes open – for this is a learning experience, and there is much to be learned.


Unleashing your bodily waste
Proper Fecal Matter Disposal
When your stomach is done processing your intake, it is now time to release your waste. Unfortunately, unlike normal litter, zombie fecal matter and urine liquor is weird. The subject will undergo severe tummy craps (or cramps) and disturbing leg vibrations. Time will stand still, then speed up, then stop all together. They will vomit in their mouth, and then swallow their vomit. Their hair will fall out, and then grow back, miserably. All of this in under 2 minutes.
Finally, you will feel a suspenseful tension in your bowels. The hunter must run far away into the distance away from all vegetation and squat in an open, dirty field. Your feces will be the first to appear. It will be stink. Hold your breath and approve yourself. Then prepare your being. The matter will come out a frightening yellow. Do not panic. Pulsate your belly. Your feces will come out smooth, yet it will tickle. Do not scratch.
Urination will follow. While still in a squatting position, lay your palms against your belly and push into it continuously at a startling speed. You will see a purple bead of liquid forming from your penis and/or vagina.
At the sight of this, rest on your back and angle your hips skyward. You will suddenly find that your urine has escaped you and is now streaming into the air at a hard to believe distance. You have no control over this. The best you can do is watch and enjoy. (As opposed to feces, the urine is harmless. In fact, many hunters have found this unusual urine as well as standard urine useful in soothing rabid jellyfish stings and secretive insect bites. And then they drink it.)  
When you are done, grip toilet paper or dead leaves and wipe away excrement. If you are a female hunter, you are reminded that the motion is from front to back. 
Never from back to front. 
The reasons are healthy.
Proper Urine & Fecal Matter Locations
As we have touched in the above topic, there are specific places you must go to (and many times create) when disposing any kind of bodily waste – whether the urine or dung are zombie influenced or not. If you have access to a field, clear a small area of all shrubbery to get a nice patch of dirt. Dig a deep hole – the deeper the better. When you are done unleashing your waste, pour it into the hole and then burn the hole. Plant a daisy over the hole to inform other hunters of what you have just done.
If you are in a dense forest, defecate and urinate into a tree trunk; then burn it down, and salute it.
If on a wonderful beach, feel free to use the sea as your own personal lavatory. The fish live there and will applaud your courage…and the free meal. (Fish are not affected in any way by digested zombie meat. This bizarre fact is currently being analyzed by the world’s top scientists and witches.)
The key is to keep the matter away from you, your sidekick, animals, insects, your baby, and the local plant life. If the dung is gobbled, intensely sniffed, sat on, or absorbed, the subject will become a member of the walking dead and must receive a beating.
The perils of bodily waste consumption
In times of intense hunger, when there is no vegetation or animals, or zombies to boil, you may have an intense need to consume your fecal matter. This is a desperate attempt and must be avoided at all costs.


Sexual intercourse
Choosing The Right Zombie
Preferably a fresh, reanimated corpse
Death by natural causes
Zero limb loss – excellent exterior appearance
15-30 years of age
Not yet embalmed
Bathed
Bowels cleansed
Protection
CONDOMS
Penis protection against fanatical germs and venereal diseases. Comes in a variety of exciting colors and flavors, such as Gum, Banana, Mint, Vanilla, Chocolate, Rocky Road, Peppermint, Beer, Cigarette, Rash, Book, Baga Ong, Tilapia, Penis, Mouth, Wrath, and Cherry. 
(WARING: The condom is not fit to be eaten.)
Proper application of condom is as follows:
1. Take out from wrapper.
2. Roll over 1-30 inch penis (female or life partner may use hands, mouth, or feet).
3. Commence sexual intercourse.
4. Stop.
5. Throw away after repeated use (condom).
May be a choking hazard. Keep away from children. A condom does NOT guarantee protection against infection and pregnancy.

FEMALE CONDOM
A giant-sized version of the male condom, which is shoved, carefully, into the female vagina. Baby-preventing pills may also be taken.
(picture removed due to
religious objection)
fig.6
1. Quietly insert the inner ring into the vagina. Feel the inner ring go up and slither into place. Place index finger inside condom and push the inner ring skyward. (fig.6)
(picture removed due to
religious objection)
fig.7
2. Do not push condom too far into vagina. (fig.7)
(picture removed due to
religious objection)
fig.8
3. Do not insert foreign objects into vagina, specifically hammers. (fig.8-9)
4. The female condom is now in place and ready to be enjoyed with partner. When you are relaxed, tenderly guide your partner’s penis into the condom's opening with your hand, foot, or mouth to make sure that it enters appropriately.
5. Commence sexual situation.
6. Tap your partner on the back when you are done.
7. Throw away after repeated use (condom).
(picture removed due to
religious objection)
fig.9 (head in vagina)
May be a choking hazard. Keep away from children. A female condom does NOT guarantee protection against infection and pregnancy. Condoms are most effective if used prior to sexual intercourse.
Cleaning Up
When sexual intercourse is complete and the zombie is disposed of, remember to clean any runaway spills or loose meat from off the floor and or walls. Be sure to inform your sidekick what you have done, so they will not touch the perilous areas. Hopefully, he or she had been watching the whole time as a learning experience.
Take the mop and any other cleaning materials outside and put them into a hole or tree trunk. Burn them and immediately follow through by pouring concrete into the hole/trunk.
Notice your sidekick.
Are they shaking? Are they crying? Mumbling? Put your hands on their shoulders and update them that everything is going to be okay – that what you just did was regular and traditional. Be genuine. This will make them feel better. Guide them back into the house/hut/tent and instruct them to sit on a rocking chair and watch over the stained areas while you go to sleep. You must be sure that no animals, insects, or babies eat the dirty areas.


How Zombies View our Dimension
When Columbus' ships came near the Caribbean Islands, the Indians plainly couldn’t see them because they could not understand what they were witnessing. They had no knowledge of ships – these large beasts that ran on water. Their spiritualist saw weird wrinkles in the sea, not comprehending what was happening. Though we do not know what brings a zombie back from the dead, we DO know how they perceive our dimension. This is thanks to science – specifically, theoretical physics.
We are but fishes in a giant tank at Sea Life Park. All we know is what we see around us – crabs, rocks, and other fishes (or, as a dolphin on DuckTales once called them, “Fishies”).
The Tank is our World. We barely comprehend what lies beyond it. So it is understandable how shocked we are when we see a strange, distorted “entity” peeking in at us through the glass, sometimes waving at us. This “entity” is something we – as fishies – have an arduous time comprehending. The Zombie views our world differently than us. For example, instead of seeing a sexy lady, it sees/hears a massive blob of edible goo on high heels that shrieks unintelligible words, with various sticks sprouting from it. Instead of a car hastening towards the zombie, it can only recognize some kind of weird, monster ice cream cone that can float at an incredible speed. And a tasty cone, at that.
On the other hand, we see walking corpses that are disgusting and falling apart and stink. 
What if this is a fallacy? What if we’re only seeing what we have been taught to see? It is entirely possible that zombies may see themselves differently. Perhaps she is a lawyer simply ordering a burger at a fast food restaurant, or a doctor trying to buy a candy bar from the snack machine. But his dollar bill keeps getting rejected.
You’d be angry, too.
Perhaps they are perfectly clean and tidy. And maybe even smell radiant. Zombies and Humans exist in a universe that, out of ignorance and narrow-mindedness, neither fully comprehend. Gravity and Time, Life and Death are pesky illusions. They are our notions. Is the zombie aware of such things? Therefore, do such things apply to it? Maybe this is the ever-illusive secret of the walking dead – vampires and ghosts included.  
Indeed, the zombie lives a simple life where the politics of pain and death are nonexistent – as if to illustrate mathematician George Bernhard Riemann’s principle that the laws of nature become uncomplicated in elevated dimensions. Perhaps, at some point in Earth’s evolution, these zombies have somehow done, and are still doing – even with our advanced Science – what we cannot.
Crossover. 
Will we ever know this as fact? Asking a zombie would be futile. The zombie speaks in a language that to our ears would be total gibberish and too anguished to comprehend. It would be as difficult as visualizing a cube in four dimensions – also known as Hinton’s Cube, or Hypercube, created by mathematician Charles Hinton as a way to see what objects appear as in the fourth dimension.
Can a zombie effortlessly visualize a Hypercube? Can they see into the fourth dimension? 
The above being addressed, a warning shall be stated here, that we humans must be careful to not perform the misleading notion of anthropomorphism. We should never see similarities in these “beings” from beyond the grave. With their attitude, they are NOT us and will NEVER be us.
Whether we like it or not, Wo(Man) and Zombie have coexisted since the recording of history…and they are here with us to this day. How we humans choose to view this Universe is entirely a choice any one of us can make in any given moment at any given day. The same opportunity can be said for zombies.
Life at Sea Life Park is one of many possibilities.
Still, the questions remain: Who are the tourists?
And who are the Fishies?


Disguising Yourself As A Zombie
Rewards & Tribulations
When we dress up as a zombie, we become one with the zombie. They will not want to attack you, let alone eat you (save for the dreaded Cannibal Zombie). The rewards are great. Disguised as a zombie, the hunter is able to approach a member of the walking dead – sometimes even nose-to-nose! – and cut off their head. There have been numerous reports from Oahu where hunters have walked up to a zombie and punched them in the face…and the zombie did nothing. The hunter and the zombie stand there for many seconds, unflinching, ever staring into the other’s eyes as the sun sets behind them.
These same hunters have said that the undead creatures seem to want to cry – that there is an intense sadness in their eyes. These hunters respond by embracing the zombie and crying into its soft chest. And yet the creature does not attack or even attempt to taste the hunter.
Sometimes it does bewildering things, like pat your head, as one hunter – Mirren from Makiki – has said, in court, under oath. It is important not to intimidate the creature. Once disguised, the hunter gains a sense of power and happiness. They will feel like Gods and walk around with their chests aimed skyward and their noses pushed outward. Many will point and laugh at the zombie. This is wrong. The creature will see through your disguise and try to put its mouth on you. Many have died this way, resulting in the sidekick completing the objective and gaining the booty. And yet, punching a zombie does nothing. 
The difficult characteristic concerning Zombie Disguisitation, or what ancient Hawaiians refer to as Fisting, is mastering the act of acting. Failure of this will result in instant death and sad reanimation. Or worst…years of disfigurement. The following exercise is guaranteed to strengthen your acting abilities.
Scene: “Under Attack”
SIDEKICK: Hunter, the zombie is standing right in front of us. Please advise.
HUNTER: Put your mouth on it.
SIDEKICK: Yes, master. (pause) Oh! I am a zombie now! My arms are held out in front of me and I grow with crazy wishes! Please, refrain from the runs. I want to put my appetite inside of you.
HUNTER: My tactics have proven infantile; therefore, I apologize. Have I lost thou, friend?
SIDEKICK: Come in with the elk, come in with the elk, come in with the elk…
HUNTER: (to original zombie) Dear zombie, my sidekick’s thinking patterns are now weird. His brain is broke. And you did it. Look! I have deceased him. Yes, zombie, come to me. Quiet or I will blow your throat up.
This exercise must be repeated at least fifty times to ensure the excellence of your acting abilities.


Moaning, Walking, and Eating
The walking dead have mastered three abilities: Moaning, Walking, and Eating. To be seen as one of them, YOU, despite their difficulty, must also master these actions.
Moaning
To moan properly, exhale deeply. Say the word Propaganda over and over again while inhaling. Do this many times until you have become familiar with the word and have become lightheaded. You can practice anywhere, even during lovemaking. When you are ready, sit in a comfortable chair. Stand up and face a full-scale mirror. Walk close to the mirror so your lips are touching it. Repeat what you have practiced.
“Propaganda…Propaganda…Propaganda…”
Do you see feel like laughing at yourself? Do you feel shamed? This is not acceptable. A real zombie would not feel shamed. It is unclear why this is. If you are experiencing disgrace, then you are probably not inhaling properly. Additional practice is advised. Try having your sidekick put their fingers in your mouth. Do not make eye contact. Continue to practice as usual, imagining that your sidekick does NOT have their fingers in your mouth. This has proven effective for many zombie hunters.
Pour 10 spoonfuls of salt and the insides of 30 lemons (pulp included) into a see-though cup. This must be swallowed each morning for the following 3 months. Complete the process by gargling with vinegar and then swallowing your vinegar. The sheer quality of your voice from this point on will be noticeably breathtaking. 
Months later, if you are disciplined and have been faithful to this moaning exercise, your throat will produce an effective, non-disgraced sound that will be applauded by any zombie.
Walking
Be in the nude. Stand before a full-scale mirror showcasing your state of undress. Hold out your arms, as any zombie would. Now hop up and down – take huge jumps, landing in huge squats. 
Now take tiny jumps – focusing on your toes. Practice your moans. Alternate from huge to tiny jumps until your legs are exhausted. To help you overcome your disgrace, please have your sidekick watch you, also naked (or nakes).
Stretch out on the grass and instruct your sidekick to strangle one of your legs. When it is asleep, thank your sidekick and walk about. You will be joyous in its difficulty. Nonetheless, you will be dragging your leg and therefore will be walking appropriately – in zombie conditions. On the field, when you (and your sidekick) are disguised as zombies, have your sidekick strangle your leg periodically.
Eating
Zombies are slow, untidy eaters. Practice this at mealtime or while eating your sidekick’s meal. Be as messy as possible. Try to get some food onto your sidekick’s face. Instruct them to not be angry with you because you are merely acting. If they do not believe that you are a zombie, have them put their fingers in your mouth.
A Zombie’s Fashion Sense
Zombies have their own sense of fashion, and it is Grime. It matters not if the “fresh” zombie is in a clean business suit or wedding dress or Japanese schoolgirl uniform. In the end, the zombie is dirty.
When camouflaging yourself as a member of the walking dead, be wise in not so much what you wear, but how you wear it. Try rolling around in the mud and then putting your clothes on and having your sidekick urinate on you. Smile when they do this, so their bladders do not “lock up” due to shame. If they wave at you, then the bladder is relaxed.
You could burn your clothes halfway and then wear them, use your pants as a shirt or your shirt as pants, even vomit into your undergarments and then wearing these undergarments (do not regurgitate into undergarments if you have open wounds). The possibilities are endless. If all else fails, steal the clothes off a zombie’s back. And then kill the naked zombie.
How to Develop your Sense of Hearing
The ear. It must be taken good care of. You must bathe it and protect it. The walking dead have the terrifying ability to creep while not making the tiniest of sounds. You will need the ear to detect the approach of the zombie – especially during nighttime hours.
To further develop the power of hearing, the hunter would benefit well utilizing a method known as Barbara’s Monster Box, where the hunter sits in a large metal box in the dark for one undisturbed week. When the sidekick lets out the hunter, their sense of hearing (and sight) will be increased ten-fold. Children must not be put into Barbara’s Monster Box without written approval by parent or guardian.
(Due to the mental state of certain hunters as a result from being in Barbara’s Monster Box for a week, it is advised that the hunter be checked by the sidekick to make certain they are psychologically ready to be let free.)


Living Dead Animals
Persona
The Animal Zombie is no different in personality than that of the Human Zombie. The walking dead animal is a slow, moaning, flesh-hungry creature. As mentioned earlier, animal zombie death is the same as human zombie death.
The hunter must aim for total brain ruining.
Below you will be introduced to typical animal zombies most encountered by the hunter.
CAT
Can be found in bathtubs, standing on hind feet with back faced toward you. When disturbed, the zombie cat hisses in reverse, its pitch rising then lowering. If left alone, the cat will give birth to other troubled zombie cats via mouth. Though relatively risk-free, the hunter is still advised to kill the zombie cat to death.
DOG
Stands on streets, unmoving, drooling. The eyes have been clawed out due to self-mutilation. The tongue has also been stretched to an amazing length and lies on the ground, twitching and saddened. The zombie dog is unique, in that when food is seen, it laughs.
RAT
Moves across the floor at an incredibly slow speed. Has the bad habit of trying to crawl into a sleeping human’s mouth. The hunter must be careful. It is advised that the hunter instruct the sidekick to put their hand over the hunter’s mouth during sleeping hours and bathroom hours.
SPIDER
Stores all available strength into its legs. Hops up and down in place, excelling in height with each jump. Their goal is to land on the hunter’s head and burrow into their brain so they can feed. At the same time, they possess the hunter to jump into the ocean. 
When in water, the spider lays its eggs inside of the skull. When the eggs hatch, it eats its offspring.
SNAKE
Stands on tip of tail, resulting in a pole-like appearance. Frightening in form, a zombie snake by itself is quite harmless. You can pick it up and pet it. If you wish, you can put your mouth on it. However, if there is a pack of zombie snakes – and they are surveying the land – you are to evacuate the area immediately. 
When sustenance is seen, zombie snakes let out an ear shattering “Aiiiiiiiiiii!” and swallow their neighbor’s tail to form a giant-sized, standing snake that will hop after you. If you are in reaching distance, the snakes will fall onto you and render you unconscious, permitting them to eat you.
LION
Can be found in grassy areas such as fields and backyards and playgrounds. They have eaten away their long manes and genitals and rear-legs. When sustenance is seen, they fall asleep, crying.
MONKEY
Dangles out from tree by its tail. It’s strange in that the zombie monkey has a metal box in place of its face. Many a hunter have tried to open these boxes, and were never heard from again. The legend of the monkey’s box has grown over the centuries. Some speculate that there is a treasure inside; while many believe there is nothing at all but the monkey’s detached facial matter, and wine.
(The selling of wine found inside a Zombie Monkey is illegal in over 30 states, including Hawaii.)
PARROT
Trapped in their cages, these zombie animals can be found in houses and apartment complexes and pet stores. They do nothing, but sit on their perches, muttering over and over again “The rose in your back”. Many have tried to translate what these zombie parrots are talking about, but have either gone insane or, in some cases, lost weight. 
When encountering a zombie parrot, you are directed to put your hands – or have your sidekick put their hands – over your ears and simply walk past. If possible, drape a sheet over the cage. The bird will think that it is nighttime and fall asleep.
THE YETI
Over the centuries, speculation has surrounded the Yeti in regards to its existence. The majority explain No. Yet, this is an erroneous belief. The Yeti has been with us since American Revolution times. Many thrive in the sticks of America and the frozen hills of Chinese Land. The Zombie Yeti is no exemption. As a matter of fact, unlike their living counterparts, the zombie version of a Yeti can be found lumbering down your neighborhood streets. They are strong and very obvious. The only way to kill one is to shove a metal spike through its bulbous, rock-like head. Many have tried and either have died, or gone retarded. If you ever so see one, and for whatever reason do not have a metal spike or a variety of muscles…flee. 
KANGAROO
This zombie animal hibernates in discarded automobiles. When a meal is identified, they kick open the door, tuck and roll, and collapse onto the ground. Due to its inability to run, they will simply arch its back and aim its pouch toward the meal. A sweet, beautiful scent will be emitted, coaxing the meal to investigate the zombie kangaroo. If in range, the beautiful scent will instantly turn pong and a baby kangaroo will pounce onto the victim and burrow into its belly. Throughout this, the mother kangaroo will be bleeping. Once the meal is killed or unconscious, the baby kangaroo will put food into its mouth and feed the mother like a bird.
FLAMINGO
Stands in lakes and ponds on one leg. The other leg can be seen held in its mouth. It has crazy eyes. If disturbed, the creature will attack by blasting its eyes out at you. Without its eyes, it will not be able to see its food; therefore, it will feast on its legs and continue to consume the rest of its body. In the end, it will be nothing but a head. The zombie flamingo cannot reproduce. 
CAMEL
When feasting on wo(man) or animal, keeps its meal in the hump for future meals. If you kill a zombie camel and are starved, you are urged to eat its stored hump-meats.*Various parts of the zombie camel are also edible, except for the foul tasting camel toe, unless cleaned thoroughly before consumption. Then it is a delight.
*Please follow proper food purification instructions.
GIRAFFE
Usually seen loitering on the outside-stairs of various buildings. The long neck has gone purple and the mouth constantly burps an offensive odor. Because of its sluggish insides, the zombie giraffe does not bother to run or give chase. It attacks by shoving its face through windows, biting its victims, pulling them outside and dropping them to their deaths. Before it eats its meal, the zombie giraffe has to kneel.
ELEPHANT
Popular on city streets. Contrary to popular belief, it is not the elephant itself that has come back from the dead, but the nose or trunk. It controls the elephant body, making it do things against its will. It sticks things into its mouth, ignoring its pleas. To combat this creature, one must cut off the nose and burn it to death. WARNING: When threatened, the nose defends itself by shooting out baffled, elephant fetuses that yell.


IF YOU ARE BITTEN
If a zombie – animal or human – ever bites you or your sidekick, you are to be immediately concerned. The important thing is to settle down.
You are not dead yet. Your body will fight to survive. Take this time – these last few hours – to write your Last Will & Testament, comfort your sidekick, or confess your sins and darkest secrets so you can get into Heaven. Your sidekick will be helpful in this area. They will be more than happy to forgive you of your past and your eccentricities. They will guide you through a process of soul cleansing.
This is called The Rainbow Room.
And it will make your final moments a soothing one, indeed.
The Rainbow Room
The method takes place in no room at all, but rather a lake or field. The hunter and sidekick are to dress appropriately prior the ceremony: Sidekick and hunter must take off all clothing (it is advised your sidekick still wear priestly scarves).
The two must stand in a lake (or field if lake is not available) with the hunter kneeling before the sidekick. Torches are to be put around them. The hunter can then confess all of her/his past wrongdoings and guilty pleasures or anything else that is bothering them. The sidekick must tilt their head back and stare into the sky with their arms held out and not express any emotion during the process, for fear of scaring the dying hunter.
When done, the hunter will say ‘The end’. The sidekick can now begin reciting the Rainbow of Forgiveness. 
Oh yay oh yay oh yay, thou has now come to the rainbow room of mercy to find safe passage to Heaven with the angels who may or may not be aliens. Does not this dying soul deserve your love, O God? Your hugs? Your kisses? Yessm. Please, O God, forgive this soul you see kneeling before my belly. Damn the zombie that has bitten her and is now raping her insides! Damn the zombie that has taken this poor soul away from this world! May I spit? Thank you. Will you accept this child, O God, into your confusing embrace? Will you carry her on your back into the sunset? Yessm. Amen. And Awomen. 
Once these words of spiritual salvation have been spoken, the sidekick is to cut the hunter’s head in half, vertically. This must be done in one swell swoop or else the soul will be sent instantly to Hell. 
(A note from the author’s attorney: DO NOT murder people! DO NOT LISTEN TO THIS BOOK! Author is not responsible for the reader’s actions. Thank you. -Mr. Attorney)
In such a case, the only way to save the hunter’s soul is with the eating of their brain, raw. An ex hunter from Minnesota, Asia O'Bannon, tells it well:
“After I said the Rainbow of Forgiveness, I held the sword over my head. Oh no…I was so afraid…And then I sliced into Cleo’s skull, but my hands SLIPPED. I think it was because we were standing in a lake. The sword only went in halfway! Cleo shrieked out and ran around through the lake, slowly! I screamed and began pulling out my hair and then I ate my hair. Hours later, Cleo stopped screaming and fell. I dragged the body out from the water onto the beach and then I ate her brain while crying on the beach. I think I threw up twenty times. Jesus Christ, you made me re-eat my own spills. What have I become? What have I become? Bring in the elk.”
To further prepare the dying soul for their death, it is important to remind them that death is merely a part of existence – that the After Life is another adventure for the hunter and sidekick – an adventure where many more vampires and ghosts and werewolves and Zombies await them.
So enjoy, fellow Zombie Hunter.
Goodnight, and Good luck.


A Philosophical Theory
When you are bitten, the world around you deteriorates at an amazing rate. Your heart slows, but you do not notice. You find yourself walking through a desert. You get into a boat. You sail into the horizon – which turns red, then white, then blue, and then white…You are in a giant white space and standing on an ocean that makes no noise. There are two clouds, and when each one speaks, they flare.
One of them asks you to make a choice, “Die and take your chances of either entering Heaven or Hell, or eat forever and ever at The Zombie Banquet.” 
Say you choose The Zombie Banquet, for fear of going to Hell. You are then transported to a cloudy world high above the earth where there’s a long table of food that stretches out forever in both directions. You are instructed to eat – and to keep eating. This is not a problem, for you are suddenly very hungry.
Cloud 1: They will eat and keep eating to fill their hunger.
Cloud 2: Yes. But what happens when they become full?
Cloud 1: (pause) …I don’t know.


Going Home
Transporting Your Zombie
If you do not wish to chop your zombie into convenient pieces, feel free to fold them up and place them into a briefcase. If your zombie is rotund, seat them in the back of your vehicle and bind them to the walls – arms and legs outstretched. The mouth must be gagged.
Remember to put a sheet of white plastic underneath the zombie to catch any mischievous liquids. When done, wrap the contents up. These can later be used in a variety of experiments.
If desired, you may also put an adult diaper on the zombie. When driving, it is recommended you put cotton in your ears to keep out any torturous sounds emitting from the zombie. Even if gagged, the zombie will still make worrying throat-sounds. Sometimes they are barley audible. Hours and possibly days of exposure to repeated zombie moaning, even on a subconscious level, can result in permanent psychosis.
Surprising Stops
Next to police annoyance, an assortment of other incidents can trouble and delay your journey home. Be prepared for these situations:
a) Your zombie may break free from its ropes and thrash about and put its mouth on the back of your sidekick’s head. b) You may get a flat tire, in which case you must command your sidekick to play mechanic. c) Your sidekick may suddenly lose her mind and scream. d) There may be a zombie clinging to the top or bottom or top and bottom of your vehicle and is/are now attacking your sidekick. e) You have accidentally been bitten, but told no one due to shame and now YOU are a zombie and are eating your sidekick and look! Now the car is in a ditch. 
These things happen everyday. Many hunters and sidekicks – so close to home and completing their mission – have died these many ways. 
When on the road, keep an open mind and pay attention to your senses. If possible, always drive at night to avoid suspicion. And above everything else, tell your sidekick if you have been bitten. Do not be ashamed.
Shame equals blame.
And blame equals BLAM! from a gun.
Police Avoidance
First, try not to get pulled over. Always drive under the speed limit. If you require glasses, wear them so you can identify the various road signs. If you are overwhelmed with Road Rage, pull over and order your sidekick to throw water on your face and then to punch you in the face. This will indubitably set you back into the right frame of mind.
Shake hands and drive on.
If you follow the above, but still find yourself being pulled over by a police officer, please read the below in full detail.
1. Breathe naturally
2. Put a rug over your zombie
3. Dismantle the ceiling light
4. Comfort the officer; do exactly what they order
5. Try passing the zombie off as a drunken friend. Put glasses on it so it looks smart. Comb its hair and pour perfume on its head. Complete the makeover with a tiara. Before the office opens the back door, throw glitter around the zombie.
6. Try the Pregnancy plan as discussed in the chapter On the road
7. If that fails, have your sidekick scream and pull out a knife and then run out the car, screaming. The officer will scream as well and run after your sidekick. At this point, speed off, screaming. After you have driven around for an hour or so, drive back and pick up your sidekick. Be silent for at least two hours. (Plan the pick up prior to being pulled over.)
Sometimes you will receive an inquisitive police officer. This type loves to abuse their power and searches through vehicles and takes things that do not belong to them, like alcohol and drugs and even clothing. If you indeed encounter said officer, un-gag your zombie. Allow the snooping officer to freely examine your vehicle. Your hope is that they will peek under the rug and be bitten by your zombie.
At this point, you know what to do next.
Properly Walking Your Zombie Toward Your Home
It is recommended that you guide your zombie out from your vehicle at night. Secure your zombie with ropes. They will struggle. Do all you can with the aid of your sidekick to walk your zombie to the front door of your house as quietly as possible. If your neighbors look at you secretly from their windows, feel free to wave as if everything is normal.
Laugh, as well.
If your zombie somehow breaks free and speed walks down the street with the rug over its head, DO NOT RUN AFTER IT. Calmly walk back into your car, start it up, pull out of your driveway and run the zombie over. It is important that you aim for the buttocks.
The zombie will be stunned.
When reversing, avoid running over the head. The zombie will at this point be passive enough to walk safely into your house. Once inside, push your zombie down the basement stairs, gently. And bolt the door.
Handling the Neighbors with Love
Neighbors can pose a serious problem. They must be dealt with quickly and wisely. When telling the neighbor a lie, one must be calm and collected. Do not touch the neighbor. Stand at least three feet away from them at all times. If possible, wear delightful perfume, like Secret Garden by Victoria’s Secret. This will soothe the neighbor on a subconscious level.
Tell them that what they saw – the suspicious figure under a rug – was normal. Tell them with a bright, relaxing smile that it was your mother. She is sick and horribly scarred from a train wreck that happened recently and you were transporting her from the hospital. She is very insecure about her looks. And she cries a lot.
At this point, the neighbor will gasp and touch you on the shoulder. Do not panic. This is good. They sympathize with you, and will most likely try to relate to your situation with a personal story written via the pen of depression. Listen and nod your head understandably. Cry, if desired. This will only make them care for you more. Hug them. Odds are they will hug back. Ask her/him for their telephone number, but do not call them until after three days. You don’t want to appear desperate. When you do call, sound sad. Sniff every 7 seconds.
On the first date, pick a restaurant that’s not too expensive. You want to say Yes, I am willing to pay for our future love, but I’m not rich. Let us help each other, financially. If they want to pay for the check, let them, but be gracious. Tell them that they are very generous and that you will cover the next meal. They will smile and nod. Smile and nod back. On the second week, wait for them to call (if they have fallen in love with you, they will call at least every other day). Ask if they are okay, and that if anything is ever bothering them they can call you for support. Say this with a hint of depression. They will ask if everything is satisfactory and be truly concerned for your well-being.
Say No, you are not feeling satisfactory – that you are so confused and everything is falling apart and you don’t now what to do. They will ask if you would like to come over for dinner and some company. Hesitate here…and then respond with, “Yes I would like that. Thank you.” Notice how polite you are?
Before you go over, remember to shower and trim any rabid nose hairs. Studies have shown that nothing disturbs and confuses the date more than the wandering nose hair. Dress well for the dinner, but don’t wear a suit. Wear comfortable clothing in preparation for the obvious. Spray on perfume (cologne is far too stiff and heavy) whether you are female or male in strategic areas – like the neck and hands. Avoid spraying your genitals for risk of mad burning. While bathing, soap is adequate for these dainty areas. Finally, apply lip-gloss. Watermelon is wonderful. When they open the door for you, hug them – but not too tightly. You want your hug to say I’m happy to see you, but I am not at all desperate. You will notice that they, too, are well dressed.
During dinner, DO NOT appear depressed. At this point, it will only begin to annoy your love interest and bore them. Instead, tell jokes. Laugh at their jokes. Always remember to chew and laugh with your mouth closed. If you forget and a piece of food shoots out, do not pick it up and eat it. Chances are she’ll be watching, even if it looks like she’s not.
Only after dinner, when you are about to exit their dwelling, are you allowed to kiss her/him.
Begin by hugging her and saying goodbye, but this time – unlike all the other times – hold her a few seconds longer. Sensually caress her cheek with your own. Now slowly bring your mouth across her cheek, toward her lips, but do not touch lip! 
Peek to see if her eyes are closed in a sexy way. If they are, this is good news. Close your eyes again.
Wait for her mouth to touch yours.
This will tell you that Yes, I am ready for us to be a couple, and Yes, I am ready for us to touch our life-inventing regions. The first time you have sex with a new partner, your heart will race. This is normal and understandable. Your skin may also sweat. This is an exciting time for you. Be sure to give her an orgasm before your own. Do not be greedy. If she is experiencing trouble having one, it is not your fault as a man or woman.


The Female Orgasm
There are many reasons why women sometimes find it difficult to achieve an orgasm. It could be because of stress, past sexual trauma, or even a lover that is not considering her needs. The woman must give herself an orgasm. She must to be in the right state of mind. She must be relaxed. She must be confident. She must let go. The male cannot force her to have an orgasm. It will only complicate the process further. His role in her sexual development is still an important one: That of Supporter.
He is advised to tell her that everything is okay, and that she is very beautiful. The male should hold her and kiss her and say that watching her masturbate is arousing.
Stimulation of the Clitoris is most helpful.
Be gentle and an explorer. Ask her if she enjoys what you are doing with your mouth. If she says ‘No’, stop what you are doing straight away and ask what she would like. The important lesson here is to maintain a clear line of communication – to learn from each other rather than assuming. This is a sign of a healthy relationship – a sign of trust. Remember to stimulate the entire vagina. When she is ready – when the vaginal walls are moist enough or she simply tells you so – enter with your penis or fingers. When using the penis, concentrate on the first 2 inches of her vagina, where the nerve endings are located. Enter slowly and move like the ocean – or like a snake.
Make love like a lesbian.
Notify that it feels good being inside of her. If using your hand use the first two fingers, palm-up. Massage her G-Spot, her Good Spot, located on top of the vaginal wall 1-3 inches in. You should feel a raised lump of skin. Massage this bump in tiny, circular motions. Check her face every now and then to see if it is working. If she is asleep or mad, stop immediately and ask what you can do to sexually stimulate her. If she is relaxed enough and the male or female companion has done their part, she will be ready to have an orgasm. If this is her first experience, she may feel pressure in her stomach and ask to use the restroom to urinate. This is quite healthy and sane. What she is feeling is the growing orgasm, ready to be freed.
Hold her and comfort her. Inform her that she must push out her orgasm. When the orgasm is unleashed, it will sometimes come out in a thrilling gush and run a riot, lasting anywhere from 1 to 10 seconds. She might start convulsing and clawing at the air. As her Supporter, you are to embrace her and kiss her even if she doesn’t notice you.
For many women, there will be no liquid of any kind. This is normal and no reason to worry. The intense feeling of sexual pleasure will accompany any orgasm. Continue to make love to her and stimulate her clitoris. Multiple orgasms are possible and recommended. 


Creating your very own Zombie Storage Facility
Tools & Necessities
In making your Zombie Storage Facility (ZSF), ask yourself this important question: Do I have a basement or an attic? (If not, a closet will suffice.)  
First, tie down your zombie so you can begin building your ZSF. You will need these tools and supplies:
1. Hammer
2. Nails
3. Gloves
4. Hardhat
5. Mouthpiece
6. Work shoes (steel-toe)
7. Hose
8. Metal sheet
9. Lumber
10. Large bucket
11. Rocking chair
12. Pump (manually operated)
Begin by creating the walls of your ZSF with the sheets of metal, supported by lumber. Create a door for easy access. Roof is not necessary. Make a small window. Cut a hole in the bottom of the rocking chair and place it in the center of the ZSF. Lay the bucket underneath the rocking chair. Put the hose into the bucket. Attach end of hose to pump, which is connected to another hose going out the attic/basement/closet window onto the backyard.
This will be your zombie toilet. If the backyard neighbors complain about the heartbreaking smell, explain that your mum is sick. With your creature still bound, attach it to the rocking chair by nailing its legs down. Exit ZSF and bolt the door shut. It is now safe to begin whatever tests you have planned.
Record zombie’s habits hourly into a log. Also remember to feed your zombie and to bathe it with lukewarm water.


CHAPTER THREE
Benefits

The Zombie Employee
The zombie can be utilized in a variety of ways, from house cleaning to security. You will find that they are most efficient and inexpensive in today’s overcrowded workforce.
Maids
With slight modifications, you can turn your zombie into a vehicle capable of performing an array of cleaning chores. To clean floors, tie the zombie’s arms and legs together, and wrap it in inside-out tape. Lay zombie on the floor. They will roll instantly, trying to break free, and clean your carpet of dirt, lint, various animal droppings, hairs, ticks, and particles of dead skin – which make up the volume of dust found throughout all homes. 
When done, the unwanted mess will be stuck to the tape encasing your zombie. To temporarily stun the zombie, hit it over the head with a shovel. Untie the zombie. Throw the used tape away. To clean windows, bind the zombie with ropes from neck to toe so they find complexity in moving. Leave the head free. Create a window-cleaning helmet by attaching rags and toothbrushes to a football helmet. Situate the device over the zombie’s head and stand it next to the desired window to be cleaned.
The zombie will struggle to be free and move its head (cleaning helmet) about wildly; therefore, also cleaning the window. To reach those hard-to-get-to places, pick your zombie up by the feet – an excellent way of also working your obliques and getting rid of those pesky ceiling spiders!
Personal Bather
To create a personal bather, attach a chain from your zombie’s neck to the bathroom wall or doorknob. Put large sponges in its hands (it will grip them immediately and not let go). Take off your clothing and bathe naturally. Lather your entire body with your favorite cleansing product. When you are ready to be scrubbed, stand close enough to the zombie so it reaches out to you, eager to grab and eat you.
Unknowingly, it will instead scrub you clean.
Also useful for toweling your head dry.
Security Guards
Zombies make for excellent guards – with their keen eyesight and hearing and distinct verbal alarm.
Dress the zombie up in black and tie it to the desired post. When you are going out late at night and would like to protect your house from burglars, suspend your zombie in the air above the front door or any window. When the door or window opens, have a device drop the zombie onto the burglar and kill them.
Be sure to starve your zombie. This way, it will eat the burglar, therefore not allowing zombie reanimation.
When you come home, you can subdue your zombie by shocking it with a cattle prod and waving your finger at it.


On Selling
Where To Sell Your Zombie
The hunter can make a sizable profit by selling his zombie. There are many zombie markets – called Fulci’s – all over the globe. Here the buyer can sell their zombie, trade their zombie, find attachable zombie limbs, whole zombies, zombie heads, frozen zombies, dried zombies, zombie intestines, liquefied zombies, baby zombies, animal zombies, etc. The first and most popular Fulci is located in Honolulu, Hawaii’s China Town district, on King St. Like most Fulci’s, it runs as a different service during the day – in this case, a fish market – but come nightfall, at 1am, the undead bazaar is open for business.
A variety of languages populate Fulci’s – there are Chinese sellers, American sellers, Italian, French, Samoan, Hawaiian, German, Russian, Caribbean, even Japanese.
Before selling your zombie, be sure to bathe the creature thoroughly. Don’t forget to soap commonly neglected places, such as behind the ears and between the legs. Brush the zombie’s teeth. If zombie is void of teeth, put some inside its mouth. Dress it in clean clothing, preferably a business suit with matching tie (clip-on ties are NOT acceptable) and create a Windsor Knot.
Be sure to put your zombie on a leash, preferably one made of chains or industrial wire.
What is a good set-price?
As a Seller, use good judgment when pricing. What is the quality of your zombie? If it is in excellent condition, consider a selling price of $25,000. If your zombie is missing parts, or is nauseous, put a price of $500. Parade your product to the various shops. There will be shop owners who will try to purchase your zombie for a lower price. Stand your ground and repeat your asking price. If they do not agree with your demand, move on to the next store.
Consider these price ranges when you are also buying from zombie sellers. 
Numerous merchants will try – desperately – to pass damaged goods off as quality products and charge ridiculously high prices.
The Smart Buyer or How not to get scammed
A newcomer’s first experience in a Fulci can be quite frightening. The first thing they will notice is the heavy smell of lemon. This is sprayed throughout the market before opening hours to cover the inevitable zombie stench. There will be loud, foreign voices shouting at him, wanting him to purchase items from their stands. There will be weird sights, such as rows of twitching, cooked-to-a-golden-brown fetal zombies on hooks; yawning zombie heads on conveyer belts; severed, shaking limbs behind glass; and various other meat displays.
The newcomer will also find sampling stations.
It is advised that you DO NOT put anything you find at a Fulci into your mouth. Many vendors wish to drug you and take advantage of you. This can be for two reasons: The vendor wishes to steal your wallet when you have collapsed, or, even worse, they wish to kill you and turn YOU into a zombie in order to make a tidy profit.
As you explore this fascinating place, be sure to keep your zombie close to you at all times.
If you find a product that you wish to purchase, use an eye of scrutiny. Is the product damaged? Upon further examination, does it smell creepy? Will the vendor even allow you to touch said product? Feel free to ask the seller a multitude of questions – How long have they been selling? Have they ever been convicted of a crime? Do they have friends in the market who are also sellers, and if so, may you speak to them?
If you find the price for something peculiar – for example, a female zombie head that costs $600 when another shop sells a similar head for $100 – it is advised that you do not purchase the head or anything else from that shop.
Also, use good buying-sense. Do you really want that zombie’s back that costs $1000? When you could buy thirty bundles of 3 zombie thighs for the same price? A growing, popular item at the market is the zombie fetus, which retails anywhere from $9,000 to $30,000! Ask yourself what you can do with it that you CANNOT do with a cheaper adult zombie? The Fulci is a place of business, and like any business, there are dishonest people who will do whatever possible to rob you of your hard-earned money.
Talk to trusted wholesalers and become familiar with the politics of the zombie bazaar. The more knowledgeable and shrewd you become toward the zombie market, the harder it will be for dishonest sellers to rip you off – and the better the odds of you purchasing a quality product.
Happy shopping! 


APPENDIX

Zombie Transformation Agencies
“Thanks to the wonderful people at ZT (Zombie Tsunami), I’m now a size 1 again! That, and I can now eat my own filth. Mmm, tastes like math! Thanks ZT!”
-Janey Hunter, unemployed
The only way to become a zombie is to be bitten by one. There is no other way – scientifically or magically. Beware of organizations that make false promises of transforming you into a zombie. They have been known to fool the client, or prey, by simply getting them drunk and/or hitting them over the head repeatedly to induce a zombie-like state of mind. If an organization does indeed house a zombie, please reconsider becoming one. The life of the walking dead is one of eternal hunger and, even worse, depression.
Below is an example of an actual scam agency:
At Zombie Tsunami we are a team of scientists, rabbis, and kindergarten teachers devoted in turning you – that’s right, YOU – into a zombie. For a small fee of only $2,ooo.oo (Canadian), you too can live that dream of becoming a member of the living dead. It’s fast, easy, and best of all, Painless! (not painless).
But what kind of zombie will you be? A strong zombie? Maybe a hip zombie? Or how about a whore zombie? If you act fast, you can even be a fag zombie, a straight zombie, a zombie fetus, a running zombie, a racecar-driving zombie, a crazy zombie, a zombie-fell-into-the-dryer zombie, an over compulsive zombie, an over compulsive zombie, an over compulsive zombie, a gerbil zombie, a (O_O) zombie, a sleeping zombie, sad zombie, a mad zombie, a glad zombie, a crying zombie, a stink zombie, a limbless zombie, a standing zombie, a contemplating zombie, a porn zombie, a prone zombie – you can even be a shy zombie. Awww, cute! If you do not see a personality that you like, you can even get one custom made. 
The first 3oo members get a free tote bag of beef! As you can see, the possibilities are endless. So don’t delay, decay today! 
Zombie Tsunami, where your worst nightmares become your best dreams. Yay Zombies! ^_^
DISCLAIMER: All future “zombies” become the sole property of Zombie Tsunami; creators/shareholders shall use and/or abuse “properties” in anyway they deem appropriate: legally, illegally, and sexually.


ZOMBIE RECIPES
Undead Powerballs
INGREDIENTS:
5 pounds lean ground zombie beef (or cow beef)
3 tablespoons ground oregano
3 tablespoons dried parsley, crushed
2 clove garlic, chopped
1 (1 ounce) package dry onion soup mix
3 cups dry bread crumbs
3 (28 ounce) jars of zombie sauce (or 3 jars spaghetti sauce)

DIRECTIONS:
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Flippantly grease a 10x15 inch pan.
2. In a hefty mixing bowl, unite zombie beef, oregano, parsley and garlic. Mix in onion soup mix and seasoned breadcrumbs. Mix methodically.
3. Using a 1-ounce scoop, shovel and shape the meat concoction into balls. Place balls in the prepared pan and bake in a preheated oven for an hour. Balls should be browned and fit for human consumption.
4. In a fat pot over high heat, bring the spaghetti sauce to a simmer and add cooked meatballs. Reduce heat and simmer for some time.


Tongue Chili
INGREDIENTS:
2 pounds of zombie tongue (or lean ground beef)
1 onion, chopped
2 red bell peppers, seeded and diced
2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup chili powder
1 teaspoon salt
1 (6 ounce) can tomato paste
1 (14.5 ounce) can Italian-style stewed tomatoes
1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
1 quart water, divided
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 tablespoon rice vinegar

DIRECTIONS:
1. In a great pot over medium-high heat, cook tongues until they turn brown. Drain and return to your big pot. Mix in onions, bell peppers and jalapenos. Cook until tender. Throw in garlic and cook for 1 minute more. Season with chili powder, salt and pepper. Stir in the tomato paste.
2. In a blender, puree the tomatoes with the peppers until very smooth. Stir this into the pot with 3 cups of water.
3. Mix the left over 1-cup water with the flour in a container and shake to come together. Discharge this into your chili and swirl in the vinegar. Cook about 45 minutes before serving.


Night of The Living Noodles
INGREDIENTS:
1 pound ground zombie beef (or cow beef)
1 package Oriental flavored ramen noodles
14.5 ounce diced tomatoes
10 ounce whole kernel corn

DIRECTIONS:
1. Warm a large skillet on medium-high heat. Crumble in the ground zombie and cook until no longer pink, remembering to stir frequently. TIP: Drain off the grease.
2. Blend in the flavor package from the noodles. Mix with tomatoes and corn. Smash up the noodles and add them to the warm skillet. Bring to a boil for 1 minute, then simmer for 10 minutes until noodles are tender. Stir irregularly.


Brainloaf
INGREDIENTS
1 1/2 pounds ground zombie brain (or cow beef)
1 egg
1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
1 (1 ounce) package dry onion soup mix
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 1/2 cups Italian-style dried bread crumbs

DIRECTIONS:
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.
2. Combine the brain, egg, sour cream, and Worcestershire sauce into a large bowl. Blend in soup mix, your cheese, and breadcrumbs. Shape concoction into a loaf and situate in a 9x5 inch loaf pan. Now cover it up with foil.
3. Bake this at 375 degrees F for 45 minutes. Eradicate foil and maintain baking for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. Let stand 5 to 15 minutes.


Eggplant Super Soup
INGREDIENTS:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 medium onion, chopped
1 pound ground zombie (or cow beef)
1 pound eggplant, diced
3/4 cup sliced celery
2 cans Italian diced tomatoes, drained
2 (14 ounce) cans beef broth
1 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup dried out macaroni
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese

DIRECTIONS:
1. Warm up oil in skillet on medium heat. Cook onion, zombie meat, and garlic until meat is uniformly brown. Now drain the grease and blend in eggplant, celery, and tomatoes. Transfer in the beef broth. Mix in sugar and preferred seasonings. Heat and stir until cooked through.
2. Add macaroni into the soup. Maintain cooking for 12-15 minutes. Add in parsley. Top with Parmesan cheese. Serve.


Retirement
In your coming years, you would have made enough from hunting zombies and selling them to retire. It is important in your old age to keep active and healthy. Exercise more often – lift weights, throw things, drink more water. There are numerous activities suitable for the elderly person, such as archery, slow bicycle riding, Taiko Drums, bowling, darts, pottery, poetry, kung fu, wrestling, swimming, quilt-making, nude modeling, bird watching, child watching, dog cleaning, cat raising, model making, drawing, dowsing, dreaming, telling stories, and of course, witchcraft.
When the elderly person looks in the bathroom mirror at night, they may think about dying.
Although one should not fear death, the elderly person can prepare himself or herself by coming to terms with it. Now is the time to cry. Set a special time and place, preferably at night. Try crying into a pillow and then punching the pillow – odds are you will feel much better and will be ready to die.
If possible, have friends and family watch you as you cry. Ask them to cry with you, that it is better to just get it all out now before the time comes. Explain that because when you do die – and you will – you want it to be a happy time. You want kids to giggle and parents to giggle with them and ride swings and then jump off the swings because it feels like you’re flying.
Retirement does not have to be boring or scary. If you have a hobby, and have friends and family surrounding you and following you at all times, retirement can be quite the blessing, indeed.
This is your time now.
You are peaking.
Job well done.
The End

Thank you for reading!
Join my mailing list at raymundhensley.blogspot.com for updates on new stuff.

BOOK PREVIEW
How I Met Barbara The Zombie Hunter

One.

Barbara was sitting in her rocking chair in the dark, nudity abound, covered by parrots. I asked as politely as I could if it would be possible to take a picture of her for the book, and she yelled something unintelligible and threw a bird at me. It occurred to me then that it wouldn’t have mattered how nice I asked.
She apologized and said:
“I am the best at zombie hunting. I am the Master and Commander of zombie hunting.”
Barbara was a 30-year-old French woman who had just gotten her degree in Graphic Design, from The University of Hawaii at Manoa.
She had contacted me via my Gmail account, explaining how she had enjoyed my book Aloha Mannequins, and that I would be perfect to document her exploits as a zombie hunter here in Honolulu, Hawaii. I was skeptical to say the least, and didn’t email her back for the next six months. Finally, she called my home phone and begged that I take the job – that she would pay me as her sidekick, and that she was lonely. 
Thinking that it would be an interesting idea for a “possible” future book, and being very afraid, I accepted. It helped that she was a Capricorn. I was always told that Virgos got along well with that particular astrological sign. Being more of a student of eastern astrology, I inquired what her Chinese sign was, but she refused to tell me and hung up each time I asked.
To this day, I am still unsure how she had gotten a hold of my email address, let alone my phone number.
After she took a shower to cleanse herself of bird mess, she gave me a grand tour of her Waikiki apartment.
A chicken ran past.
I shrieked, mentally – but not physically, for I did not want to insult my host.
Her hallway was covered with paintings that to me seemed to date back as far as the 15th century. I asked if they were stolen. She simply laughed and shook her head, and said Yes. Barbara told me that they were portraits of zombie hunters and that many are still with us – that they are in hiding for fear of being ridiculed or arrested. 
Many are in mental facilities.
At this point, she stopped walking and put her fingers to her head, massaging her temples. 
“Mental institutions depress my face,” she said. “And inflate my hate.”
And then she began to cry. Barbara turned around slowly and held her arms out to me. Her face was a waterfall. Out of pure pity, I nodded and walked up and gave her a hug.
She didn’t hug back. I think her eyes were open.
Hours later, I was in her parrot room, helping her cover a number of cages with black sheets to silence them. She said that the bird noises sometimes disturbed her – that some days it sounded like tiny children were being hit with knives. I told her that the parrots were rather silent and behaved since I had arrived. She said that she could hear the noises in her head.

Two.

Barbara had display cases of various zombie parts – “Trophies”, she called them. There were eyes, fingers, parts of genitals (human and animal), tongues, teeth, one nose, ears, flaps of skin, balls of hair, a 12 inch long finger nail, blood with bits inside, a constipated intestine, etc. All were in glass jars of yellow liquid. I asked her what this strange liquid was, but she refused to tell me and stormed out of the room.
An hour later she would came back and tell me that it was a secret – that only her and the “Church” knew. 
I asked her what this “Church” was, but she ran out of the room again, flailing her arms. When she returned thirty seconds later, she was carrying a large photo album. She held my hand like a child and walked me to the living room where we both sat on the carpet, legs crossed.
Depressing music from India played from somewhere.
She held the heavy photo album up and blew on the cover, but no dust flew off.
There were many black and white pictures inside, of bushes and open fields and bonfires and cemeteries and butterflies. Barbara said that they were pictures of zombies, and that I could see them if I looked closely enough. I had to look closely because a lot of times zombies like to hide, for strategic reasons.
I stared at a picture of a bush intensely and thought I could see a neck, but I could have been daydreaming. These peculiar pictures were taken while in the field by her ex sidekick, Toshiba, a 19-year-old college student, majoring in Art.
Toshiba vanished many years ago. 
The story goes they were both on the hunt, in the murky woods of Wailupe Valley, in Aina Haina.
One rainy night, Toshiba heard a bleeping noise and, against Barbara’s wishes, crawled out of the tent to explore the strange sound. She never returned. The following morning, Barbara found a dead lamb dangling from a tree, wearing Toshiba’s clothes.
Out of rage and confusion, Barbara beat up the animal corpse and cursed at the heavens with her fists pumping in the air, exclaiming, “Damn you, zombie! Damn you to hell! Your life force shall not have been in vain, Toshiba! I shall eradicate them all in a mean manner until the day I am called The Eradicator! This is damn upsetting me. You, zombie, are a turd. You damn lousy guy!”
The strange thing is that lambs are not common in Aina Haina.
Upon telling this dismal story, Barbara began to weep.
I hugged her again. Her tears were cold on my shoulder. She held Toshiba’s picture and spoke to it.
“I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you, I will run to you. You will run to me.” She said it through many languages. Her crying twisted the words. I hugged her. 
Still, she did not hug back. Instead, she rose suddenly and got milk from the refrigerator and offered some to me. Remembering my Catholic upbringing and not wanting to be rude, I accepted. But it was already too late, for she had spat inside, explaining that it would “put some meat on my chest, and hair on my bones.”
She sounded like my mother.
Barbara said that there were many things a zombie hunter (and sidekick) had to learn before entering the hunt, like trust. A leap of faith would be needed; an open mind. She hugged me and told me to drink the milk carton with her spit inside. Because it was now magical.
I did.
Fortunately, I had held my breath.
Barbara said that she lied to me. She said that the only magic inside the milk was vitamin D, and that she was impressed I did not vomit. 
I had gained her trust.
That night, I cried myself to sleep.

Three.

Barbara said she had something amazing to show me; but I could tell no one. I assured her that I could be trusted, and she drove me Makiki.
We parked in front of a one-level apartment structure. Kids played jump rope nearby. 
“This woman’s insane,” Barbara said. “As a licensed psychologist – which I am not – I advise you to say nothing to her.”
We stood outside of a door that was covered with pictures of women in hospitals, giving birth and screaming. Barbara knocked on the door and told me again – quite seriously – that I could tell no one who we were about to meet. 
The door opened, revealing a frail, middle-aged woman in flower-designed bra and panties. I tried not to look.
Her face lit up when she saw Barbara and they hugged and jumped up and down, giggling. 
This woman’s apartment was dim; when I closed the door, it was practically pitch-black inside.
She fixed her hair.
“You have to excuse my appearance. As you can see, I’ve been sick.”
Barbara examined her arms.
“Gun wounds, again?”
“They had weapons. I forgot that they could go off even if you don’t know how to use your hands. You should have seen them. They’re horny. They had red eyes.”
“Were they dark red?”
“I don’t remember. I’m colorblind.”
“How did you protect yourself?”
“I killed them in the face.”
“You always use violence. If ever we should tussle, I should have a raw duck dangle around my neck.” She put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “I don’t want to make your innards weep.”
“Don’t worry about me. If I die, to heaven I shall go for my heavenly deeds.”
“Heaven does not transform assholes into angels.”
“Even angels have assholes. Now excuse me while I kiss the sky.” 
She lit candles and I could tell immediately that she had been drinking much, for there were empty bottles of vodka all over the floor and in holes in the wall. Some were tied to strings and dangled from the ceiling. Did this woman have a violent streak? I grew nervous. Alcoholics can never be trusted. They do sudden things that boggle the mind and madden the mouth. If ever I was allowed to speak, I had to be careful of what I said.
As she guided us into the kitchen, we passed by what I can only assume to have been a bedroom transformed into a storage room – full of stained computer boxes and toddler clothes. I could have sworn I saw a figure inside, standing between two towers of Macintosh G4 boxes. I wanted to investigate, but I was too afraid to stop walking.

Four.

There was a special smell to the apartment, best described as a daunting combination of alcohol and soy sauce and cat.
On the hallway walls were old black and white, blown up pictures of strange men and women in groups – pictures taken in the woods, cemeteries, and lakes. All carried guns and whips and wooden stakes – all gathered in front of the camera, showing off their kill, which were all impaled horizontally and displayed like boars about to be roasted. Only these prizes were not about to be eaten (as far as I could tell) and they were certainly not boars.
They were human.
I made no visible reaction in seeing all of this, although my innards were complaining.
Before I stepped into the kitchen, I asked if I could use the restroom. There, I sat on the toilet to stitch together my thoughts. What was happening? Were these people cannibals? Were they crazy? Or worse…crazy cannibals?
Barbara was arguing with the woman – I could hear them throw things made of glass and other heavy objects. 
Then…
…silence…
…followed by weeping apologies.
They began to laugh and clap their hands. Barbara began to sing to her.
“Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Mommy. Happy birthday to you. Hurray! Yessm! Blow it out, blow it out! Yessm!”
It was good to hear such happiness.
I sobbed in my hands and then wrapped my arms around my knees, rocking myself on that cold toilet.
Barbara called after me.
“Raym! Raym! Eat cake! Yessm!”
I sniffed and cleared my throat.
“I’ll be out in a second, thank you, ma’am!”
They began clapping and cheering. I wasn’t sure if it was for me or not.
For years I always thought my life was speeding towards a dead end, where I would indisputably crash and burn. 
As I sat on that toilet and stared at a bird chirping on the windowsill, I realized that life had such wonders to offer – that my pathetic life was what I made of it. There was a goal for every soul: A purpose. No, I wasn’t a churchgoing person (not since my Catholic School days in the sticks of Greenville, Florida), but I did and still do believe in a higher power. You can call it God or Vishnu or Ra or Master. I call it The Universe – the thing that is in everything and everyone and is always around us. And it wants to help humans. Wants us to be happy. Wants us to feel like we have a purpose in life.
Studies have shown that the number one reason most relationships fail, is because the lover does not feel wanted – useful. 
Barbara had a purpose. One she felt strongly about.
Her story – her zombie adventures – this future escapade I was about to undertake – had to be documented. It was something I was meant to write, even if no one were ever to read it. 
I was doing this for the both of us.

End of sample.
Purchase the full book to see what happens next!


Raymund Hensley is the author of the books Aloha Mannequins, How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter, and The Zombie Hunter’s Bible. He lives in Hawaii.

https://raymundhensley.blogspot.com/
https://www.facebook.com/RaymundHensley
https://www.instagram.com/raymloveseggs/
https://twitter.com/RaymLovesEggs


ALSO BY
Raymund Hensley

Aloha Mannequins
A moving comedy, Aloha Mannequins exposes the more interesting face of Honolulu, Hawaii. From Mannequin Pornography to insane dolphin activists that wear full-body dolphin suits, Aloha Mannequins will open the eyes of any “outsider”.

“Aloha Mannequins is a very funny story of eerie
inner circles of Hawaii...Great story, great humor!”
-Sterling Knight, www.macabremenace.com

The Zombie Hunter’s Bible
Hunters young & old have now relied on Raym C. Hensley’s humorous hunting guide for vital information, ranging from killing a zombie, bathing a zombie, to eating a zombie when necessary. Easy to understand, friendly and inspiring, The Zombie Hunter’s Bible will empower you with all the knowledge you’ll need toward capturing – and understanding – the walking dead.

“The attention to detail is mind-boggling!”
-Staci Wilson, About.com

How I met Barbara the Zombie Hunter
Yes, there are zombies, even in Hawaii. A foolish writer learns this the hard way from a strange (and beautiful) woman who claims to be a hunter of the living dead. 

