








                 THE SECRETS OF DORTA
                    PRAKHAR VYAS
PUBLISHED BY-Prakhar vyas at smashwords




                          COPYRIGHT-2014 PRAKHAR VYAS

                               PREFACE
THE STORY DEALS WITH THE LIFE OF THREE YOUNG FRIENDS WHO WERE PASSIONATE TO STUDY THE DETECTION AND VISIT THE SIR ARTHUR CONAN DONYLE SCHOOL OF DETECTION.
IT INCLUDES THE PROBLEMS FACED BY ALL OF US AT SOME OR THE OTHER TURN OF LIFE.
THE STORY IS TRULY ENTERTAINING WITH THE MYSTERY,LOVE AND TRUE SPIRIT BEHIND FRIENDSHIP.FOR HORROR AND ADVENTURE LOVERS IT MAY WILL PROVE A GOOD DEAL

                                Prologue
                       About Prakhar vyas
               Connect with Prakhar vyas

                                     List of items
Chapter-1  c1
Chapter-2  c2
Chapter-3  c3
Chapter-4  c4
Chapter-5   c5
Chapter-6   c6
Chapter-7   c7
Chapter-8   c8
Chapter-9   c9
Chapter-10  c10
Chapter-11  c11
Chapter-12  c12
Chapter-13   c13
Chapter-14  c14
Chapter-15   c15
Chapter-16   c16







BY-PRAKHAR SATYENDRA VYAS
        DEDICATED TO-MY SWEET YOUNGER BROTHER SHREY





                                    CH-1
                             THE STORY
It was a very small room,not because of its small size but because of the large furniture kept in it which was extremely unique in itself.It was brightly polished with silky brown colour.The carvings were of ancient Indian style making it look completely different from other things of least importance,  the wall of the room was decorated with things that one generally does not see in today's houses ,a lions head followed by the usual two cross hanged guns of old style which direct to the point that the person sitting on the only chair of the room was in some way associated with the bleeding missions  of army.The person seems to be quite old but was in accordance with the other old thing's of the room.The door was a little bit open from which  came the sound of someone climbing up the stairs.The old guy who was busy before, in writing something was now in an alert mode.The Door suddenly shifted a little inside and there came a sweet childish voice,"grandpa I hope you are not busy".
"Oh!I was a little bit but anytime for you dear ,you  know I never say you no ,"the old man said with a brimming smile.The boy who was now very comfortable with his grandfather’s answer came in and stood straight in front of his old friend.
"Is there anything dear that you want to share"the old man said who had now finished with the work of closing his book and putting the fountain pen at a side."You forgot?,I can't believe this".
"No,dear I did not, I remember that you are going to celebrate your 14th birthday after two days,"the old man said."Yes surely I am going to, but dad is not going to buy a new Lumia phone for me and I want it, you know how it matters to me","but that's of no use for you, if you would ask  me for advice then I will surely recommend you to  go for a classic new cricket set,I know how passionate you are for it",the grandfather's advice clicked the boys mind ,he goes in an ocean of pros and cons for a moment,"so now you should go and demand for it,if I understand him rightly, then he would surely not reject."
 The boy considered the advice gravely for a moment and just smiled a little bit.
"How do you know this?,"
"What?"
" Don't act like this grandpa,  I never played it in front of you or rather mom and dad because I know that you would never like it,dad strictly had told me that I should be devoted towards my books so I usually don't go out even, when he  is at home, then how did you come to know it?”
It could be easily judged by his face that this was a great shock for him that one of his family member was aware about his mischief of moving out to play cricket with his friends.”I saw you the day before yesterday playing it behind the college ground,you were really fantastic, I had never seen anyone at such a young age playing cover drives with such control,that tall bowler was completely shocked and  annoyed by your shots."
" Oh!that  was Nick,I don't like him at all,completely mad,correcting everyone at every aspect of game,though he is good at it but it didn't mean that he would always show off,"the boy said with an anger."You are completely        right	Prawl , one should never allow one's success go on his  mind, this would at last make him fall only ,"the old man said with a deep sigh as if regretting for something.
"And this exactly happened with him,he loose by 6 wickets."The boy was now having a deep feeling of self satisfaction.
"Exactly,but I am having a complain, ""from me?"Yes,why didn’t you tell me about your game? and without at least knowing my view, you concluded that I would also not agree with you on the aspect of that game.""I thought that dad didn't like games because you kept him away from them,otherwise who likes to go for playing hiding from parents.""I never stopped him from enjoying himself,I believe in living the life ,not wasting it."The old man said,his spectacles were shining in the bright sunlight.
‘You are right, but now I should go, otherwise dad will be at his half way to office".The boy said and without wasting a single second moved out of the room.The man helped himself glancing at the boy till he reached the door and then disappeared.The old fellow was  now again alone with his thoughts.He again engaged himself in writing the things which he was doing before. 10min passed away but now his concentration began to hamper,he stood up and moved to the large window ,through which he could easily see a small boy of nearly the age of his grandson working with some stuff,just after few seconds he was able to see clearly what the boy was doing,but before he could judge, prawl came enthusiastically ,shouting like a mad monkey who has got a lot to eat but could not digest it.
"Grandpa,grandpa I got it. He is now ready oh!!yes","I told you, I know him ,he will buy It  for you and here I am,so now you are getting your cricket set ".
"No,"
The boy said smiling.
"Then why you are shouting? Is he buying a lot more of that sort for you? ."
"No not bat or Kit but Lumia  520.""But how?"
"I got down to him when he was polishing his shoes,I stood straight in front of him making a sincere face and he told me"I will get it for you",I asked ‘what’ so he said"phone or what don't you want it?"and I shook my neck so quickly as if I had not  done it from a million years."Prawl was not able to control himself."that's good but that's of no use prawl, instead you should go for a cricket set ".
"That I can have from my friends, but this couldn't ",prawl said with a brimming smile.The old man looked again towards the boy but doesn't said anything.Prawl was steadily seeing  his grandfather, looking downwards.He also helped himself look down the window,but not in the way the old man was."What's down there,pa?"prawl said looking at his grandfather,"just see that boy,garnishing the petunia flowers, how concerned he is at his work"the old man said looking at the boy,"he is Kishan,an Indian fellow,he works daily here,what is surprising about him?"."I think you didn't get my words clearly,I am talking about his devoutness towards the work,see how clearly he has done his work just like Goku ","who is this Goku grandpa?"Prawl said looking at the old man.
"No,one rather than a wind blowing freely ,he was with us,at our work and at our college.""Oh!college friends",yes but something more than that".Prawl was completely unaware of his grandfather's words"you never told me about your work, your occupation?","you never asked me"."So today I am".You will never believe me"when I Had not?"prawl said with a confidential look on his face.		
‘Let me tell you my full story as you are the first one to ask me after 20years,your father  also doesn't know it exactly."
The old man's face was completely different  now, his spectacle's were down to his nose.Prawl was completely blind about the new world that his grandfather was going to show him.
                                    CH-2
             THE JOURNEY TO COLLEGE
"It all started when I was 18 years old"."18years.!"prawl repeated"yes 18 years,I was very much passionate towards spies,from my childhood,more probably from the time  when I first read the novel of Sherlock Holmes,it was really a fantasy,my father was not ready to send me to the"Conan Donyle school of secret agents and spies',but I was not from among those who left their dreams because of those problems which they had to face in the path,it was only after a10 days of discussion when my father at last agreed to let me go,according to him it was nothing rather than a stuff,he told me"you will starve and when  you will come to me for help, I will not be there for you"but I didn't allow him to get on me, I know, he was right at his place, as really it would have been very difficult for me to again rise  and walk in those circumstances if I would have not met Goku ,at last I filled up the form and was selected for my dream"Conan Doyle school of agents and spies'.
"I remember the day ,it was 24th October when I was standing on the gate of  my college, a 10 meter high gate made up of iron,accompanied by a small Nepali fellow from Kathmandu,he was really a simple guy with his moustaches covering his face completely.
"New student ,very good come in come in"he said in the very well known style of Nepali.
"Thanks"I said and lifted up my mountain bag which was the only thing that my father gave me when I was leaving for college.
It was really very beautiful,more than what I had heard about it from the few person's that know what this college was.
"I like you young boy,give me your bag and I will lift it for you "a voice came from behind, it was that Nepali fellow
"no thanks I will carry it on my own"I said.
He said nothing else but just took the bag off .
"What's your room no.?"
"I,I don't know","no problem we will find it for you"he said and moved forward,I simply didn't understand why he was so kind to an unknown but I found the answer within me, absolutely for money .I followed him, the students were all busy in certain gossip's, a completely modern guy with earings and straight hairs was sitting idle at the steps of stairs,I looked at him ,he was having a book in his hand ,on seeing more closely I got the name of the book,it was a novel,a romantic one,"The rose lady and Trevelyan",we moved forward to a  large group of students surrounding a board.
"What's your name?"the fellow carrying my bag asked me, “Rajendra "I replied.
"Don't you think there may be anyone else of this name","Rajendra Kumar Sharma"I corrected myself,he just smiled at me and moved into the crowd of the students,he was very much strong, he got into the crowd as if having a practice for it.It was just after 5minutes when he again came back.
“Room no 34,very cool” he was smiling in a way as if it's something very much different,"you will be three ,living in your room, because it's now becoming very crowdy these days,so we have to put  three children,but earlier it was just two,I told the headmaster that it will be good to have some more room's but he doesn't have time to give an ear to my words…"
I went on hearing him ,he was talking as if he is the only advisor to the headmaster and the school will not move on if he will not be there.We started climbing up the stairs,and took 2turns to the right side,the building was well constructed,there were three floors completely painted with light blue color.At last we were in front of our room,the door was open but no one was inside.
"I will pray for you young man, may you get good partners and be careful hhhiiiiu",he said with same smile on his face,I was very much annoyed with the sound which he made at last,I kept on seeing him until he got disappeared and then took my bag and entered the room in which I was going to spend my next four years.
There was no one in the room at that time ,it was not quite big to accommodate there three persons.The bed's were placed in straight row's with a very little bit of gap between them,just suitable for a person to stand and pass through,one bag was already kept at the last bed not more ,but just one and a half times greater than mine.I chose the bed which was at either end,I gently put my bag there and looked at my room ,I was in a dilemma that why that fellow was smiling,but I was not from them who gave response to such stupid fellows,but suddenly I got something,he didn't ask for any money but why?,I was truly amazed at his nature,though he was a stupid but he didn’t ask for any money,it was the first time when I was failed to judge a person,but I didn't get too much time to be with my thoughts,a fellow came running into the room so fast as if his train was getting missed, and within a few seconds  a normal height man was in front of me with a loose shirt and low waist jeans' having spectacles with no upper glass frame,and that was the time when I first saw him,the person who changed my life for ever.
"hy! "he said to me smiling in a sweet voice with dimples' on his chiks.
"hi!" I replied and within two minutes we both were interacted with each other, "I am Gopal Krishna upadhyay ,you can call me Goku " Gohu" I replied" no,no,Goku.
"Ok,ok Goku,right?
"Yes"he replied smiling in a very quite way."I am Rajendra,"short form?", "Raj"I replied. 
" I am from Pittsburgh", he didn't reply that where he was from,but just kept quiet and I didn't also put pressure on knowing it, what I had to do with that,we both talked for some time on general topics and then was the entry of our third friend,a known person ,it was only that guy whom I saw at the stairs sitting idle,the cool guy ,I was quite but not was the other guy ready to be,"hi!"Goku said with his regular smile"hi ",he  also replied but not in the way Goku was.He was quite sad or more probable to say ‘depressed’. He was not in the way we were,he was different, with a cross in one chain around his neck completely looking dashing,I never saw a boy as smart as he was, but his silence was making himself only worse.Goku looked at me as if thinking the same thing which I was. 
But I was not in a mood to ask him why he was acting so raw ,and why I should? I didn't know him, even his name  so why I should, but I said na Goku did the things which no one else can.
 Without thinking about the result he asked him," is there any problem friend? " I was completely stunned at his words,nor could I think he would do this ,the fellow remained quiet for some time but he,after two minutes gave the answer which I had completely not expected" yes there is one but can you please give a reason for why should I tell you about that,"the voice was very thin not so as of the girls but then also a little bit, Goku was also not going to stop right now he gave a plain answer to this plain,question.
" Why? don't you think, I had just asked you for that".
"The time will tell everything so,now you should look upon your work only mr.."
Goku"I said in between,how foolish I was to speak in between those two, they both looked at me,as,if I was a criminal. 
"oh!thanks old man, now I think we should not waste time fighting here,the dinner would be ready",he said.
"Would you please take some efforts to tell us your name,"I said in a very irritating voice,I was very much annoyed of calling me"old",he considered the moment gravely for a second and then replied "Farhan ,Farhan Mansuri ", but this time there was a smile on his face.
"Where's the dinner hall Farhan, we don't know it, would you please guide us? ,"Goku said looking at me  as if expecting from me to favour him ,and I was not going to do that.
“Ok,then follow me”,he said.
We both looked at each other and followed him,by the way he was right in asking for help,  we were really not knowing anything about the place and how we would?,we had not spent  a day here.We both moved behind him accepting that he would not speak anything,but to our great surprise,he did it,
"you both are very clumsy you know”, he said and smiled but was not looking at us. 
We both looked at each other again and Goku smiled but not I,I was angry at him and he was smiling as if having no question of ego in himself,but what could I do rather than locking my head between the leg's in front of these two fellow boy's.After taking two sharp turns we were all in front of a big gate,all the students had already reached the place,we were from those who were at the last,we took a seat at the last end of the second row ,there were nearly five rows of dinning and we were in front of two,no,no,three girls who were also at the same time as were we.They were not at least looking at us,what more shame could happen to a boy in such a situation.
The food was quite good and tasty ,there were ladyfingers,pumpkin pie and mango juice from which a delicious smell was coming ,we ate for half an hour and then Farhan gave a nice burp taking the girls concentration to us,they were laughing in a very familiar manner as girls always do,Farhan looked at us,Goku and I were seeing him constantly.
"What happened is there anything different ?"Farhan said
 "No,no,is there anything Raj?”.
He looked at me and I also got it quickly that he was talking to me.
"No,no,nothing, everything is same as it was before your bur...".
Those girls were now laughing at a more higher rate and Goku’s hand was on his head ,Farhan was looking at me and now I got that I had spoken too much,but than something happened which   I wouldn't have believed if someone else would have told to me, Farhan himself also started laughing,Goku also removed his hand from his head in exclamation,we both also started laughing and I can bet that this was the first laugh which those earings would have heard in so many days .
We had a very good time in hall for a few minutes and then we said “bye” to those girls ,but Gokus mischief was not going to stop yet ,I and Farhan moved towards the room and two of those girls also, but not the third,we don't know whether something happened there between them or not but that girl was going to become the back bone of our Goku .
He joined us before we reached the room. 
"Where were you?".
"Er,to answer the nature's call"he said and we both started laughing.        
                                           CH -3 
                                 THE MISCHIEF
Ourfirst night in the college was really unforgettable, I never had such a night and nor I would want to have it.We slept at nearly ten o clock and,then after two hours started the tragedy.
At that time we were having a deep sleep,but suddenly some noise started coming,Farhan and I woke up together,someone was sleeping taking noisy and irritating snores, it was so loud that even after putting pillows on our ears the sound was stinking like anything. 
"Who is that mother seeker? " Farhan started using abusing words.
 "I don't know may god curse him"I said rubbing my eyes. "God will later, but now I will curse this fellow if he didn't get stop"Farhan was in a real anger,he got off the bed to move to another room from where the sound was coming.
"Wait, calm down we will see him tomorrow"I said. 
" And what about today".
"Ok ,we will go now,but don't you think we should wake up this hippo sleeping freely"I pointed at Goku who was sleeping in no worry,our sleep was going to be murdered by that man and he was having no care as if sleeping with some sort of cotton in the ear's,I lift his blanket with a strong jerk sufficient to wake up a horse but he was something more dangerous,even after this he was in his dreams.
"Bring some water, he will surely wake up"Farhan said smiling and burst quickly in to the bathroom to bring our weapon and hahaha after a brilliant splash Goku got out of his mind.
"Who,who,is this"he said,sorry shouting, more correctly.
"Wake up rascal,sleeping like anything here,"Farhan said.
"What happened at this moment and who is this man roaring here like anything?
"That's what we had to see,"I said.
We all went outside,there was completely darkness,"are you having any torch here in this hostel,"Farhan said, Goku took out his mobile and showed to us,"we are also having it Goku but we,want torch you know it t-0-r-c-h".
"Foolish we are having that only, see there is one in this "he said pointing to the top edge of  the phone which was an old model of Nokia 1200,"that's good"I said ,"but there is one problem, I don't know how much will it last ,I charged it last night only","no problem we will have to quit this, otherwise he will kill us"Farhan said and moved forward in the direction of the sound, it was the room just close to us.
"Now what to do,the sound is coming from this room only "Farhan said.
"We should shout,and,he,will wake up"I gave the advice and they both looked at me"ok,we will find another way"I said examining the situation,they looked at each other and smiled,I came to know from their face that something very sharp was going in their mind,and suddenly they did something which I had not imagined ,they started shouting "thief,thief",where,where?,"I said in exhaustion and instead of giving the answer to my question they were running towards the room.
I also started doing the same,the lights of all the rooms' were now lighting as if there is some function, I quickly got in to the room and closed the door,we looked at each other for a while and then laughed, as if we had not from many years, we were really enjoying ourselves and were living some of the best seconds of our life,we were not having any worry about our future as what the result would be when everyone will come to know about our deed's,but one thing that happened the best was that the roaring was now not coming,it took some more seconds for us to get calm and control ourselves,that night we slept very well ,it was really the first time when I had done  such a mischief, otherwise at my home I always remain sincere in front of my father ,he was the only person who can keep me in control ,..but we forgot one thing that we were in a school of agents,detection and spies' so how we could escape from such a principal who has got retired from his post of senior agent of a very secret department,no one knew where he worked before his appointment as the principal of this college,but at that time we were stress free in the celebration of being rescued from the sneezing of such a person.
Next day we woke up early,we two only,Farhan and I,that third hippo was sleeping till now,"should we wake him up,the class will start from eight"Farhan said looking at me,"yes we should,he will not like to miss the first class because of his dream"said I and try to wake him up.
 "Goku wake up we are having only thirty minutes,wake up now".

“Let me sleep na,please"he said in half consciousness,it was only after I lift him up when he woke up,in five minutes we were ready.
We moved out of the room and I locked it,"don't you think that we should have a look at the fellow who was sleeping in this room,"I said."The room is locked foolish"Farhan said looking at me,"oh,yes,yes"I said and we moved forward.
"Look,look"Goku suddenly said stopping in front of the window of that room,"what's there?"I said in astonishment,"that photo man,it's James Bond"Goku said pointing his finger at that.
We all looked there, in front of us was a photo of a very smart guy in black dress,"the roaring person seems to be a big fan of Bond na," "yes it seems,but I was not knowing that Bond also roar’s like this",Goku said and there was a bit of laughing and then we moved forward to our first class.
It was on the top floor,not a class but a big hall"I heard a fellow saying that,there would be no class today only some general instructions regarding rules,periods and..","and what"I asked"and some punishment"Farhan said"but why?" I was completely shocked,"we had shouted like anything in the midnight and you are asking for why". Goku proved to be something smarter and changed the topic,"are you both having your books with you?"he asked "yes we are having,why, are you not?" I asked."NO"he said in a calm voice and moved in side the room,sorry hall.We both kept on looking at him, how tension free he was,as if life is just a play in which you had to laugh and be happy. 
"So what he will do now?","leave it on him only Raj "Farhan said and moved inside the hall smiling,now I was along with myself so I also joined them.
                                          CH-4
                               THE PUNISHMENT
 The hall was really very big and more luxurious from which I had thought,painted with brown and white with pictures of some of the people,it was looking very fascinating.I joined Goku and Farhan in the second last row .There were nearly twenty five teachers surrounding the whole hall, really the environment was very good,there were nearly fifteen hundred students who were busy in gossiping.It was only after five minutes when a strong and heavy voice came, under which the talks were hidden.I helped myself to look over the stage,a very old man was standing there in a very different dress.

“Is he the principal?",I asked from Farhan.
"no,no,he will be the caretaker look at his clothes ,how shabby" Farhan said. 
"It's not right to judge a person because of his  clothes,may he likes to be simple",a voice interrupted in between,the voice came from the seat which was next to us,it was that girl only from whom we had interacted last night,she looked at Goku and gave a very small smile and Goku also replied her in the same manner.
"According to you he is only our principal?"Farhan exclaimed,"Yes he is"she answered in a very different way as if laughing at the foolishness of our fellow friend,but we don't get much time to argue with her because her saying was true,the old man was now taking  the mike to speak.
"I am afraid if this mike will be having a capacity to increase the volume of old man to such an extent that we all will be able to hear it"Farhan was quite angry with the girl sitting in front of us.
"Good morning to all of you my children,I hope you will be quite enthusiastic regarding our journey,the journey to excellence,perfectness which will be having a few stones and thorns in the way,but we will not stop,we will fight until we  will win,we will move forward with the ball until the ball doesn't get pass through the goalkeeper and reach it's target."
The old man was really far away from his appearance,he was old in terms of age,but not in terms of spirit “and now the most important thing of this year,especially for the first year that, they will be going on an expedition, an experience which will take them far beyond their imagination,you all will be thinking that what's new in this,it happens every year,but this time it will be different ,completely different ,the things will be more cleared to you later on,but one thing that has to be cleared now is that this time not all the students will be going but only a few chosen not by us,but by yourself "as he said it there was gossiping all around the hall which was clearly stating that it was something strange."Silence ,your periods are being placed according to your years and now the thing that happened yesterday"we three looked at each other,if it was for us,does he came to know that we were only the one who did it.
"I would request those great hearts to please stand  on their place who…."the old man stopped for a while,our heart was beating very fastly,if a doctor would have put his stethoscope on it then I am sure that he would have died hearing that,it would be nearly hundred times per minute, the old man than again started..
"Disturbed us late at night "there was silence all over the hall,all were willing to see us,Farhan and I were really afraid but there was not a single expression of it on the face of the third one-Goku ,he looked at us and just gave a little smile,he then did a thing which was not at all admirable,we don't know that why did he do it, the only reason that came in my mind is that for us,he raised his hand and the whole hall was looking at him, and he was now also in a very relaxed mode.
"So whom so ever you are, please come up here on the stage,we all are willing to hear the reason.." he than looked at us and show his hand to us as if want to say just relax,within a minute or two he was there on the stage in front of us to accept his crime.
"So gentleman would you please tell us about the reason for showing such attitude,"the old man said and then moved from his place at a side so that his victim can handle the mike,Goku moved forward and then stood silent in front of the mike,he looked behind towards the principal,"we are waiting Mr,we are not having the whole day for you"the sound echoed in the whole hall.
"Sir,there was some problem ".
"What problem?".
"Sir our neighbour was snoring like anything and we were not able to sleep properly"Goku said slowly, as soon as he spoke this, a sound of laughter burst out in the hall,we were not knowing what was going to happen with him but the moment was really hard for us when that devil spoke again "who else was there with you?","no one sir,I was alone,"the foolish said, we both were nearly unconscious when he said this.
"Your good name mr?".
Sir Gopal Krishna upadhyay. "
Goku said pressing his lips,"so Mr Gopal, please don't tell the lie otherwise your journey would stop without beginning"when he said it our hearts as if stopped beating,what he was doing,he should tell our names and after the punishment we will be released,it was just a small matter"no sir I was alone,no one was there".
"I am sorry to say but it's your last day in this school,if you want to stay tell the name and get off".
The old man was now on his pinnacle of anger,but Goku kept quiet looking towards the floor, the next one minute seemed to be an hour when the old  man again opened his mouth to curse our friend.
"Mr Joy please make his TC ready we don't want such a student in our college to melt it's reputation",Farhan holded my hand and we both saw in each others' eyes and then raised our hands together,it was really a very big moment for us ,we both got stand up and moved towards our friend,with one feeling in our hearts that if we will be discarded then together .I don’t know why we were doing thisfor him within a meeting of just few hours but we were on our way now.
The old man was very happy at his victory over us,after a minute we were standing together with Goku when we looked at him,it was clearly denoted by his face that he was not happy with our decision,"so you are the one? " the old man said looking at us as, if we would have been some dish then he would have eaten us without cooking,his face was not less than a hungry tiger,he than turned towards me,blinking his eyes in which I saw nothing rather than fire.
"Mr Rajendra,right?".
"Right sir"I said without fear,it was the first time when I was feeling completely strong.
"The son of Mr.Murlidhar,my old friend,don't you have a single worry about the reputation of your father,will you feel good when the world will know you by your father's name and not your father by your’s,think,just think for a while,"he was trying to get over me but I was also very strong at that moment,at the same time I  was shocked to knew that he know my father. 
"I will have to talk with him on this,otherwise you will be out of hand",I was expecting that he would speak more but he didn't and went on to take the mike.
"I hope you will be enjoying your classes which are going to start from tomorrow.."as he said it,all the people started to move out and within a few minutes the hall became empty, even a teacher was not there,from the noise that was coming from the crowd could be easily identified,that they were talking about us"how disgusting they are,very naughty",while from a few the sound of praise was also coming,"very daring these guys are,cool".
The old man stand quite for a while looking at us,"see that painting you three..,"he said looking behind us,we all turned back,there were many on that side,we were not knowing which one to see,but when he asked"how cruel that man looks,isn't it?", Farhan as well as I moved our heads up and down like jokers.
"Which one sir,there are many?"Goku asked turning his head towards our so called principal.
"That first one foolish.".
"Oh sorry sir please continue"Goku said and again looked towards the pictures,we both and princi..were looking at him smiling,at that time when we should have a serious face,and also we were expected to,it was becoming very,very hard to control our laugh,we however fighting with ourselves managed to control but when I looked behind at him,I was unable to control myself and a burst of laugh came out,I tried to get quiet but it was thousand times more difficult to control as compared to nature's call,the old guy was making a face,his brows were completely tightened,nose became stretched,accompanied by mouth moving upward,who could control his laugh seeing such a great face,and as I started ,Farhan joined me too.
"Quite you idiots ,thinking as if it's a vegetable market,and you all are the vendors,shouting vegetable,vegetable."
The sound our inner joy was coming out with our laughs' whose increased sound was increasing our old man's temper ,but the sound didn't last for long and changed into wailing within a few minutes,a thin stick came penetrating the air and attacked our hips' ,a loud sound came from our mouths' of pain and we all turned towards the man.
"I don't said you to show your ugly faces to me now"he shouted and we again turned to the picture,I can bet if my hippos' would not have turned red like tomatoes"I said in a very short voice so that it do not reach the old man.
"They would be  chillies and that also burning"Farhan said, but Goku was now looking at the picture very seriously,"they won't be Mr Sharma",the old man heard us,curse his ears'.
"So you are the students of this great college?"the old man asked as if making it sure that he was the only foolish who gave us admission,we didn’t give any reply,"are you not?"he again shouted"yes,sir."we all three said in a single shout,"so you should know that who is the person in that picture,"I was not knowing anything about that man,but I was at least this much sure that he was someone from the famous detectives .
"A detective sir",I said in a very low voice.
"I was expecting this only from you,foolish,know nothing about the profession in which you are going,he is a famous criminal,who had killed seventeen people including five detectives who tried to catch him,he is the most sharp minded criminal that has ever survived,really dangerous,named Bose,Satyendra Bose  ".It could be easily identified from the face of the man that he was mad but I didn't  expect him to be such a one that he would hung the pictures of criminals instead of heroes,really disgusting .I was sure that both my friends were also thinking this."but why sir there should be the pictures of one who had caught such a man"Goku said,without looking behind "yes, you are right there should be, now look towards me"we all looked straight towards him.
"The pictures which are hanged behind you are of the criminals and the rest which you are seeing on this side in front of you are of the great people who risked to catch them ".
We all looked upwards, in front of all the criminals were the photos placed but there was none in place of two,the one which we saw now and the one which was at last. Bose was looking fascinating with his moustaches and beards.
"Is he not caught till now?"Farhan was now also taking interest in this.
"He is a history ,he died freely, no one was able to catch him until his last breath,"the old man was talking in a way as if he is a fan of this guy,"and that one,is he also not caught yet,""yes he is also not in the hands till now,twenty murders and ten train robberies,he is also a master,he thinks in a way no one else and does the things in a way that no one else can,he is a winner."
"Is there anything different which he did expect what yousaid now?"Goku asked looking at the fellow standing in front of us.
"Winners don't do different things but they do the things differently,"we were looking at him as if he is the man who is having a completely different mind,"now its the time for your punishment,two nights at graveyard.
"What" we said in a one shout "gra...graveyard?",
"Yes,and I bet you are going to enjoy yourself",he said and moved out leaving us alone with this horror thought,but what the thing was which we can do,we were looking at each other as if we are not having any fear but our hearts knew that how horrible it was ,we then moved to our rooms with our heads looking at  the floor,all in the corridor were looking at us,the feeling was very awkward which I would never like to feel again,with sad faces we sat on our bed.
"Didn't he find anything else for us? There are thousands of ways to give punishment,he may have told us to take ten or twenty rounds of football court outside,or he would have not given us food for today,but enjoy yourself, two nights at graveyard,"I said in a voice which was quite similar to the one who gave us such a harsh punishment,"but one thing is good,"we both were looking at Goku who saw something good in this.
"What?".
"We will not have to hear those loud snores today in the night"he said and burst into laughing,we also joined him it was the way in which he make us happy even in the harsh conditions,"what about my books I am not having a single one"Goku said to divert our mind towards another thing,"so we should take it today"Farhan said","we don't know the right  place ,so how we could be able to do it?”.
“Find a shop and then buy it”, “it will become a panic”.
"We should not worry about that,also we will have a look of the place,I am sure that we will be having an ice cream parlour here,"Farhan was really in a mood to move out,he was not like me,lazy.
                                    CH-5 
                     VISITING  THE CITY.
"He is right,and what's here for us to do,we will get bored."Goku also supported him,"so  the decision is final,we are going out for a nice walk".
When we moved out after an hour or later,it was a shocking thing that the corridors  were all empty,their  not a single student was,"what happened to everyone,is their tongue had some sort of error"Farhan said looking around everywhere.
"Yeah, its really  amazing na,where had all gone?",what we had to do with them,we should go,"I said and we moved forward,but suddenly our legs stop "if you see anything strange than don't quickly react, being a detective is not an easy job,you should have an extreme sense of humour that will only lead you to catch your prey…..",
“Who is this?"
"I don't know"
"Is he learning about something,I bet he is"Farhan said looking at the window.
It was on other side of room,not the one who was snoring yesterday.We three moved towards the window to see what was going on there,when we linked our nose to the window,we saw a fat guy moving around the room with a book in his hand,he was quickly changing his position,he was lanky,stooping and frowning through his horn rimmed spectacles,when we had moved backward Farhan said,"he started learning now only,the session had not just started also.”
"He was not learning,he was just doing Paratredding ,and according to me they all are  doing the same thing"study","Goku said.
I was also now having some tension that they all were studying and we were enjoying ourselves,we were really rough,and I am sure that Farhan was also thinking the same,because his face and talks were clearly stating this.We did not find  a single fellow until we reached the gate where my Nepali friend was sleeping in the chair.
"He is a very good guy,helped me to find my room,but when he was going, he laughed at me,as if there is something strange in this room,but we did not find anything strange there, did we Goku?"as Farhan turned his neck he didn't find Goku there.
"Goku,Goku?"
“I am here" a voice which was familiar to us came from behind the table of our door keeper ,Goku was having something in his hand which he picked up from the place where he was standing
"What's that"I shouted,nothing great for us,but a photo of this  man with his family,how happy they are"he said while showing the photo to us.
That was a family photograph,in which our young Nepali man was standing with his wife sitting next his legs, also two children standing on either side of the couple,the child standing to left was having a face like his father,but the other at the right side was not looking like them.
"Isn't the boy different from his parents?"," may be,he is, but for a while see the smile of these fellows don't you think it's different,"we both looked at Goku ,how different could be one's smile,and this was only the difference between us and him," its not the smile that comes when we laugh for photographers to click,it's,it's natural". 
We didnot get a chance to say anything else,because the owner of that picture was already at his senses now"how it came to you,you would have stole it,learning the detection and doing the things of thieves,I will clear it,clear it I will".
I was simply not understanding that why he was saying all these things looking at me,but I got the answer within me only after a second,and that was because,the picture was in my hands at that time.
"I didn't,I did't steal it,"I got in a real worry at that time,he was accusing me for being stolen something,"he is drunk,let me take over him,"Farhan said and moved to dot him one on the face,but Goku stopped him in between.
"Don't beat him,he is not in his senses now,calm down,calm down we should leave him alone and move other wise some more problem will be created"Goku said and took the photo from me,putting it into the pocket of owner.We all, without wasting a single second escaped, leaving the drunk man shouting.
“What a scene he would create there,I am afraid if he tells something in the morning to that old man,"I said"take it easy,nothing would be wrong,the things become wrong when you think that they are  becoming wrong,nothing would happen and what you think the principal is stupid enough to believe a drunk man,"Goku said making me feel good.
We soon found a book shop near us,it was not big and also there was no crowd.
"These are some special books of detection,so may we don't find the them here,"I said looking at the condition of the shop.
 "What goes of us in trying"Goku said and we move towards that.
The shop was having many a books lying here and there,they were not arranged in a way,we usually see at the book shops,a person within the age group of forty was sitting on the floor with some book in his hand,and was neglecting a known person of us ,the girl,the enemy of us,who tried to teach us in the morning.
"See she is there,the  lecturer,started giving lecture on every aspect of human knowledge,I simply don't understand why she always comes at the place where we are going? Is she the magnet and we are the iron,"I said looking at her.
"Why you don't like her,she was saying right only that day,that we should not examine a person by his appearance,it is his knowledge that should be judged",Goku said,he was looking at her smiling.
We both understood the whole matter at a single glance,we were his friends and he was hiding the things from us  that he was in love.We looked at him in a very awkward manner,it was clearly stated that he understood what we were thinking .
"We should move forward,but I didn't understand that why she is here at the time when all the others were busy in studies,and the man there is not giving  her the demands,what's the matter there,come",Goku said and within a minute or two he was at the shop with us following him.
We stand still  in front of the  wooden shelfs separating us from that stock or more probably that pile of books,"hey",Goku said to the girl,"oh hi,so you escape from the clutches of Mr Ashlesh .
"Ashlesh ,who is this now?,"I said.
"Our principal,you don't know him?".
"Yes,we know him,ha,ha"Farhan said avoiding any other lecture by her,"so what are you doing here?"she asked looking at Goku ,"I am not having books now,so I thought that,I should have it,otherwise I will have to stand in front of that man again","the session is going to start now,and still you are without books,""no,I was not having any shop of books there at my village,so I should have it now".
"Ok you are at right place,dad,please provide them with the first semester books,of ours ,".
The girl said looking at the man who was reading book, we all looked at each other,in a very exclaimed manner,he was her father.
"We have been living here for a very long time,my mother died in an accident,","oh ,it would have been quite difficult for you to ensure a comfortable living,it's difficult,very,very difficult"said Goku .
"Yes,it was but just for the beginning,now I had learned to live without mother and my father without a wife,".
"Priyanshi ,wouldyou please help me to get through this huge pile ,"the secrets of modern weapons"is behind this,I would surely not be able to go through this,".
"Coming dad ,I am coming in a minute " she said and moved inside.
"Priyanshi,what a good name",it was not said by Goku,but I am sure that he would have thought it within himself,we did not have to tell her about the books we want,because she knew it better than us,after nearly ten minutes she came up with the books.
"These are the things of your interest."
There were nearly five books and they all seemed to have a layer of dust, covering them completely  which she removed after passing a cloth through it,we made payment for it and were ready to leave,but then only,Gokus intention started to come out.
"We are going to have an ice cream, would you like to join us?".
"Aan,I have to clear this up,otherwise there will be a flood of books here"she said
"Ok,we will have it on some another day,"Goku said,though he was trying to smile,but we were knowing that,from inside he was quite sad.We left from the place,with the books inside a poly bag,I would have helped him to lift it,but he carried it alone all along the way,we stopped at a parlour area and ordered two butter scotch,and a chocolate for Farhan.
"You should also try butter scotch,it tastes good"I said to him,"I had not tasted anything except this,I like this only."
The ice cream was acting as the best way to relieve ourselves,from the hot day,we finished our ice cream but Farhan was eating at a very slow speed,his ice cream was still one fourth remaining .
"Would you need an hour more to finish it,"I said.
"I look at every side of coin,if I would have had it at fast,then I could not have it's taste completely,but now I am enjoying it rightly,"he said and busied himself in his ice cream,Goku and I started laughing,we were unable to control ourselves,how stupid he was,the laugh went on for another five minutes,until he had finished his ice cream. We roamed here and there for the whole day  seeing all the gardens,beautiful they were,the best one was the,queen Victoria memorial garden”,it was really a worth visit,containing three thousand different varieties of flowers ranging from,ten different types of roses,to some sunflowers,I would  say that one can't have even a thought of his problems at this place,really it was beautiful and the best place in the whole world.
"Goku,it's quite late,we should have some food now,"I said looking into my pockets,Farhan and Goku both searched there ones also,but there was now nothing in it,except some sort of smell coming from Farhans pocket,"I am not having anything",I said taking my hands out of my pocket,"so now what to do","we will have something,wait for a minute,"said Goku "now what are you going to do,please don't do anything wrong,"said I.
I was sure that he will be doing something wrong,I was very well acknowledged,with his dangerous mind,"come with me,"he said looking at a nearby shop of sweets,it was the most famous one,we followed him to the shop.
"Brother,can we had some water,"the man looked at him in a very awkward way,he was according to me a worker at the shop,he gave us the glass and we took water from the nearby water cooler,just near to it,was a cluster of chips,uncle chips,lays and some sort of new brand's.
"Cover me."
“What?"
“I said cover me,".
We were not knowing what we should do,but we stood still in front of him,with the glasses in our hands,"what this sweet cost sir,"Farhan said,he was pointing to some,sweets of Indian style,there was an artificial,flower of jam in front of it and was making it look really good.
"It's an Indian Bengali sweet,so it will cost a little bit, fifty dollars,"he said smiling ,he would have made a stereotype in his mind that,we were not having any money and then also we are asking for such an expensive one,and he was right , we were just doing the same thing only,but he was not knowing that,after an hour he will be beating his head with stick when he will come to know that we had taken his chips.
"Ok taken,"Goku said from behind.
"Which one,take care I will eat only lay's and that also simply salted,"Farhan said.
"Foolish it's not my uncles shop,that you will get what you want,now move".
We thanked the man,but he didn't reply,Goku was really smart,we were not seeing any chips in  his hand.We quickly moved from their,I was really afraid that if someone saw us then what will happen,but we escape from the place soon,there was not a little bit of doubt on us.
"Did not you bring the chips?"I asked him,because there was not a thing which I found in his hand.
"I brought it,and you foolish talking as if you are sitting in a restaurant and I am the cater to whom you are ordering the chips".
"Sorry,now please take the things out,"Farhan said.
Goku moved her shirt up and from there came the,uncle chips and one any other brand which he would have taken up in exhaustion,the mixed feelings of joy and fear which was coming in my mind was really undescribed,we started taking up one by one,but Farhan at once took so many chips.
"Now you wouldn't take any more,see this hungry man taking as if wanted to feed the whole family"I said looking at him.
We enjoyed ourselves a lot that day,it was one of the best day of my life,though only for some hours,but it was.When we reached our college the things were calm,there was no one sitting at the place of our Nepali fellow,we get into our rooms nearly around six o’ clock.It was our  intelligence only that we had stored some packets of chips for us as our treat for night.The things were calm which help us to suggest that the gatekeeper has not made any fuss till now.After the dinner,we first took a little walk and then Farhan said,"it's quite difficult to pass nights at the graveyard,".
"Means you're afraid of ghost,and that the persons within the grave will wake up and will eat you up raw",I said to make a joke of him.
"I would not tell lie but ghost exist,this is my personal view,if you believe in God than you should believe in ghost and spirits also".
He was hiding a point in his last sentence,but I was clear,"I don't have anything to say upon this,but I don't believe in ghost,and so I don't seek for God   also".
"I was,since my childhood quite concerned about these things,I was of a view that there's something different in this world,there is something which  can't be recognized,but can be felt".
Our talk on such useless topics was getting deep,but during this time Goku didn't turn up with his views,which we both were willing to hear.The talk didn't go on after this,because a man came walking from behind.
"Hey you,are you Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay ,",Goku turned behind,to see who need him.
"Yes I am the one."
“Good,principal sir wants to see you,reach his office within ten minutes,"the man said and went away leaving us all alone with the different views of ours .
"What the evil want from  you ,I hope everything is fine,"Farhan said moving his hand on his head.
"The things will only be cleared when I will go and meet him,wait for me here"he said and quickly hurried up to the principal.
We both sat on the garden chair,waiting for Goku to return.
"I simply don't understand,why the things are going opposite to us, we just came here yesterday and within this short duration,our time has changed completely,punishment,problems,I simply don't understand why this is like this,and now Goku is called up,I am afraid if our journey will stop before starting only,if this time he found us engaged in any thing then he will surely detain us,my father will not leave me if this happens",I was completely in a state of depression at that time,I even reached to the thinking of suicide .
"Why you are talking so raw,the things had not happened till now and you had started thinking about their result,if any one else would have told me that you had acted in such a manner then I would have dotted him one."
                                      
                                        CH-6  
             THE PROBLEMS AND GRAVEYARD  
Really I was acting so raw,the conditions made me to do this,but the thoughts of my father were making me weak.
" If I will be returned like a failure,then what will happen to my father's respect,he  himself will  kill me like my brother"
"What?"
 After Farhan exclaimed like this then only I realized that I had spoken something wrong.
"Nothing,nothing".
"No don't try to tell lie we are going to learn these things only here so please tell the truth,did your father."

“No ,he didn't kill him,foolish,how a father can,aaa..",”
“Then what?,see I am not forcing you to tell,but I am sure that if you would tell me,then  you may will feel good and also I will try my best to solve your problem,the problems are opposite to knowledge,they just got reduced on sharing,you know"Farhan said.I looked at him  as if I am standing in front of an indian yoga Guru who is giving me a lecture on the human behaviour .
"Don't you think that I am so great,I just hear this from my mother,she used to tell these things to me when I feel depressed and it really works you know".
"How can I believe it?"I don't know why I said that but I did it.
"Tell me and have a trial," Farhan said and started laughing.
"Mr Farhan ,if I am right then you were the only  person,who didn't tell us about the same when we asked you,isn't it,"I said.
"Yes it is,but,see the things were so wrong".
"If you will tell me then I will also,otherwise forget about it",I was sure that Farhan would say to forget about it,but he didn't.
"Ok,I will tell you about it,the things are not so rude to me,it's all about my family ,my parents are always having some sort of conflicts between them,they didn't care for us".
"What do you mean by us are you having a brother?".
"No, not a brother but a small younger sister,she is in ninth now,really intelligent,my mother used to  blame my father,for small things she started shouting, she always had a main problem that my father didn't have time for us, and my father also never gave concern to her sayings,he just kept himself calm and hear my mother for half an hour continuously,I would really appreciate him because even after this he kept himself calm, once they had a fight ,they don’t even talk to each other,I was in tension because  Maria really don’t like these things,her studies get affected because of this stuff,I am afraid if she would be able to handle the things without me,and that's my story".
I looked at Farhan,his face was really becoming pale,I was just able to get a glimpse of his ocean of pain, in front of him my problem was nothing.
"I don't know what should I say,but I really appreciate your power,in spite of such opposite conditions you didn't loose your hope.
"Now please start with yours," he said as if we were playing a game.
"My father is a renowed man,he can die for his respect,and can also make someone else to,my elder brother fall in love with a girl who was at his college,they both decided to get married but the biggest obstacle was, she was a Muslim and my father was an orthodox Christian and so he eliminated both of them from the place,I liked him the most though he teased me some times,but then also he was the best man in the world,enjoying his life.
" This,is really unexpected,I really don't understand,why the world is like this,they should respect the love of lovers,"Farhan said,we were completely unaware that someone else was standing behind us,hearing our talks.
"So sharing the feeling's here,"Goku said ."Oh so you returned,was the man again bursting,?."
“No,he was not,you know his face is like this,that's why he always seems to be angry."
“You are talking as if he had  relieved us from the punishment,”.
“No he had not but has provided some concession,"as he said it our hearts jumped with joy,we were eager to hear what happened in the room.
"He has provided tents to us,so that we can have a good sleep,I was also really surprised with it as you both are"he said looking at our faces ,I simply don't understand why he  is trying to help us,but he is and if you don't mind,I would like to give a bad news,."
“What now don't say that after this we will be out of the school or as he has provided us some concession so he is going to increase our day's to five"I said in frustration.
"No,there's nothing like this,but there are only two tents in which we will be accommodated,"
"Is that,what was his name?” 
“Ashlesh"I helped Farhan to remember.
"Yes ,Ash,that devil really wanted to help us or what?".
“I don't know,I also asked him but he is not answering ,no matter we will manage,didn’t you hear that proverb something is much better than nothing"Goku said,so that we can have a positive thinking .So our assumptions about the call were completely wrong,and we were now fully relaxed,at night about nine some one knocked the door.
"See who is this",Farhan said to me,though I was not in a mood to get up and open the door,but I was not in a mood to have a conflict also,I looked at Goku who was standing near me and within a single sight he understood the matter and dropped his shirt on the bed to open the door,outside was that Nepali fellow accompanied by a man who was looking as if has not got enough food from the past few weeks,he was having a sun dried appearance.They were holding a packet which was quite big,it could be easily identified from his face that he has forgotten the things happened a few hours back.
"Principal has sent these tents to you,and now please follow us towards the graveyard."said the another  man who was seeing us in a very dreadful manner,Goku looked at us as if seeing for final confirmation that we are going to the place,within a minute or two we were ready ,there was a feeling of self confidence on our faces,but this was just to show off, the inside story was completely different,only our hearts knew that from which path we were going through.
"So now we should leave,it will really be a joyful experience,it's different ha,ha,"Farhan said in order to show that it was a very easy job,but what we can do, it's human tendency to make themselves superior in the eyes of others.
It was a short journey or it was seeming like this because  we were not willing to go there,it's said na the happier the time the faster it goes,the signs of remoteness of the place could be easily seen through the big old trees,as if it was an Indian horror blockbuster,the light of the moon  was for the first time seeking for us,or else it was for the first time when we were thinking that it was seeking for us.The clock would be having its small pointer at the ten and hour one some where between thirty and forty five when we reached at the place,I was hoping that the two men guiding us would say something, but to my surprise they just remained there for a minute in which they put the tents down and then again followed  their way,the only sentence spoken by the black man was"you should report at the college nearly at seven,otherwise may the days increase,".
"But the classes would start around ten"Farhan exclaimed,but they didn't reply anything and then slopes into the dark ,leaving us alone there.
"They should have helped us in setting up the tents"I was really angry at his behaviour."Now instead of taking out their  mistakes would you please help me to set it up,because it will surely take thirty minutes or more,"Goku said picking up the tents.
I was having a very good experience of campaign so I had a habit of setting up camps,they both were really surprised at my task and appreciate it a lot,"so now, what to do ,we are having  two only and we are three?".
"Don't say anything filmy ok,that one will be seeking for any problem, sitting outside and we will be doing it in turn,because I will sleep whole night,I want my first day to be calm and nice "I was really not in a mood of this,Farhans  face was also speaking that he had not slept since the last night.
"Ok you both sleep,"Goku said and stopped here only.
"And you,don't you dare not to sleep for the whole night".
"No I would manage something,you should have a good sleep now"we looked at him completely unaware about his plan,we were also not in a mood to make much inquiry,so we get in to the tent ,though I was not "fixing" in it properly but then also it was a nice sleep for me, what else a person needs rather than this who had not slept properly for two days,I don't know when my eyes got closed,but they only got opened when Farhan woke me up the next morning.
"Wake up stupid it is already seven thirty by my watch."
As these words got into my mind my laziness was escaped and I woke up like a robot.
"What,why didn't you wake me up?".
"I myself has woken up now so would I had come to you walking in sleep,by the way where is Goku?",Farhan said,I looked at him in suspicion.
"You had only make my eyes open,and you are asking from me only,I should have seek for him in sleep,Goku I am behind you don't go any where else"I said making a voice because I was completely irritated at that time,how one could feel when he slept in a graveyard,got late on the first day of college,and whose friend is missing,but Farhan didn't mind my words and we both came out rubbing our eyes and shouting for Goku .
"I think he would have already bursted into the college,don't you know him,".
"Have you gone mad,he had done so much for us and do you really think he would have gone leaving us sleeping,he is not like this."
I realized my mistake soon and did not speak anything else"ok, now first we should pack this stuff,and then search for him,I hope everything is fine,".
"Everything would be fine only".
"No, may it won't be because we had slept in a graveyard,a place for the dead,".
"I think I had already cleared it up that I don't believe in such phenomena's."
“But I do Raju,you only tell, what would have happened rather than my thoughts","I don't know may he would be sleeping on the trees."
As I said it,a shoe came down hitting my head,we both looked upwards and kept on looking until we didn't convince our minds that it was true. Up above the tree was sleeping a known person,Gokus one leg was on the branch while the other one was still resting in the air, sometimes moving forward and else backward,we both looked at each other in astonishment,was he still sleeping or what ,yes,he was sleeping in a very satisfied manner as if on a bed,with pillows under his neck.
"See that foolish now,sleeping after selling his horses as if."
Farhan took a stone and then threw it to the tree,but thus it got missed,I tried the next time,and this time the target was achieved,the stone hit the stomach and with a jerk he got up, though it was very difficult,but he made it easily,Farhan waved his hands ,and got reply in the same way.
"Now do you need anything else for coming down"I shouted .
"Oh yes,but how I will?".
"In the same way as you climbed up"I exclaimed.
"Yeah,but don't you think that its easy to climb but difficult to come down,".
"So,I think that we should hold you down here otherwise we will not be able to reach the college in time",I looked at my watch and got a view of it.
"Oh really"I said.
"Ok,ok now you should get down otherwise we will get more late ,"Farhan said correcting his mistakes ,'ok"he looked at me. "Yes it's ok",I said
"Now you both should stop fighting,and bring that rope here?",
“which rope?"
"That one behind you".
We looked  behind but there was not a single thing that named rope.
“Are your eyes working well or else you are just kidding with us","no that creeper Raju, you should cut  it and throw to me ".
He was pointing at the grave of a person,on which was resting many shrub's and small elastic ropes.
"That's a siadi creeper you know,we can use it as rope and that is very strong "
“Farhan move forward ","no, I would not,you should go and have it, ","why feeling afraid?","no I never get afraid, but that's above a grave and we should not go for it."
“I simply don't understand why you are having such a thinking."
 I said and then moved to the grave and then started to break it.It was quite tough and hard,but I had gone to gym not only to waste money,I broke it completely, enough to throw it on the tree,the grave was of a person named very different.
“Here slept the red handed King."I considered the thing gravely,I was quite surprised at the name so I removed away the dried leaves,and there was written a date which was also strange “October twenty forth nineteen ninety-eight. 
"The date has not come yet,and he also died there,"I said to myself.
"I hope you had not slept yet,"Farhan shouted,and I quickly ran away,the thing didn't strike my mind so much.
"Take it and throw",Farhan did the same and within a duration of few minutes Goku was down with us .
"Nice place chosen by you,I hope you had got a very good sleep,"I said waving my hands in exhaustion.
"Yes it was really nice don't you think we should have such experiences in our lives,it becomes really new,a nice sleeping experience"he said smiling
"It is now eight here only and it would surely take an hour or more to reach there"after these pressure giving word's of Farhan also, Goku was not having a single folding on his head,he was looking  calm and cool as he was before.
"Don't take tension,we will reach there on time before teno’ clock " .
"I hope you remember the words of that burnt chapatti "reach the place before seven"I said making a voice,Goku just smiled a little bit and then moved forward,what we will do with such a person who always moves in his own way,and never follow the world,none of us spoke a single word until we reached the main gate of college which was closed giving us an another good news.
                                             
                                    CH-7   
                              THE FIRST CLASS 
"Now I think it is another good news, the gate is closed.
"But why?".
"I think the black man said us to reach the college before seven,because of this only"Goku said.
"But it's not a problem you know ",as he say it I looked at him as if he has gone mad .
"We will reach the place by climbing it,”
 “What you said?". 
"Yes we will ,they closed the gate but didn't said that we should remain outside"he said and started climbing up we kept on looking him,he was not afraid a little bit and with a great perfectness he reached the top and started the next side. Farhan and I looked at each other for a single second,smiled and then ran quickly towards the goal like Ronaldo.
"Goku would have reached the place,".
"We are also going to be there in a few minutes,".
We were so joyful at that time that there was not a single thought in our mind about what will happen when we will reach in side and the people there will be seeing us coming from the top.As we rose up,we get a scene that was really not expected,the people standing there looked at us as if they were waiting for us only,"hey"I said waving my hands and then had a look downwards,it was quite familiar to see Goku,standing in the front of them,we also moved downwards under their inspection,and joined Goku ,we were expecting that the old man,Mr Ash,so called would be this time completely resticating us from the  college.
"So now in this case you will be  having any  else problem".
"No,sir,but we were a little bit busy sir,".
We both looked at Goku in order to make sure that he is in his senses ,"so,you see gentlemen ,they were a little bit busy,"he said giving stress on the “little bit".
“We are willing to hear what kind of work was it which kept such a foolish guy busy".
"Sir, we were doing inspection sir,"Goku said in such a confidence way that for a single second we also got in confusion that may we would have inspected something,the principal was not a man to be trifled with,he looked at us for a moment and then there happened a thing,which was not expected.
"I want you in class in next second,run now"as he said it we looked at him in a suspision"don't you hear me,run".
We run like criminals and didn't stop until we reach the class,which had already started,we had not taken a bath,and our hairs were looking like as if they can be converted into a brush.We quickly reached the class room with our books in hand.
"May I come in sir?"
We said together,inside was a man with curly hair and a normal height, he allowed us to come in side,our first class was of"the  history of detectives",it was a boring subject but the way in which the man was teaching was really awesome,he developed in us an interest for the subject,so the conclusion was ,that the class was really good,there was a gap of some minutes in which we got a time to talk.
"I am really surprised that the man didn't give us punishment,"I said seeking for the next period .
"I don't think that the man is so rude you know,but he just pretend to be like this,"Goku said speaking in the favour of the old man.
"I don't think he is like this,may be he would be in a good mood at that time or he would have thought an another punishment for us"I kept my view.
"Why are you discussing about the past, now forget about that,what about the man that took the first class ,isn't he a very good teacher,"Farhan said.
"Yes he was,what's his name?".
"Yaseen,Mr Mohammad Yaseen" came a familiar voice from behind,Priyanshi was there with a pile of books.
 "Do you know him?",Goku said who was expected to do the same.
"He is the best personality you would ever find,there would be no one as perfect like him in clutching the criminals,he works in such a way that even they themselves are not able to know about their catching."
Priyanshi was really very fascinated with his personality,"yeh,really he is having a kind of perfectness,"Farhan added.
Our whole day went on very nicely,we were already so famous ,sorry infamous that we didn't have to introduce ourselves,that night we managed to have a good sleep in the graveyard because now we were having a perfect option for Goku to sleep on the branches,but we make it a little bit easy for him by placing a cloth on it,and the next morning also we,reach there on time ,that abnormal grave was not given any importance by me,our problems were solved and now the things were going easily,but until Goku was with us,how the ultimate peace can be achieved,two days after the starting of our classes,in the first period only, something happened which was not at all admired ,when we entered the class Mr Yaseen was not there,we three sat together,and then a boy came with long hair,he was white,white as an Indian ,he was quite smart,the girls who were earlier busy in some Gossiping were now  looking at him with pointed eyes,he gave a jerk to his head,due to which his hair moved forward.
"Isn't he nice?".
A girl sitting besides us said to Priyanshi.
"No, he is not,I don't like such persons,he is just a fool trying to fool us,”. 
"Oh God,I am also saying to whom,I am really afraid about your choice,"the another one said but she did not reply,Yaseen sir then entered the class and we all wished good morning to him, as the lecture went on he explained us about how Mr Howard started an agency and then the series went on,Goku suddenly dropped his pen,he bent down to pick it up,sir also looked for a while behind and then again busied himself in writing on the white board ,we also didn't disturb ourselves,after 1 minute or more he asked me to give a pen may be because his one was not working, which I gave him,we didn't talk at least with each other but sir said in a calm voice. 
"You should give it some jerks and then again it will be started,"we were astonished,we were so quite but then also he has got our voice ,Goku tried his best to jerk it and really it got started.
"Thanku sir ",Goku replied.
"Now I think you should meet me in my room at ten"he said looking at Goku ,Goku looked behind as if Mr Yaseen was saying to some one else.

“He is talking to you Goku.”
Priyanshi from behind said pushing him forward.
"I sir?".
“Yes Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay,you only I hope you are not so busy ."
"No I am not sir"
"Good".
After five minutes the class got over and we were out,Goku was a little bit late, we waited for him for ten minutes but he did not come up.
"Where he is,he should have come up till now,we should get in side",said Farhan,we moved in side but we found no one .
"They are not here".
"But we were outside only and I didn't see them also coming out,".
"Me too,"I added,we were quite surprised by their sudden disappearance,the men who were standing before in side were now not there,what a sudden disappearance .
"We should move out,they would have gone when we were talking,"Farhan said and I followed him to our next class which was at the top floor,"he is quite smart he would have gone with Priyanshi," but she is also with her friends see there" Priyanshi was really there and I waved my hands in the air.
In the next class Goku was not there.Mrs Reema explained the mentality of criminals while performing a crime, when almost half of the period was ended,came a voice.
"May I come in mam",our heads turned towards the sound at the same time as if we were some robots,it was Goku who was lanking with his bag,Mrs Reemas  spectacles were down at the nose and her brows tightened,a fool would have also make it out that she was quite angry but our friend was a little bit more from that, he kept looking at her smiling,"nice time to come Mr...".
"Goku mam"he helped her to find his name.
"Ok,Mr Goku ,I don't think that its your real name,".
"Yes my pet name mam ,the real name is Gopal Krishna Upadhyay."
“What a big fool he is telling his pet name to his teacher ,completely mad","so Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay that's a good time to enter the class, isn’t it that you are trying to draw our attention towards you",Goku’s smiled widened a little bit.
 "No mam "he said,"I was with Mr Yaseen",as he said, this time her face turned red and she seemed to be really angry.
“ So now also go to him ,I hope he will allow you in his,class" ,"but I,had already attended his class."We were not able to understand that why he was indulging himself with such a teacher. 
"If you had attended his class then you should stand outside and wait till we had finished ok, now get out"she shouted at him .
Goku at this moment also was having a smile on his face and without raising any question he moved out side,the lecture continued and Mrs Reema was not at all concerned about the fact that Goku was not from among those whom she can handle, we came to know about his true intention only this time, earlier  we saw him as a free man who was not having any way in his life but again as his habit he was moving on a way of his own,Goku was writing the things standing outside also,which the teacher was speaking to us, she was in a dilemma that by not allowing him to the class she is giving him a punishment, that he would not be able to understand the things ,but Goku sitting outside also was listening to his teacher,I smiled a little at the ignorance of Mrs Reema and again busied myself in her lecture .After nearly fifteen minutes the class got over.
"Where were you,we waited for a long time outside the class,and when we moved in there was no one ".
"And we also didn't see any one coming outside so where were you,"Farhan added,Goku remained quite for a short time and then said 'we moved out with others only and he scolded me a little for creating disturbance,just this only"he stopped here.
 "That doesn't take so much time friend if you don't want to tell us then don't, but please don't tell lie it doesn't seem good in front of the person's training for detection "I said.
"The time will tell everything you know but the things which I had said are not wrong trust me."He said and we went towards our food court.
At nine thirty approx  Goku got him self ready for the meeting with Mr Yaseen  who called him to his office at ten,we were completely unaware about the fact due to which he called him,if it would be something related to punishment then we would have prepared ourselves mentally,but we were sure that it won't be anything like that because the mistake was not so serious.Goku took leave from us at nine forty five which was fifteen minutes before the stated time and it was because of the reason that his home was situated at the end of the college boundary which would take this little time.
"I am simply not understanding that why they are acting with us in such a strange behaviour,we would have been more happy if our college life would have started in a normal way"I said waving my hands in exhaustion.
"What you say should we also join them in their talks?"Farhan said .
"What are you saying we had not been invited so how could we join them","who cares for invitation, in our town when we friends were together ,if the one was also called for any function than the whole team usedto join him to the celebration,"Farhan said with a dreamy look on his face as if seeking for the days which he had enjoyed.
"That's a different thing Farhan and why we should go there, I am sure there would be nothing useful for us".
"It's not a different thing Raju, our one friend is invited so we should also go, it's our right to go and no one can deny us,I am going .If you also wish to come then you are most “invited"he gave a pressure on the word” invited” in order to make sure that I had heard the word and he moved out.
                                               CH-8
                                       MR YASEEN
  I was cursing my fortune for giving me such a good friends who were a model of behaviour,what I would do alone here and what would happen if we were caught also there would be not much change in our lives if one more problem is increased I thought,and so  I also followed him .He was not much far away, I caught him soon.
"So you came, I was knowing it you can't be alone there sitting for study"Farhan said.
"I can,"I spoke in a calm voice because I was knowing that I can't do that.
“I hope he would have reached the place, he left before five  minutes "Farhan said after nearly twenty minutes.
"I don't care,"I  said in a very cold voice,within a duration of few minutes only the house of Mr Yaseen was visible, it was quite small as compared to our thoughts, we were accepting a very beautiful one, with large pillars but it was hardly having three room's,it could be easily identified that the man sitting in side and addressing our friend was a nature lover,  he had a very good collection of flowers and some different trees which were completely unique but beautiful, the voice was not coming outside ,we made ourselves rest on the window which was at the back side of Mr Yaseen,Goku was sitting in front of him and was holding a tea cup,the house was seeming to be completely quiet. Our detective minds were saying that there is no one else in the house, there was no one there living with Mr yaseen, instead there was a collection of many books.
"So you would be thinking that why I had called you here, at such an irregular time ".Goku nodded his head.
"Ha,ha good,but now without asking any question give an ear to my story and I hope you will understand the reason completely for you being  called up here.You had already seen Mr Ashlesh ,I am working with him from a quite long time, he is a very good man he helped me when I was not having a single coin to buy food.So its my duty to help him when he is in problem".
"In what kind of problem is he sir?"Goku asked the same question which came in our mind.
"Yes its necessary for you to understand the problem,Mr Ashlesh was having a son and a loving wife means, he was having everything that one can desire for, during one cold night when we both were sitting together, a letter came,I myself opened it in order to read ,because he was not able to find his glasses,the letter was nothing but a call for help by some needy mentioning about a criminal Robin steel you will be reading about it in your next chapter".
"Yes we had already gone through this name, the most dangerous one".
"Who told you about it "Mr Yaseen was quite surprised by his answer.
“Principal sir himself told us, he showed us the pictures also, they are framed on the walls of auditorium".
Mr Yaseen was looking at Goku without blinking his eyes as if he has got a big shock with it, he didn't say anything for the next five minutes and continued looking at the floor, during this time Goku observed us standing behind the window, he smiled a little and then tried to draw the attention of our teacher towards the main point.
“Is everything fine,sir?".
"Oh yes I am sorry so where were we?."
"Letter sir ,a letter came".
"Yes,the letter was a call for help, it was from a lady whose husband was killed by that blood sucker,Ron Clark,she was wishing for some help from us she thought that we will catch him, she wrote a little bit details also about how and why he came and killed his husband,at the end was a picture of a small family which we concluded to be she herself,her husband and their son, there was quite similarity between the the son and the father,we moved on to catch him, our team was considered to be the best one but who was knowing that the team was doing one of his last works and that single letter will change our lives.”.
He stopped a little here and then again continued.
“We tried everything to catch him and we walked behind him from place to place, he tried to kill us but that sharp mind was not this much sharp that he could kill us,the persons more probably the detectives killed by him were all among those who feared death but this time he was in ring with someone who was having a will to accept his death ,Mr Ashlesh. He was aware of this fact that he can't kill our sir, so as it happens in films he kidnapped his wife which was the only living friend of his,but the man was unaware of the fact that Mrs Dashora was herself having some characteristics of her husband, she killed herself and chose the way of ultimate peace, she was not like other ladies who would said their husband to leave his work or not to put himself in danger for others but she wanted her husband ,never to bow his head in front of anyone, so she sacrificed herself,my friend was very much disturbed with this but he never let himself down and nor he shared his pain with anyone."Mr Yaseen again stopped here.
"At last he was not able to catch him because he told us that the man was never caught, he died freely",Goku added but didn't get any reply.
"It's sufficient for you to know till here only what happened next will be already known to you ","but this can't be the reason for your call to me"Goku said in a very serious way though we were knowing that he was not serious.
"Yes, now the thing is, you will come here every night now don't ask anything else, the reason you will be knowing on time".
It was the symbol for Goku to leave,we also moved a little backward.
"And tell your friends to come here from gate tomorrow, it's not good to look inside your teachers house from window",he said when Goku opened the door. 
We were completely astonished, he didn't at least look behind ,so how he came to know that we were there on his window,Goku didn't reply and moved quietly from there at eleven ,when our teacher closed the door we also took leave from the place and caught Goku after a while who was waiting for us near an old tree of Oak.
"Why did you follow me and thank God that he didn't call you up there"Goku said.
"I was telling him that we should not go there but why he will hear me ,if he thinks that he is always right all the time". I was making my anger to rest on the head of Farhan,and my temper got on it's pinnacle when he gave such an irresponsible reply,"but now everything is finished na ,we had not been scolded  and got an invitation also for the visit".
"But you should thank your luck this time that he didn't give you, including me any punishment otherwise it would have resulted in the last night of ours in this college".Goku said
 "Today we will sleep in a peaceful way"Farhan said taking a nap.
"Put your dream aside gentleman ,that panda will be snoring there like anything".
"Oh shit "a voice came out suddenly from Farhans mouth.
"Don't you try to change the topic,I am really very serious towards the things,we should instead use our mind to think that why he would have called us ".
"Us?"
Farhan interrupted me in the between.
"Ok,Goku right, to tell the history about that old man".
“Yes we should give a thought to it,there was nothing useful for us to know in it and the things are also over now ,then why he was sharing this stuff with us."
Goku was having a point in his words.
"But I don't think that he told us so much things just without any reason,"this time also Goku gave us a true reason to think.
"We will have a battle with our mind on this topic tomorrow at present don't you think that our first priority should be the great snoring man who is waiting for us in the room"Farhan said and Goku also joined him in laughing but I was not in a mood to laugh.
"Don't you think that you will shout this time also ,because the old man is now just seeking for a chance to show us the way of outside and we should be smart enough not to give him any such chance".
"We are not so foolish that we will do it publicly this time we will act smartly"said Goku. 
"What,what do you mean"I was allowed to stagger and they both went away .I followed them fastly to stop , but as we took a turn,our legs got cold,there was a sight that no one of us was expecting in our dreams also, my eyes got closed without my will,I waited for someone to tell me that it was a joke,our most bad dream was standing in front of us,Mr Ashlesh was having his one hand on his spectacles and the other was waiting eagerly to write our removal letter or more probably the danger letters to our family. 
"I hope you are aware of the rule that roaming in the college campuses after ten is not at all allowed".
“Sorry sir we were with Mr Yaseen".
"Why so taking some punishment from him?".
We were not knowing what to say, we could not tell him the truth that it was about him only and our minds also were now not in such a condition to think any" good reason,good enough to make a fool of that old man.
"Sir,we were discussing some questions with him"Goku said in a very confident manner “aren't we Rajendra?".He looked at me for making it sure that he was telling right.
“Oh,yes sir it was about that great criminal Ron Clark,we were quite eager to know about it after you told us his greatness so we went to him to satisfy ourselves,he really explains well sir,".
The old man was looking at me in some confusion,I was also not knowing that why I said it but the reason was really powerful, because both my friends were looking at me in admiration.
"I had solved your problem, now reach to your beds'"he said and continued his way,we were completely unaware that the principals also room in the night for inspection.
"We were not knowing that this good man tells lie in,such a great manner."Farhan said looking at me with a smile.
"I ,I didn't tell lie we were discussing about him only so it's not lie,"I said in exhaustion.
"He said that he has solved our problem what he was talking about",Goku said in a deep voice,"we are having so much problems so he would have also think that I should help them",Farhan said taking it lightly ,I didn't say anything till we reached the room because I was sure that Farhan was not in a mood to listen to me,we opened the gate and then moved inside, our eyes were getting heavy, so we don't talk much accept the thing that the sound of snoring was not coming now.
"So he was talking about solving this problem,I really did not expect it from him,he was according to us quite a cruel man so,his nature of helping us was not at all admired.
"He was afraid of us"Farhan said.
"Why so, the man who did not get afraid from death would afraid from us ,what a joke,"I said revolting against him.
“He would have also think that we were not from among those who would accept his dictatorship, so he is now trying to keep us happy".
"There is nothing like this Farhan, he is a good man,I don't know why these thoughts are coming in my mind but….. ,"Goku stopped hear, I was happy that this time he was supporting me.
"But what? ".
"But I think that there is some  intention of him in this".
“What intention,I don't think there would be something like this and if there is also than who cares,so now we should have a good sleep ,it is the least we can do now"Farhan said and we all went to the bed I don't know whether Goku slept or not but I got sweet sleep thinking about him. 
                                  

                                         CH-9 
                         THE ANOTHER VISIT
The next morning our classes were not more, so we did not feel too much tired ,there was little bit excitement also about the reason why Mr Yaseen would have called up, what he was going to tell us today, some assumptions were also there like, he would be telling us the next part of the story but Goku was not saying anything ,in fact his eyes were searching for something here and there.
"See him, looking like searching for anything serious"I said to Farhan .
"He is searching for Priyanshi I am sure, why a man would be accepted to do anything else".
We were quite surprised to know that she was absent today because she was well punctual to classes,the seat behind Goku remained empty that day but there was one good news also for us, Mr Yaseen didn't say anything about us in the class,after the last class of the day which was of"the tools of crime” we were told to assemble ourselves in the auditorium not    only of our Batch,but the whole college was invited, Mr Ashlesh was standing in front on the stage already, which he normally don't do and to our surprise another man looking quite young in age as compared to our principal was in front of us. 
"You all are requested to take your seats please"he said and all the students including us sat down.
“There is a thing of proud for us today for all of us including me that Mr Jorge Luis has kindly agreed to take my place".
There was a deep silence in the auditorium, what we were hearing was completely undesirable.We were shocked very very shocked.
"I hope you will keep Mr Louis happy, it's the least you can do,now I would request our worthy “PRINCIPAL” sir,to address his children",he said and then handed over the place to the another man named Louis.
"I would like to thank sir,for giving me the opportunity for carrying out the administration of such a great  college ,though I had never thought of coming again to this college after the completion of my studies but I had got such a great chance,that's like fulfilling of your dream, I am now taking place of a person who taught me to walk when I was not be able to, I know that there would be something missing in my work but I promise you sir that I would try my best to carry on with it thanku".
We were quite surprised to know that he was a student of this school only and now is taking over as principal.
"We should never try to take all the things with us that comes in our way because its not possible ,we have to forget and leave behind the things, sometimes it becomes painful to leave but we should do it, we should move on and try our best to achieve the things which we had desired, dear students,you are going to study detection in which the thing that comes first is your point of view, see this glass"he was holding a glass filled half with water.
"Some of you will say that it is filled half with water and the other's will be favouring that it is half empty but I am quite  admired by the words of a political Indian leader Mr Narendra Modi ,he said that the glass is completely filled, half with water and the half with air,I hope you would have understood the point."
These were the last words we heard from that man and then in his usual dress only he moved down and then got disappeared.
"Where is he going?"I exclaimed.
"How I will be knowing"Farhan said.
"We will follow him ,I wish to have some words with him"Goku said an another thing which was completely impossible because in front of these too many people any one can notice us."What are you saying we can't move from here now, it is very difficult".
"But it's easy as compared to hearing that gentleman the incidence of his school time which may will go on for another fifteen minutes,”he said ,got up and moved slowly from the door, our mouths remained opened.
"Now its my turn"I said and followed the same path.
"Where are you going gentleman"Mrs Reema Hassan was standing in between me and my door.
"Er… to answer the nature's call and if I didn't reach the right place within five seconds then the call will be answered here only"I said and without wasting a single second waiting for her answer I escaped out of the door.
The last expression that came on her face when I leFT the hall was quite good,good enough to make our beloved former principal laugh which was as difficult as to force the Sun to rise from the west.
"So you came?”, Goku was waiting for me there standing near the exit, we waited for few minutes but Farhan didn't come.
"Mrs Reema would have stopped him, she tried her best to stop me also but I escaped from her clutches".
“So we should move on"he said and as we moved a single step the door again opened and Farhan came stamping hard.
"What happened?"
"Nothing if you don't want our old man to left ,than please we should move on, it's least important what happened inside"he said and we ran as fast as we could. 
Mr Ashlesh was there standing at the huge main gate talking happily with our Nepali fellow and that black Nigerian man who helped us to the graveyard, it was a very good scene, the way he was talking to his servants almost was completely admirable,we moved forward to them.
"You should carry on with your work and don't hesitate to give advice to the one who is going to take my place, I remember that you feel very uncomfortable when ever I used to ask you people for the same".
It was quite surprising that such an experienced person seek for the advice of clerks and they themselves were looking quite familiar to the principal,I remember my first day when the Nepali man was telling me about something for which he was not satisfied with the work of administration,now I came to know that it was for this reason.
"Sir we will miss you a lot,"the black man told him, there were tears in his eyes.
"No that's just a matter of few days and again you will be okay with the new man, he is quite good in nature"it was this time only when Mr Ashlesh noticed three of us standing there, he smiled a little,and then said,"again trying to do some mischief ,you three get escaped from the auditorium,breaking rules?"
"Sorry sir.".
"Ok it can be forgotten, so why you are here?".
We all looked at each other"sir,..."Goku stopped here.
"Will you moved ahead of “sir,?"
"Why you are leaving sir?.
We were also having the same question in our mind but this doesn't mean that we will go straight to the principal and ask him the reason for his resignation, but his face was calm.
"That you will come to know on time,but as you had asked me, so the reason is because I am having some work, a very important work and we are going to meet again soon so please don't say bye .
He stopped here only and we then kept looking at him until  he took the turn and got disappeared from our eyes, the tears were flowing from the eyes of our two different friends,it was for the first time when I saw  workers crying due to resignation of their boss otherwise it's a general thing to hear the guy's making bad sign's behind the back of their head,we kept them behind alone with themselves and came outside the  gate of auditorium from which the voice of our new director was coming out.
"Breaking of rules would not be tolerated,we will be moving outside at night checking if you are in your room or not".
"Please someone go and tell him to be quiet, here is so much important work as compared to hear his stuff lectures "Farhan said putting his hands on his head.
We sat on the chairs kept out side and were thinking about the man when Gokus lost thing came to him, Priyanshi was coming quickly towards us,Farhan also turned his face towards her .
"Sir gave this for you"she forwared a piece of paper towards Goku.
"Who sir?",Goku said and began to open it, he was not at all hiding it from us.
"Don't allow your favourite things to be left behind, try your best to take them together otherwise the life will end like this only and you will not be able to get anything"your friend" p" Ashlesh ."
“What does this mean?."
“I don't know, he is a great detective so he would expect his students also to be like him “intelligent"Priyanshi said.
"See he has written "p"Ashlesh, is he having a one more name before ash"?I asked to make the things light.
"So where were you since morning?"Goku asked her.
  "I was preparing cake for him he liked it very much".
"Cake?”have you been a cook of his?".
We said without giving a chance to Goku to speak.
"No, absolutely not ,one day I was having it alone when he passed, I offered him the cake and he liked it, so he asked me normally to make a one for him, today also I gave  one of that kind to him and he accepted it whole heartedly.
She was quite happy when she said it .
"So he is now gone and that young gentleman is our new principal"Goku said making a very dull face.
"I simply don't understand that why you are feeling so sad for that man who has been so harsh to us"I said to Goku. 
"I don't know why this is happening, I generally never give concern to the things of past but there is a sound coming from inside, saying that I am very close to that man he has done a great work for me though he has not, but than also ".
"It happens sometimes that may we don't know a person well enough but then also there is an attachment with it"Priyanshi said and her words really had an effect on Goku because his expressions were now changed completely.
"He said that we are going to meet again though there are not any chances".
"If he has said then may be there would be some chances"Mr Yaseen was now standing behind Priyanshi.
"Good afternoon sir"she said in a very decent voiceand Mr Yaseen also replied her in the same way .
"Goku kept looking at him as if his smile is the answer of all the questions which were struggling in his mind to come out through mouth.
"Now I think you all should move away from here because the principal sir has finished with his speech"he said and we moved quickly from there so that the crowd can't see us,two days went on as fast as they could, we didn't go to Mr Yaseen at that night because there was a lot of home work, he was understanding our situation so, he also left us for two days ,it was Saturday night when we decided to meet him.
"Teachers will  be patrolling today also, they are doing this from last two days"I said looking outside the window.
"Its the tendency of teacher's to be strict when they are new but after some time everything becomes normal, have a bet on it if you didn't agree."
Farhan was right there was not anyone outside that day ,we covered ourselves in blankets so that our face was not visible.
"I really don't like it at all, it is creating irritation all around the body"Farhan said covering himself.
"It's just a matter of few  minutes Farhan, once we are out of this place than you can release it off."
Goku said and we moved forward, when we passed through the room of that snoring man there was a lock ,but we were not having time to waste on thinking about the reason, when we reached the stairs some senior students were coming, completely drunk.
"What the hell they're doing here ,our plan will get failed if someone came hearing their shout."
Farhan was trying to escape from them by hiding behind the pillars and we also did the same, they passed from there, waving their bottles in the air ,we easily moved from that place, no one was there in the way, when we were safe from any disturbance we took our blankets off and started moving.
"So did you find the meaning of that letter which Mr Ashlesh sent?".
"No not till now don't you know how much work we were having ,there was not time for thinking about it".
"Oh sir ,telling as if completed all the work, you were sleeping the whole two days and saying that you are not having time,it seems to be good when we said it, not you"I said making faces.
"You don't know I study at night".
"Oh ho, you just sit there on your table for one hour and saying that you study in the night".
"So what's wrong in that?".
"We are in college now and if we will not study then ours life would be ruined,we should at least study for four to five hours",I was now giving lecture to him on how to study.
"There lies nothing in the time, it matters that how you study, if you will study for just one hour with concentration than it is better than three hours of study"I didn't said anything after that because I was knowing that this man is having his own mentality towards leading the life and I was not great enough to change it, within a duration of few more minutes we reached the house of our teacher,he was standing at the gate only waiting for us and as he saw us he moved inside, we also followed him, as we entered the house  we saw some paintings and some photos which were hung on the walls ,there were nearly eight or nine photos and a majority of them were showing him and Mr Ashlesh together,he was looking quite young, his beards were completely covering his face, he was looking quite smart and there was something different in him ,his personality was only quite sufficient to attract someone and that was present now also but the glow of the face was not there,Mr Yaseen gave us the signal to sit and as expected didn't go in side for tea,we sat aside each other and looked at him for something to say.
"You are now going to learn arnetcy,"he said.
It could be easily determined from the faces of my friends that they were not at all aware about this,"I hope you know it?”.

"But sir that is taught only in the last year, why to us?"I was quite surprised with it, he was looking at me.
“What?”my friends said.
"The art of using weapons",I said and our teacher  was quite impressed by me.
 "It's the demand of the time that you should have this art, it is going to be your best tool in the coming time".
We looked at each other in suspicion ,we were now having an exact proof that we were being treated differently and it would have been a feeling of proud but now it was just creating tension for us.
"But sir we are not having anything like that right now so how we will be?"Goku asked.
"That's my task, I will give you that and the teaching also, in return I would demand for a single thing which I will tell you later, right now you should just follow me to the store room"he said and moved inside the room.
 “I don't know why the things are happening in such a strange way"Farhan said but didn't get the answer.
"I think I had asked you to follow me"came a voice from inside.
 "coming sir".
We shouted and then moved behind him in an old store room which was seeming to be old enough and had not been opened for a very long time because there was dust all around it, our teacher escaped into the darkness for a short time and then again  appeared with some boxes having a big layer of dust on them .
"Take this"he gave an old gun to me which was looking as a pistol, one to Farhan and the last turn was of Goku, he took out another one from that box and this time there was something different, a good and heavy gun was in his hands ,it was really beautiful ,the man looked at it for a short time and then said.
"It's very precious for me, its the gun of that old man who left the college two days before ,he always use this one only ,take this it is now yours."he said and handed it to our friend. 
He was giving it in a way like a father gives his precious things of ancestors to his son.
 "So now ready to learn this, you are the first to have a study of these dangerous things at such an age, you are having three bullets with you ,which you had to shot and remember this is the first and the last time when I will be leaving you for your mistakes,we will practice for only two days means you're having just two days to learn the skill which generally needs more time, nearly two weeks if you are practising continuously ,so now you can see a pot,placed on that old almirah, it was a gift given to me but now its of no value and you are supposed to shot it in three shots,so get ready move your guns' up,Farhan you should hold it tightly you are not holding a toy, it will give a great jerk to you and the gun will fall down".
"But sir its sound will be heard in the college"I said.
"You don't care about that my son that's my problem and for your concern this room is sound proof the sound can enter it but can't leave, so now it's your turn to start first Rajendra"  I was ready for it. 
This was not new for me,I suppose to have few of these things in our house also and I had tried my hands over them few times so my first shot was quite close to it but didn't hit the target well. 
"That's a good start, now another one.” 
I shot the another one and this time ,bingo, the pot broke and its pieces escaped through the whole room.
"Good,very good I am impressed and the next one that show piece near that box” the thing which he was pointing at was quite small and was seeming to be difficult to undertook but I tried and got failed, but to my satisfactory it was quite close.
"The next one "he said and Farhan holded the gun tightly .
"Shoot at that clock"he was pointing to an old clock hung on the walls,Farhan holded the thing tightly ,moved it towards the clock and 'bang” the clocks spring was coming out like Tom and Jerry.
"I would have appreciated you but that was just by chance, the other one is the same for you and your friend ".
He was symbolizing that bird only which I shot before but my friends fortune didn't work this time the other two shots were very fast and were at a distance from the target. 
"I was right"sir said and Farhan moved its shoulders up as if saying I don't care.
The next chance was of Goku who was not at all looking under pressure because he was knowing that he wouldn't be able to do it rightly and his all the three shots were quite far away from the thing which he was asked to shot,Mr Yaseen was not at all satisfied with his performance.
"Seeming as if held the gun for the first time,it happens don't mind and rather practice, now the next three shots"he said,though Goku was not able to prove himself too good but he was then also having a smile on his face.
The next time he asked us to shot some fruits which he bought from outside and this time Goku was able to shot one apple which was placed quite near to him as suitable to his level.
"That's a good try but not enough good to satisfy our needs, now I think you should go to your beds and be careful the teachers would be roaring around the campus like anything".
We were quite amazed at his word"roaring"but didn't say anything,"and hear I should find you here tomorrow at this time only".
We shook our heads and then went towards the room there was no one there and we reached safely to the bed,the next two days went the same,Goku got failed some times but the progress was remarkable, Farhan and I proved ourselves as the experienced player of the game,and our trainer was quite happy with us,our time was over but Goku was now also lacking in the game,when we were moving back to the campus we gave him a long lecture on the thing,as how we should hold the gun and concentrate but I am sure that he was giving an ear to our words only to keep us happy, there was not a thing which he would have learned from it.
                                   CH-10
                   THE LOVE AND MYSTERY
After the classes of Saturday when we were moving to restaurant Goku suddenly acted different.
"What happened are you ok? ".
I asked to him ,"yes I am fine just wait for me here"he said and moved towards  Priyanshi who was busy in finding something in her bag.
  “Hy"he said and came the same answer.
"Er were you alone when Mr Ashlesh gave you that thing that letter?".
"No,I was not, my friends were with me"she said,it was coming from her face that she was not aware about why he was asking such a question.
"Thanks"he said but there was now a type of seriousness on his face which was expected to come when the sun will rise from any another direction.
"Is there any problem"she asked and Goku moved his head sideways.
"What happened?"Farhan asked when we were having our lunch "He knew it."
"What?".
"This that I like her"he said it in a way as if he is out of his senses,he was not at all aiming to say it but that came on his mouth.
"oOokk"we said together, he now tried to handle the matter but we were not so loose.
"Means that she is having a respect in my mind".
"Yes, yes what you had think of us we are a fool ,we were knowing it from the first day that you like her but we didn't say anything, do you want us to tell her?We will help you to look after the matter, after all we are your best friends,"Farhan said making a very large smile.
"No,no what you are saying keep your mouth shut otherwise someone will hear."
"Ok,we will not shout but you just say one time that you are in love"I was trying to teach him that some were the things in which we get some better ideas as compared to him.
"No I don't".
"Ok,Priyanshi."
“Oh what you are doing ,are you a friend or an enemy?".
"Your friends only foolish and that's the only reason why we are trying to help you,I think she had not heard pri".
"Ok I like her but please keep your mouth shut,now".
We were having a smile on our faces though he remained angry for some time ,but again as was his nature became normal,"but why you  were asking her that anyone was there with her at the time when he gave her the letter"I asked him when I was not in a mood to study on a dark night.
"I considered that letter for a long time, you remember that before his name a “p” was return in the letter?".
"Yes".
"The only thing that strikes again and again in my mind was that it was something related to her only,I don't know why this happened but it had but I was not sure about it".
"And in order to make it sure you asked her this, because the presence of anyone else there and giving the letter to her only will clarify the things,I like it, this is the only sign of being a good detective"Farhan said.
"I did not understand that how he knew it and also he had called her precious".
"This can be answered by him only,  no one else can answer it rather than him "I said and closed the matter for that time.The days went on slowly with some jokes and punishment's given to Goku by several teachers,he remained almost out of the class, as soon as the teachers enter, the first thing which they say was this only"Gopal Krishna upadhyay,out of the class"and Goku with his smiling face, without any shame moved out ,the situation was at such extent that he already used to be  out of the class before the teacher came but when sometimes he remained in class and questions were put up by teachers his answers were completely different.It is the incident before our vacation of five days were going to start,we were in class of Mr Albert Einstein ,it was the name of our"mutual understanding"teacher Mr Howard Whittaker,it was his face only that brought him this name ,he asked us"What you would do when there are frequent robberies in a small village at night,the condition is, the village is having twenty to thirty houses quite apart from each other and you know that it is someone from the village only,Mr Gilani you start first",Gilani was the most intelligent of all of us, full of proud.
"Sir we will go in a point wise manner which may take some time,firstly we will see the time of thieves when did the most attacks take  place,our next step would be to spread some information about the valuable objects that anyone of the village person can have and the thief will surely come to steal it because according to the concept of Mr Watson the intention of the thief to get more always increases and when he will come we will catch him"he said this answer in such a great speed that only the part which was saying that "And thus we will catch the thief" came to my mind .
"Very good you all should learn from him ,see what a model of behaviour he is, I am proud of you my son keep it up "he said.
"Thanku sir"Gilani replied and took the seat.
"Now Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay"he said it in a very different way as if want to show how long the name is.
"Yes sir?",Goku stood still.
"What yes sir fool,give the answer"Mr Whittaker was in anger now,Gilani was laughing at him, we were thinking that he would not speak anything but once again he proved us wrong.
"Sir we should put an eye on the people sleeping in the day time because as the condition says there are only twenty houses and the criminal is from the village so it would be an easy task"we all were looking at him, a smile came on our face and Farhan accompanied by me started clapping.
Only we both were  not there Priyanshi also joined us,the signs of Mr Whitakers face were now changed ,his brows were tightened and nose went up, his cartoon face was now looking more of that type.
"Stop, stop it you rubbish boy ,will you give such a reason and Priyanshi though I know that these two idiots will also join him but not you,"Whittaker was now bursting on Priyanshi.
"Sir but he has given a very good answer so we should appreciate it",she said looking down.
"No it is completely rubbish and you Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay will be standing for whole day in front of my office,".
“Why sir?"Goku was completely astonished with it.
"Don't you dare to ask the reason and more better you should go there now and you two fools ,very eager to show friendship na,join him ,let me take you to our new principal ,he will only decide what to do with such a faecal".
Whittaker was now coming on his originality of language so instead of making it a huge matter we decided to move out.
"Sit down Priyanshi ,completely unacceptable".
We looked at Priyanshi, there were tears in her eyes,Goku was having a smile now also ,when we stood there in front of old gates of Mr Whittaker's office everyone was seeing us, we both were quite ashamed,and were looking towards the floor,when my eyes went up Goku was seeing in some other class which was just beside the office.
"What are you doing?."
"Nothing, see how beautiful drawings that brother standing there is making"he said without looking at me.
I also helped myself towards the room ,a boy of our year only was there doing something with chalks on the black board, he was among those who were not at all good at studies like us which was written clearly on his face.
"Oh! what a wonderful art, what are you doing here go at some art school."
This came to my mouth unwillingly seeing his wonderful talent,he looked at us and again busied himself in the work
"How self conscious he is"I said and again stood at that place,but my friend went inside to have a talk with that artist.
"You draw such nice drawings".
"Thanku,I am good at this since my childhood spend most of the time on it".
"Our class is going on ,you should be there are you bugging the class?".
"Yes I am ,I don't like this thing but in our family all are from such occupation only and so..”
"So your father would have said you to come in it"Goku joined at behind.
"No he didn't but you know they had done a lot for me and now I could not make them sad at the eleventh hour,so I myself
Decided to took it.”he said.
"And you know there is nothing in painting but only starvation if your paintings do not get sold "he added. This was his pain which was coming out through his throat in front of a partially known person.
"Yeh, there is nothing in painting for others but for you there is your soul resting there ,go on with your work and if you think so much for your parents so just think,how sad they will be when they will see you unsatisfied with your work ,"Goku said and came out and that fellow kept looking at him.
"My legs are paining"Farhan said bending on her knees.
"Then we should sit "Goku said.
"Where?"
“In the garden it self".
"And if that angry  man came here to take us to the principal, then what,already we are on the border line to be out and if his anger will be now down then he may leave us."
“He is not going to come ,there are three regular periods of him"Goku said.
 "How you know it?".
"Mr Yaseen is in charge of periods, it was written on one paper which I saw at his table".
"Ok then we should go” Farhan said.
"No,we will not, this time I will not come in your sayings, hear you both we are going to Mr Whittaker and saying him sorry to get rid of this"I suggested.
"We had not done anything so why we will say sorry instead he should say us sorry"Farhan said in a very bold way.
"No matter what we  should do but now please move from here because Mr Yaseen is coming"I said seeing him on the next side.
"Oh shit our impression is good only in front of a single teacher and that will also perish now"Farhan said trying to escape him self from him but it was too late, he saw us and was coming towards us only.
"What happened, done some another mischief today"he said.
"No sir it was just a revenge of that Einstein"I said to myself.”
 I told him the whole matter and he heard it calmly.
"That's not good come with me"he said and moved towards the next corridor.
We followed him and reached the classroom where Mr Whittaker was standing,Gilani was now also giving some answer in his regular way.
"Excuse me sir may I come in?"Yaseen sir said knocking the door though it was open.
"Sure sir"Whittaker replied and we entered the room. 
He was not at all happy to see us in front of him but there was nothing in his hand which he can do.
"Sir I am saying sorry from their side they are very mischievous but we have to take special care of these students,I request you to make them sit, I am sure they will not repeat the things ,they had got the treatment from me and I hope they will think hundred times now before doing anything wrong,will you?"he looked at us and smiled.
"Yes sir"we replied in a single tone.
 "That's good, now go and have your seat"he said and within a duration of few seconds we were there. 
"Thanku sir"Mr Yaseen replied and then went away with a smile on his face.
Whittaker kept on looking at us ,Yaseen sir didn't at least wait for his answer and ordered us to sit but his anger didn't come out this time and we enjoyed the rest classes. 



The days went on slowly and we busied ourselves  in the study,Goku remained as usual enjoying himself as if it's the world made for him.When I was alone after some days during the holidays of four days of some reason I preferred to spend my time in painting, I was from my childhood interested in making things from my imagination, it was the best work which I can do.My father was not at all interested in my works from childhood,he just considered it as wastage of time, nearly after half hour ,I completed my painting which  shows my friends, if any one would have asked me that why I draw this, then my answer would have been because at that time I was thinking about my friends .It is really very interesting fact that an artist draw that only which is in his mind at the moment, the painting was looking really very nice, I hung it on the wall which was looking empty and now again I was alone with my thoughts ,now you should be thinking that why I didn't go to my home,so may I clear it out,I was afraid in facing my father,I can get through any problem but not my angry father ,I was afraid that if he didn't talk with me or his mind changed and he decided to put me in family business, though I wanted to go but my mind was saying no.
Some times I began to think of that boy whom we met in front of Mr Whittaker office,it was really a wonderful experience to saw him painting on the board,I was not so good but it was the only thing which could be called as hobby ,he was here because of his parents and I was also there because of them only, but there was a difference, a little one, but that which matter a lot,so at the last I decided to visit my brother,the one which I liked the most,my father would have surely told me no if I would have asked him for this but now I was having some characteristics of Goku also,so I decided to do the things which were quite opposite to the stream,I decided not to tell him anything and I went to the city of laputa in the first bus of the day,I was having a little knowledge about my destination,I was only knowing that it is somewhere near the great pole ,and so I reached there after hiring a taxi,it was really good, the city was having many things which I had not seen yet,but I decided to see it with my brother and his wife only,so I went on the road which was the nearest to that pole ,on the way many posters were hung on the walls about the criminals ,missing persons, but my eyes got fixed at one,it was that person only whose painting was hung in the auditorium,the one who was alive also and was not caught, the posters were quite old so the name was not clearly visible but it was something R..B..N Steel,"Robin steel"I said in a little loud voice,the persons standing behind me talking, were now quiet and were staring at me,an old man came towards me ,I didn't like it but remained quiet.
"Please don't use this name, it's bad",he said.
"Oh sorry,I would take care"I replied and the old man turned behind to go,but before he could move forward I shouted.
"Gentleman do you know Mr Abhinn Sharma he lives near by only,"I don't know why I said this but I did, he said,"it would have been called foolishness if you would have asked it from any one else but you are fortunate, I live beside him only but you know, there are many Sharmas here so I hope you're talking about the one from Lobsburgh he also looks like you ".
"Yes from Lobsburgh only would you please tell me the address"I requested him.
"No need of that we will go together, I am also going to my home only",he said.
"That's great then we should move?"I said and accompanied the old man.
"So you are his brother quite lucky ,he is a jolly nature man".
"Yes he is"I replied, I was happy that he didn't know about their history but I was wrong, unlike today the person were not self centred,he was knowing about them, everything.
"Their love is not accepted by your father and so they live here",I didn't reply because I was not knowing what to say.
"So what about you young man ,studying now?".
I was happy that he  changed the topic ,so I happily replied"yes".
"So are you busy in engineering or some literature".
"No sir .I am in detection,"as I said this ,his expressions were suddenly changed.
"Detection, where?".
"Arthur Conan Doyle school of detection"now there was a smile on his face.
"Mr Ashlesh is a good one, he looks after the children quite well,you know he is a very good friend of mine we used to study together".
I was quite amazed that the man knew our old man,but the next thing that came in my mind was that is he also a detective?.
"Yes, but he has left the post now".
The man exclaimed for once and then said.
"If he had done it, then there would be some reason and we should respect that.
"Sir are you also a detective?"I asked".
The man remained quiet for a while and then said"yes I used to be but not as good as he was, see your destination came"he said stopping in front of a small but beautiful house.
"Now go in, he would be very happy to see you, today is Sunday so you will find him here only"the old man said and moved forward, I also, with stone legs knocked the gate"coming" came a beautiful voice from inside,and a lady of my height opened the gate.
"Yes? may I help you in any way"she was not knowing me because we had not met till now. I was knowing that my brother's choice would be good and I was right also.
"Can I meet Mr abhinn,".
"Oh sure,come in please, Abhi would you please join this gentleman,".
"Coming."
Came a friendly voice ,in another 1 minute my brother was in front of me.
"Raj,"he exclaimed, he was not able to express his happiness.
“Brother, I missed you a lot".
"I too"and like films we hugged each other,there were tears in our eyes and the beautiful lady in front of us was looking at this emotional scene of our life,we then sat on the sofa and the talks went on.
"So how are you here, suddenly?".
"Just came the thought of meeting you and I came".
"You.."he stopped and gave a look to his wife"you had told about your decision to  father".
"No I had not,don't worry according to him I am in college only,"I was not knowing what his reaction will be, but it was positive only.
"Going good with your studies?"
"Yes, trying my best"I said.
"Don't you will introduce us"the lady said.
"Oh sorry, so Raju she is Archna my wife and your sister a sort of, and Archna he is Rajendra my younger brother"we said hy ,hello to each other and talked a little bit,they were quite happy there,just missing us ,but then also there remained a smile on their faces.
"So we should have dinner outside today"Abhinn said.
"No way he has come for the first time to our place, I will make food today and that will be great "she said and busied herself in the kitchen.
"Bhaiyya,there lives an old man here, he was also in detection ,do you know him?".
"Are you talking about Mr bill,he is a nice man, we often meet each other,but what a pain he has got at this time of life".
"Why, what happened?".
"His only son was killed by a criminal,Mr Bill was behind him and the victim became his son,I simply don't understand why people do such type of things ,it's irritable you know’.
Brother said,I was now getting an idea who that man could be,Robin steel,we had a very good dinner that day ,my so called sister, was a very good cook.
"I am sure that you are going to take tomorrow off,from your office?,"Archna said to bhaiyya.
"Yeh, it would be difficult but I am sure boss is going to provide me a good deal,I am having a good history you know".
"No need to miss it,you should go to office,"I said but just for a formality ,because from inside, I was also willing to stop him.
"No I am here only the work can be done tomorrow also but not my brother will be there at that time,and so we will enjoy the whole day,there are many market's here ,I am sure you would like them,"he said.
After taking our lunch next day, we moved out, the place was really a worth visiting ,I bought some shirts for me and for my two foolish friends,and we took our dinner also there ,it was only after eleven when we came home tired,the next morning was my bus and without wasting my time, I took my bed,my window which was opening on the road was making me see the old man sitting below the street light,whom I met the day before yesterday,but as my eyes were becoming quite heavy, so I preferred to give them rest ,they were opened only when the alarm clock make me wake up at seven sharp,I got ready soon and moved down for breakfast.
"Good morning"Archna said to me
"Good morning"I gave a decent reply,Abhinn and I left the place together ,he drove me to the bus,I was having some delicious things packed by Archna which served as the lunch.
At four a.m. I reached Pittsburgh,I was quite excited to tell my friends about the experience ,I was expecting that they would have reached the college before me,and it made me quite happy to see the room opened, but inside was only Farhan.
"Where were you,if I am not wrong then you were going to stay here only?".
"Yeh,my mood changed and I had gone to Laputa,"
"For what?".
"To meet my brother and his wife".
"Oh ho so you went to your brother's place,I hope you had not told to your father about it",Farhan was quite happy with me,
"No I had not,will you tell the police before doing stealing,"I said and gave a loud laugh.
"That's a good example bro,"he said.
"We really enjoyed a lot there, my brother’s wife is a good one,she welcomed me nicely".
"Yeh that happens,but now the point of business, have you brought something for us also or enjoyed your self only"
“Oh I am sorry, I forgot,".
"As expected."
"So what about Goku is he now also ,not here".
"He will come on Wednesday","two days after the starting of classes,","yes,don't you know him?"Farhan said taking his scent out.
"I am afraid about his results what he will be writing in the exam's".
"Forget about all,tell me about your brother, is he happy?",Farhan asked with a brimming smile.
“Yes they are happy but I think only from outside,from inside they have a pain, a kind of loneliness which they are hiding within themselves.".
"It happens,all will be fine after few days".
"What about your parents,are they living peacefully".
“Yeh I don't know but they were talking with each other,and my sister was also happy, though she missed me in the beginning but now she has managed,have you brought the book of criminal Psychology,we will be taught this subject now.”Farhan said looking at me in suspicion.
"I was having it since the starting of the session,but bet Goku will not be having,"I said moving my hand forward for him to bet.
"I was aware of it already and so I bought two, one for him also."
"That's good".
Goku came on Thursday instead of Wednesday,till now I had not showed them their gift's,Goku met us charmingly. 
                                          CH-11
                               THE SELECTION  
Then our another and the most important phase of life started which was going to have the most major effect on our lives,the time of adventure and fear, including the past things like punishment.
On Friday we were having the first class of Phychology in which we reached on time,it was after the period of Yaseen sir who usually teaches five or ten minutes more after the bell .
“Will we have the book here in the library of this subject, I don't want the teacher to punish me on the first day for books."
"Ha ha we were knowing that you will not be having this so Farhan had already bought it for you,"I said.
 "Oh thanks,".
We got on our seats waiting for the teacher to come.
"She is a new one. I heard the students talking about it outside and if the report is right then  she is quite beautiful,"Farhan said looking at the door.
"What we had to do with that,we had come here to study so we should not divert our minds to such things".
"The real enjoyment to study comes when the teacher is smart and pretty, what the interest will come when a buffalo like one will teach us,"Farhan said  making Goku to laugh but when the teacher came my eyes were also fixed on her ,all the boys sat close to each other,the girls were making faces as if they did not like her.
"Good morning guys"she said putting her purse down.
"Good morning mam"it was the first time since the last month when we had given the reply of good morning of a teacher.
"What a beauty”,"soooo good"like sound’s were coming from behind, Goku was not looking at her like us, his eyes were on the Priyanshi only,and Priyanshi’s on him.
"So I am your new teacher of criminal Psychology ,this is our first class so the intro is necessary so tell me about yourself, one by one, yes you curly hair"she pointed at the boy sitting beside me, I was quite angry"don't she find anyone else"I said to myself.
The guy stood up with a smile.
"My name is Harry,Harry Ahuja".
"Then you should go to Hogwarts what the stuff are you doing here "Farhan said making a face.
"That's good,next one now",it was I.
 "Mam this is Rajendra Kumar Sharma".
One by one we all introduced ourselves,and the bell rang, the first day was quite calm ,there was not much work for us .
"I am sure that I will be selected for that,and  then I will be huge very huge"a boy was saying this to his friend.
"What the hell he is talking about"I said to Farhan.
"Who cares go on".
On our way to room we saw the clusters of students around the boards talking about something ,some with a smile and others with a state of confusion.
"What is happening here?".
"Let me check it out"Goku said and escaped into the cluster.
"I am sure it is about something bad,seeing these men in this state is quite pressure exerting, you know".
"Yes it is hey see there our encyclopedia"Farhan exclaimed and I quickly looked backward, it was Priyanshi.
 "Hey Priyanshi what's happening here, is anything important?".
"Important?It is about our future,I hope you remember that some of us will be going for a practical on detection,Mr Ashlesh has informed enough about it on the first day I hope you remember?"
We gave pressure on our minds and tried to think out.
"Oh yes the trip, if I am not wrong"I said.
"Yes it is and this crowd is seeing the criteria for the selection ,only twelve of us will be chosen on the basis of our past performance, based on class theme",as she said it our smile went away.
We were having such a good class history that if the index is carried out then we will be placed at the last in the list.
"That's not for us then,"Farhan said with a sad smile, during this time Goku came out.
"It's about the trip to Yorkshire"he said.
"Not proper Yorkshire, it's a village twenty kilometres apart"Priyanshi corrected him.
"Who cares, we know that we are not going to be selected"I said.
"Why so, the criteria is quite easy, presence of mind,braveness and teachers consultation"he said.
"That's the only problem that Reema and Einstein will not be allowing us to go in any circumstances don't you know they are always behind us, seeking for our mistakes"Farhan said, his anger was now on the top floor.
"Reema is having problem from me not from you and remains Whittaker, so what alone he could be doing of you and we are having a good record also."
"Good record ,are you mad that's only good to say when you believe that punishment in the graveyard for two nights is a sign of progress"I said.
"What, you were given the punishment of graveyard"Priyanshi exclaimed.
"Who gave you that punishment?".
"Mr Ashlesh only and who else can?”
"Yeh it's unbelievable ,that graveyard. It's not visited by the relative of the buried also"she said.
 “And why so?"Goku said.
"It's said that the place is not safe, there was buried a man whose ghost still remains there so no one normally visits the place".
"But the things were all fine there we didn't feel any thing different and rather Goku slept on the tree branches, everything was fine"Farhan said.
But my mind was wondering else where ,it stroke in my brain whether it's something related to the strange grave on which some filmy name was written and the wrong date.
"What was that person's name, something related to the KING?"
"I don't remember actually but he was a renowned personality of the town, people respected him a lot"she said.
"Forget about it ,what we have to do with that, if everything was fine with us"Goku said.
"We have to do with that Goku, sir's sending you to  the grave house in spite of knowing about the strange things that happen there,Yaseen sir's teaching of those guns' it has a meaning that we are not able to understand,and sir's last words to you was those only that “we are going to meet again".
I was in a real worry at that time"I don't know what the things are you talking about but just remember one thing,the best will come to you when you will give the best of yourself,let the horses of life get free and believe in that almighty the things will go on in the way you would have not thought of".
Priyanshi was becoming quite impractical now.
"Oh really?"Farhan said in such a low voice that the sound was audible to me only.
"These are not my words my father used to tell me this, when I used to be in a state of confusion, I hope it will help you also as it helped me,have a good day"she said to Goku only and ignored both of us.
"So what to do now?"I asked.
"Move to room or what ,I am quite hungry, we will make some Maggi,I had recently bought the one from my town it is famous for that".He said and we moved forward, though we didn't understand what he was saying, but it was sounding good that we were going to have Maggie.
"I am sure that bookworm Gilani will be selected, he is having a very good impression in front of teacher's,"Farhan said.
The whole way we were discussing about this only that who will be selected,some times the name of Priyanshi also came.
"She will surely be selected ,I am sure have a bet of fifty dollars"Goku said with a smile on his face.
"Yes she would be but what about us, my father would have been quite satisfied from me, if I would be getting that chance,but...."I stopped here only .
"Why you kept on worrying all the time, don't you hear her, let the horses of your life be free and have faith in that almighty"Goku said with a smile.
"You know I don't believe in God then why you are telling me such stupid things,keep them to you only or your that stupid lover"I was quite angry at that time, not on Goku but on myself and my failure, my incapability.
"What happened to him, why he is acting so raw?"Farhan said.
"Left him alone for some time and he will be well again"Goku was now also thinking positive.
" I think he is in a state of depression,it is normal"I heard Farhan saying this and then make my self alone in the garden.
It was one of the most bad moments of my life,my failure was getting heavy on me,it was after ten only when I realized that I had kept myself alone for a quite long time,and now there was no one in the garden,at that time one thing happened which make me think, forced me to give an exercise to my mind who was loosing it's capability to think rightly,a boy with a shabby appearance came to me, there was a sincerity and maturity in his eyes which was far beyond his age.
"Are you having something to eat, my sister had not eaten anything since yesterday,"he said.
 I forced myself to look behind him ,there I saw an eight years old girl,looking at me with a hope and tears in her eyes, I was not having anything to give them at that time,but that tears in those quiet eyes were forcing me to help them.
"Come with me" I hold the finger of both of them and took them to the stall of ice cream, the owner of which was getting ready to close it.
"Two strawberries cone please"I said to him and he get it to me with a brimming smile.
"Take it"I said giving it to them.
The happiness which was coming from inside myself was really boosting, those two persons were having the ice cream with such a great joy as its the  best thing which they had ever eaten in their life,I moved my hands in my pocket to give the stall keeper his payment but didn't found anything.
"Oh shit "I said.
"What happened sir,is everything fine?"he asked to me.
"Oh, yes every thing is fine"I tried to bring a smile on my face.
"I think you had forgotten your purse, no matter sir, give it tomorrow,"he said.
 Hearing his words many questions came in my mind and they didn't take much time to come to the mouth, in the time of that depression, I was not aware what informal thing I was going to ask but I asked it.
"Why are you believing on me, what the guarantee is ,if I would not return back ,you should not allow a person to go without making payment ,he may betray you and that's against the law of business also"I said.
"I don't know any law sir ,I would not have allowed anyone else to go like this but you can".
"Why?"
"Sir a person who has brought two hungry children for a ice cream can't be too bad,I can believe him with closed eyes also"he said and started moving away in the dark.
“good night sir"he said looking behind.
"Good night"I also replied,it was a new lesson for me, that success is not always the destination, it's the path that matters,the two kids standing beside me had now finished with their ice cream,there was it's remaining's all around their mouth and they were looking at me with a smile.
"Thanku"the boy said passing his hand through his mouth to clear the ice cream.
"Your welcome,so where you will sleep now, are you having parents here somewhere?".
There was not any answer given from the other side, so I made it the conclusion that they are alone in this world,but my prejudices were all threatened by a voice that came from behind.
"Nick what are you doing here at this stage of night,I was searching you in the whole campus".
It was that Japanese fellow only,for once I would have taken it as a symbol of parents love but now I was sure that this couldn't be the thing because the photograph which we had seen before was not depicting these figures.
"Are they your children?"I asked though I was knowing the answer.
"Er, it's too late young boy ,if you don't want to put yourself in trouble then please reach your room soon".
Instead of giving me the answer he was advising me to reach my place,and was pretending as if he has not heard what I was asking.
"Sir bought us two ice cream ,"it was that girl,her voice was really quite pleasant.
"If this is the thing then I would like to say you thanku it's the least I can do"the man said.
"It's the best I wanted".
I replied with a brimming smile and gave a hug to the brother and siste.
"Bye",the sweet sound said.
"Bye"I replied and turned to visit my room.
I was really happy ,now the cold breeze was quite pleasant,there were lights coming out from two rooms one was from ours and the other was from the next one which was Gilanis room,I was quite surprised to see that Goku has not slept yet.
"I thought you would have slept?"I asked,
"No, Farhan and I were giving a look to the books,they are quite new till now",Goku replied.
 I was not in a mood to say sorry or anything else to them,because it is the universal truth that the dictionary of Napoleon don't carries the word impossible and the dictionary of friendship,the word sorry.
"Are you feeling well now?"Farhan asked.
"Yes, feeling better,"I replied.
"Mr Yaseen was asking for the practice, we should not leave it,"Goku said.
"Yeh,we will be doing it from tomorrow I am quite tired today"I said and caught the bad .
Though my eyes were still not having sleep to any extent but I was also not in a mood to talk much.
"By the way thanku"Farhan said after five minutes when I lay on the bed, they were knowing that I was still in my senses.
"For what?"I was quite surprised that his words.
"For the gifts".
"And which gifts?".
"Those only which you bought for us from Laputa,they are very nice",I was completely shocked with it, I didn't talk with them about that but then also they were knowing about it.
"So,you found them, if I am not wrong then I had not kept any tag on them which was telling that they belong to you"I said.
"Yes you didn't but don't forget that you're living with detectives so there remains no question of hiding anything bro.."Farhan said.
"We were just seeking through your bags and these shirts were of our size not for you and so we estimated and came at the conclusion"Goku added.
"You both”.
I began running behind them shouting in joy, I was throwing pillows on them and they were escaping from that and at that time, someone knocked the door, we stood quiet there.
"See who is that?"I said to Farhan and he went there to open it, I crossed my fingers.
"All is well,All is well".
This was the dialogue of an Indian film .
"Who is this?"Farhan said opening the gate.
"You foolish boys,don't you understand that I am busy in studies, your shout is disturbing me and I am not able to concentrate in my studies,if my grades get disturbed then the reason for that will be you only and now if you don't want me to complain to the high command then please keep quiet.".It was Gilani.
"Sorry"Farhan replied.
That Gilani had spoken too much in just one go that we were nearly not having anything to speak.
"You should" he said and went away.
Farhan closed the gate slowly and then there was a loud burst of laugh.
"He is completely mad, I was considering him to be the half,"Goku said.
"He is studying now also, I simply don't understand how do they do it".
"Yeh I am sure that his mind is going to be out of his control till the end of this session, don't you think this"Farhan was making a joke of the boy.
"But he is studying hard,and that will only take him to the pinnacle one day,"I said.
"But he is not studying because he doesn’t like it ,it's just for the career and future"Goku said putting the pillows aside.
"So what, we all study for the same thing,for better package and a good wife"Farhan was now also not coming out with his mentality.
"One can't be forced to read,if one reads for knowledge it's a different thing but for future’s sake is a bad option and if at last you want to make your future only safe than this world is full of such occupation's where just is the need of devotion,a person can make it's future safe in that condition also when he is perfect in making locks or cutting hair,"Goku was now becoming practical .
"So Mr Goku. the finest quality of career experts in the world, please stop your lecture now, because its becoming quite difficult for me to bear it and now there is a need of good sleep,tomorrow we will wake up early for the practice of that gun shooting o.k."Farhan said.
"Ok but if we kept asleep,then what?"I said making a situation.
"No I will make you wake up,now a days I am not getting a good sleep actually so,my eyes are coming at their work early"Farhan was having a sort of self confidence.
"Ok "Goku said,and without giving our body much pain we accompanied the pillows.
I was tired because the day was quite different from usual, so my eyes were closed within a few seconds,the next day as expected I was the only one to wake up first though it was only one hour before the class ,but then also I was the first,the person who was taking responsibility to wake up us, was now also in  sweet dreams holding the pillows tightly ,and the other one as usual, completely away from any responsibility I wake both of them.
"You should have woken up us before only"Farhan said rubbing his eyes.
"I woke up you on time though it was your responsibility and then also you are advising me"I said in a angry manner.
"Stop this stupid talk and get ready, we will have to reach the class on time otherwise Mr Yaseen will not be thinking of leaving us "Goku said.
We considered the point gravely for a moment and then busied ourselves in the work,after finishing  the classes when we were on our way to restaurant there was another cluster of people.
"Now what today,I hope it is something related to the previous thing".
"See that Gilani, how happy he is"I said, the things were showing the signs of my fear. 
"I hope it is the list,the list of students who are selected,"Goku said looking at me,my heart was beating very fastly ,the students were coming away from the crowd with the sad faces which make me more depressed.
"I should have a look  it"Farhan said and moved towards the board.
"Everything will be good for us"Goku said putting his hands on my shoulders.
"Yes I hope so, I think we should also move through it,we will also see who are selected"I said and moved into the crowd.
It was a little bit difficult to make the way because  the students who didn't find their name were expressing their anger by making mismanagement,there were twelve names as it was prescribed earlier.
"Priyansh agal ,Sam Houston ,Vandana Gill,...Priyanshi,"as I go through the name there was a feeling of happiness in me,I kept on reading it,"Harry,that Gilani’ and then my hands stopped,not because of seeing our names there but because of the place which was remained empty and some dashes were kept there,
" Shrey” and in the way I completely read the whole list,the winds of sadness were passing through my mind, for a while I even didn't know that I was standing in between so many people,I was alone. 
"Come out"Goku was pulling me from behind,and I separated myself from the crowd,there was the same feeling in Farhan also,his face was also quite sad.
"There would be some another chance in the future".
"No there would not be"I said.
"What rubbish they had done,that foolish Harry has been selected, he even don't know how to behave within the people and...it's completely stupid, I will complain about it to the administration"Farhans anger was now coming out like a bursting volcano.
 We had good food that day but our tongue was not ready to have a taste of it,Priyanshi was looking at us, I was sure that she would come to us and will give some another lecture but she didn't even after we were moving out,that day we studied a lot,there was a different feeling within us which remained for the whole day,but it was only for some time, the next day we were expecting to have the same unwanted time table.
"Farhan would you please tell me that what would be the reasons according to you for our failure?"I asked so suddenly and directly without any topic that for once they kept looking at me.
"We should not think about the past much ,care for the tomorrow,that will only matter"Goku said.
He was having a book in his hand, on looking at it I got that at a single glance,it was “The major crimes of nineteen sixty,the year of falsehood ".
“I had read that book it's useless there would be nothing in the exam's from this,"I said changing my topic itself.
"I am not reading it for exams ,I thought that I would get something in it about Mr Ashlesh but I think they had forgotten to write about him,"Goku said.
"He is not such a person who can be included in the books, he would be there if he would have got success in catching that Satyendra Bose"I said.
 “He is a great detective I don't know why, but my mind is saying that there is something which we and the world doesn't know something which is only known to Mr Ashlesh and may be to Yaseen sir,"Goku said.
"I am simply not understanding that why you're thinking about him only,he is not having any connection with us ,so forget about him,"I said.
There after we didn't speak anything for some time as if we are thinking about something.
"I don't know what the thing is going all around ourselves but it will be more fruitful for us if we concentrate our minds in study, it's the only thing that will ensure our future,"Farhan was first time saying something which I considered good,then someone knocked the door again today.
"It would be Gilani only I don't think he would have got disturbed with us now, we are talking so lightly"I said and moved to open it.
There was a man standing straight whose face was hiding behind the big cape which he was wearing on his head.
"May I help you in any way?"I asked.
"Yes you can"the voice was very familiar to us ,it was Mr Yaseen who was there behind that cap .
"Sir?"
I was astonished so my voice was not usual, Farhan and Goku also joined me.
"Sir you, at this time"Goku asked.
"Yes, I didn't found any another favourable time to have a talk with my students if you are not busy with your studies as you are not usually, then we should have a walk to the bridge,"he said looking at our surprised faces.
"Sure sir"we said at once and closed the gate .
There were so many things running inside our fresh unused brains,he didn't spoke a single word until we reached out where that black Nigerian man was sharing heat of the burning woods with the Japanese fellow, I was sure that we will have to give the answer's of their question but as we reached near the gate they stood up and opened it for us.
"Thanku friends,"Mr Yaseen said looking at them with smile.
"You are welcome sir,"came the reply from the another side.
"So are you selected for the trip?"our teacher was putting salt on our injuries.
"No ,sir"Farhan replied.
"I was expecting it ,there selection criteria is not completely accurate, they just kept aside the other qualities and include only the study level,"my hands were willing to hit each other in the favour of that man who had said such a great thing,but I some how stopped them.
"Yes sir" we replied,we all were thinking that he will be aware of everything but, the way he was talking was making our assumptions completely wrong.
"That foolish Harry is also selected,"Farhan said,"no he is not selected,his father is a rich man and so the administration is at service,at just few dollars"as he said this our eyes remained opened.
"And he was pretending in front of all that he himself is capable of that,"I said making a face.
"It is because, he doesn't know the truth of behind the stage,he is taking it as his success,he didn't know that his father has buyed the teachers and that rubbish principal,it had not happened before ,Ashlesh sir was really very strict about these things, he never allowed such persons in the campus,"Mr Yaseen said with a brimming smile.
"And now the status of this college will be constantly decreasing"Goku said.
"Now coming to the point "he said so suddenly that we looked at him in a very awkward manner.
"You all three are going there "he said.
"But.....but how sir,you know that we are not selected"I said, there was a hot wind of happiness blowing in myself when I heard these words from him.
“Yes, you are not but I didn't read a single book of your course which is saying that one who is not selected can't go to that place".
"Which place?"Goku said.
"To dorta "he said.
"I had heard about that and if I am not wrong then that place is completely haunted,even the residents live there because of some mysterious reason about which they normally do not tell to anyone"I said.
"Leave that thing aside ,sir that is not a rule, if we will be catched,"Farhan exclaimed.
"Rules are made for breaking,and if you had the fear of failure then you would  never  be able to move forward, some time's we have to do the things for the mankind which are wrong,"he said.
 We were having a conflict with our mind that it is the only person who always give emphasis on following the rules.
"So how we will go sir?"Goku said.
"With the others only,"till now we were standing on the boundary of the bridge, beneath us was blowing the fast river.
"You will join them as servants,every year we took four servants with us,the principal will be accompanying us if I had heard it rightly ,you change your dress up so that no one can identify you, take care may you will be between the world class detective's who are in a habit to find mistake in the every single step you move forward,so if you want to escape from them then think in a way they did",he said."
We were getting his words,"we will do it sir but just answer my one question"Goku was quite serious when he said this.
"If I would think it worthwhile to answer than only I will,otherwise the time will tell everything."
“Why you are favouring us so much,we are  having a very bad record also so...".
"There would be some reason behind it".
"We want to know that reason only sir ,you are breaking rules for us,taught us the theory of guns ?"Goku was now not ready to leave him unanswered.
"The same time..."
"The time is now sir,"Goku stopped him in between ,Yaseen sir didn't spoke anything for a minute,the silence broke only after some time when few dogs barked seeing us at night standing there.
"Because you're the only one who can do the work for us which we wanted to complete, to catch Robin".
"Robin Steel?"I shouted. 
"Yes Robin Stell,if we are right then he is hiding there only,the town is haunted as you had said now so very few people like to go there,we believe that there is nothing like that ,these are only the work of that Steel who wanted to keep everyone apart from it."
"But sir a lot of research has been done on these mysterious phenomena's,the faces which appear there on the floor, the sound of horses neighing at the night,these all can't be his activities though that disappearance of ships from the path can be concluded in his works but sir the plane which became unknown from their, hides all the other assumptions,the pilot in his last sentence clearly stated that there is something,moving very close to him and then the signal got cut"Goku said.
"So you are having a quite good knowledge about those facts,from where did you get that?".
"From books sir,many books have been written about that town,though the government is trying to keep it away from the eyes of local people but Mr Costello has been successful in publishing his papers of research".
"Yes he is, but you know these are only some of them from the hundreds which happened there,and we are going there not to do a research but to stop them, so that people can live there peacefully without any fear,"Yaseen sir was very quite when he said it.
“That's why you said it"for the favour of the man kind"?
He only nodded his head  on Gokus words.
" But why we only sir,there would be thousands who are capable of this"Farhan said.
"Because......,the reason I can't tell you now it will be known to you soon".
I was expecting that Goku would say something this time but he didn't nor he lay emphasis on knowing the reason also.
"I hope you are satisfied now,and Mr Gopal Krishna upadhyay ,the half of the things which you had counted now are just falsely stated by the people,not a single disappearance of ship has taken place till now and for your more convenience the plane about which you are talking had nothing to relate with it because that incidence took at the place which is itself so mysterious,"the great range of Himalayas"and..".
He stopped  here for a moment to take a long breath, I was sure that he would say something more about those incidents,and I was right he did it.
"The appearance of faces and those sounds of horses all occur at a single place and this is the only reason why we are behind that,one more thing Mr Ashlesh has sacrificed his place in order to catch him only and as far as I know him, he would not have done it if he would not have been sure"he said.
 We all were not having a single word to speak.
“So he will also be coming there, right?"Farhan said.
“He is already there and that is for you people only ,so that you remain safe there."
The things were now very much clearer for us though some questions were still in the dark but this single torch of answer's was quite sufficient for us to move forward.
"Now we should go,I don't want you to get much tired,and please keep it to you only ok "he was looking at Goku who was unaware of it.
 I was knowing the reason,Priyanshi, he was sure that Goku will tell it to her but as far as we were knowing him ,like Mr Yaseen knew that old man,he was not from among those who were needed to tell that what to keep secret and what to not ,we were now passing from the shops which were closed in the night.
"Wait"
Mr Yaseen said suddenly making his hand like a traffic policemen,stopping the car's.
"What happened?"I said.
"Thieves in the cloth shop,"he said pointing at the cloth shop named"the luxurious".We looked  there, the signs were saying that everything is ok .
"Sir are you sure?"Farhan said but didn't get any answer because Yaseen was now moving towards that place.
"Sir please take care"I said,and remained there only but Goku and Farhan followed him so I also did it though I was not at all willing to go there. 
We were moving slowly there was a feeling of detectives within me as I was on a very great mission,now I was also getting that there is someone in the dark who is hitting something solid ,I was praising our teacher for having such alertness,he slowly hold the man from behind tightly.
"Caught it,"he said. 
We all three also hold the man tightly.
"leave me you ..,"
It was a woman who was saying this and not a man,we lose our hands and she stand still ,the clothes were shabby but the face was beautiful,though it was looking quite bad at that time but I am sure that she would have looked like Mrs universe if she would have been in the good dress.
"What are you doing here at the stroke of midnight?"
Yaseen sir said.No reply came
"Don't you hear me?what..".
“Finding food sir.”
We looked behind her,there was a dustbin which was lurking on the ground.
"I don't think it's a restaurant in which you will find food"Yaseen said.
“People through something everyday here, they never eat their popcorns fully,and leave some pizza also"she was right there was some contaminated stuff in that.
"Take this."
Mr Yaseen was giving her a fifty dollars note.
"It will pay for you,the next five days"he said.
"Thanku sir"she replied and took the note "so kind of you sir",she said and then moved her legs towards the light.
"What is your name?"Yaseen sir shouted and there came a smile on our faces hearing these words, Farhan was making symbols of love with his hands at his heart.
"Namita ,sir"she said.
"Nice name"came the comment from the other side.
 We were smiling now also but to our bad luck he saw us.
"I hope you are having a good reason to smile?"
We closed our mouths hiding our teeth's and making our faces so serious that we had not smiled from the time we were born,Mr Yaseen didn't said anything until we reached the college campus where our friends were waiting for us to return.
"Have a good sleep sir."
The Japanese fellow said.
"You too".These were the last words he said that day and moved towards his house.
"Should we accompany you sir towards your place"Farhan said but quickly moved his legs because Yaseen sir was looking at him with fire in his eyes.
"Sorry sir"we said,there was a smile on our faces which would have been surely seen by him ,we went from there directly to our room's.
"So the tough man also,got melted because of love,"Farhan said.
"What in the world he is doing till now without any partner it would have been very difficult to live like this isn't it?"said Goku.
"But now within a few days they will be two and then may be many more"I said.
"Leave that and have a party we are selected for the trip what another thing can be more important from that,now we will be getting good placements and higher package"Farhan was very happy .
"Yes it should be,but don't forget one thing we are not going there legally,we will not be getting any certificate for that so it means that we are as usual now also"said I though I was not at all in a mood to say this but it was true.
 Hearing these words the smile of our friend went away I myself was very sad.
"Why you are feeling depressed again the thing that we are going there matters, we will be also a part of that great expedition what else we want and also the most important thing,we will learn new things don't you feel its good?".
"But we will not be having any certificate's so our future will be in danger"Farhan said.
"But we will be having experience that is the more important thing.”
Gokus words were really having some weight though we were not able to understand them that night.
"Now have a good sleep and wait for the next fifteen days"he said.
"Why so?".
"Don't you know we will be leaving on the twenty forth?".
"Who tell you this?"I asked.
“Priyanshi only and who else do you expect of having such a great information"said Goku. 
"Only fifteen days it means that we will be having only few days to get ready for the exam's they are going to start from next month and even if you take it that we will be returning in ten days then also only five days for the practice.
"I was really now in a tension,".
We are wasting our time in going there without any certificate and then also we will not be getting any help".
"I am simply not able to understand that what has happened to you both, we will be learning such things which can't be explained by any teacher nor we will find it in any books think with an open mind ,if you will get a good placement also in the American detective agency then also what will be the conclusion of your hard work which you are doing right now"Goku was becoming quite angry with us.
"I don't know what should I do? My father will be criticizing me my whole life if I would not be successful".
"Nothing will happen like this Raj ,your parents are not your enemy that they will be criticizing you at your every step,they want to see you happy and satisfied with the work which you are doing,"Goku said.
 He did not said anything after this.
"Ok"
"What o.k.?"
“We will risk it,I don't think that we will be getting good marks if we will be passed also so why to miss this chance".
"You are having a point Raj,we are taking it as if we will be coming first and due to indulging ourselves with Mr Yaseen we will come to second"Farhan said.
"Came late came good"Goku said.
"What is that?"
Farhan said because we were not able to understand it clearly.
"Nothing, just a proverb so now start packing your bags,"he said and put his blanket on him to have a good sleep.
"What man he is ,completely different"I said looking at his face.
 "Yes he is completely mad if we would live with him for a long time then I am sure that he will make us also mad”
Farhan said with a smile and then we also gave pain to our blankets so that they may cover us.
That was a good sleep,but the morning again saw something different something which would have not happened even when the sun has got risen from the west instead of east and the thing was goku wake up early then us,when we wake up at seven he was not there on his bed, I wake up Farhan and the same expressions come on his face also as he saw Gokus bed empty.
"Where he is?".
"I don't know."
I replied but we need not to search more because the door opened at that time only and came our friend inside.
"So wake up now you two,so lazy you should be waking up early,"he said with a smile.
"Where were you?"we asked at the same time.
"We hope that Priyanshi would not have asked you to accompany her on the morning walk"I said.
"Stop that stupid".
"Then please kindly tell about the reason for you doing this"Farhan said.
"You are talking as if I had murdered someone".
"Don't make talks and came to the point."
“Ok I was practising".
"Practising for what?"
“For those guns' only,you know how weak I am at it".
We were quite amazed with it, if someone else would have said me that Goku wake up early in order to practice then I would have surely not believed him.
"I hope you are not telling lie "I said.
He looked at me and smiled.
"No I am not and why I would be?"
The thing was right why he would be lieing from us"ok then its good, you should practice for that it's the least which is in our hands"isaid.
                                       CH-12 
                               THE SPEECH
We then got ready for our classes, there was a hidden energy inside me because it was the period of our most loved teacher Mrs  Singh.
"Today I am going to rock the class"Farhan said.
“How?"
"Don't you saw me learning this subject day before yesterday,"Farhan said with a brimming smile, I was feeling a little bit jealousy from him.
"So what? I also know a little bit about that topic which she is going to teach today"I said but at that time an unwanted person joined us .Harry accompanied by his dearest friend Gilani, they smiled a little on hearing this,the talks which were going between us.
"So you two dumps are now trying to impress someone, do whatever you like because she is already married"Harry said.
"Our mouths remained opened when we heard this".
"Who told you?"I asked.
"We saw her there at the restaurant ,the only good thing in this town,leave that,so what we had heard is true? ".
We looked at him and then at each other,is he knowing about our secret plan .
"I don't know what are you talking about",Farhan said.
"Don't try to think that you can fool every person in this college some are more intelligent than you".
That fat Gilani said.
 "We really don't know about which thing you are talking about"Farhan said.
"This only about the fact that you are going to give a speech before the departure of the group to the trip".
"Yes and it should be good because your speech is only going to boost us all with confidence"Gilani said.
 We were really not knowing that we ourselves were going to deliver the fair well speech.
"Are you really going to give it you should have told me about it"Goku also joined us now,he was left behind in closing the door and locking it.
"You also don't know that your friends are going to deliver it,both of them".
"I don't think that in the history of any stage conference a speech is delivered by the two instead of one,"Farhan said.
"How we will be knowing that how in what way you will do it but this is sure that you are going to do it"Harry said with a brimmimng smile.
"Who told you about this false news?" .
"Our stage in charge Mr Whittaker only".
"He is stage incharge? but it is in the hands of Mr Yaseen if I am right"Goku said.
"He was,but the new director sir has appointed a new one and he is Mr Whittaker, your expressions are telling that you really don't know that you are going to do it,but if you need any help than you can contact us because the library is not going to open till the day we will be arriving".
"Why is Mr crouch not here?"I exclaimed.
"No he is ill suffering from some disease,now bye bye,"they said and took their way hitting my shoulders.
"You will be getting the news from Mr Whittaker soon,"Harry was saying.
"He is taking revenge from us, he knew that we will not be able to do this,"I said.
"May be he is taking revenge but why you can't do it it's very easy"Goku said.
"It is easy to say this when you are not going to go on the stage,"Farhan said.
"And the library is also closed so from where we will be getting the information about the matter".
 "All will be ok ,now we should reach our classes because the teacher will be arriving soon"said goku and we all took the way.
The period was not so energetic as it was before but then also Farhan and I raised our hands on nearly every question because the impression on the teacher was necessary,next was the Whittaker one and we were not at all willing to go there.
"I am not feeling well so I should go to the Room and have a rest"I said.
"Don't try to leave me alone here to hear the news and if he said me alone to give the speech then what?".
I was willing to say that"then it will be very good” but I didn't said it,I thought that he will not like this.
"Everything will be all right” Goku was saying this in a way he would have done it easily if he would have been at our place,but at last we enter our horror house.
“The house of Whittaker",after we took our seat's the first thing which he said after entering the class was this only.
"So this time the chance to deliver the farewell speech will be given to the most energetic, enthusiastic and fresh minds Mr Rajendra Sharma and Mr Farhan Shatrughan, clap for them all of you clap for them".
We were knowing that he was saying all these things as a sort of comment but,it was the least we can do that we stood up when our names were announced
"They both will present it, earlier the management used those old ways only to present anything on the stage but this time it will be new and different, the two will be going in place of one on the stage."
We were understanding what he was aiming to say,he was pointing at Mr Yaseen without speaking his name.
 "I hope you will do it easily, best of luck for that and now we will proceed with the remaining part of our chapter it's very important for you to understand and specially for them who are going to the trip.
"We would not have gave ears' to what he was saying before,but now we were the only one who were listening him with  the most concentration.
"When you know that the thief or the criminal you can say ,is more intelligent than you and he is well aware about your plans to catch him then make it sure that you will not be getting a bit of that one from the theories which you had learned so far, you will have to evolve the one from your own,you will have to think by placing yourself in that place because the more you will think the more you will understand about him in deep".
He was reading these words from the book which was opened on the table in front of him,but the thing were quite interesting.
"I was not knowing that this rubbish fellow is also like this,he is though reading from the book but the things are quite right"it was of the Gokus type point.
“Don't rely on your books all the time have your own ideas”he was in a habit to say these things.
"But you know I don't believe much in these theories they are not more than any thing useless,but I said them important because they are generally asked in the exam's"he added at the last,I looked at Goku,he was also looking at me with a smile.
"A donkey always remains a donkey"he said in a low voice and we laughed a little though we were not at all willing to do that but it became difficult to control.
"You stand up, you Gopal Krishna upadhyay"Einstein had seen Goku laughing beneath the table but don't me or may be he would have seen, but because he had said enough of me in the beginning so he would have decided to leave me.
"What are you doing there?".
"Nothing sir,just picking up my pen ,pen sir"Goku replied.
"What you have think of me I am a donkey?"Whittaker said and Again he laughed.
"No no sir"he said this with a smile.
"Shame less you idiot boy"Einstein was very angry with him the whole class was aware that once he lost his patience then the result was always the punishment, without saying a single word Goku moved out the class because he was sure that he will be said for doing this only.
"Sorry sir".
He said while moving out with the same smile.
"Move out and don't show me your face in the next class also."
The class went on with Goku standing outside.
"How idiot he is,, laughing as if I am telling a joke here.” He said at last.
That day he gave a lot of home work,"why you do like this in his class you know that he don't like you".
We heard Priyanshi telling this to our stupid friend.
"What I had done he is only making me out as soon as I spoke a single word"Goku said.
"Let him go to hell, have you prepared for the trip?"Goku asked her.
" No not till now but I will be completely prepared soon."
"Yeh it would be a very nice experience and you will be enjoying yourself a lot there but keep your self away from any trouble may the conditions would not be favourable there"Goku was pointing about the criminal for which we were going to that place Dorta
"Why so?"she asked an expected question.
"Just I am telling you,we should  always be careful should not we?"Goku cleverly handled the matter.
 "Yes we should and same follows with you,you should also be careful from doing such mischief "she said.
"Ok bye now I should visit Sunita ,she would have been waiting for me there"she said and then took her way and as soon as she moved to her way we moved to Goku like true friends.
"So Mr lecturer finished with your talks?".
"What talks,we were not talking"he answered.
"Then what you were doing? dancing here as couples"Farhan said.
"Leave that".
"No we will not and why we should, tell me one thing did she also knew that you like her?"I asked in between.
"I don't know.”
"The way you were talking is clearly telling the things ,so it's better that instead of puzzling us you should disclose the things".
"There is nothing to disclose you know because there is nothing she knows, according to her this is just our friendship"he said.
"Ok then now move to the next class Mr Yaseen came early you know na"Farhan said and he was right also Mr Yaseen was already there but the things go on o.k. until he asked for the files which he had asked to submit today.
"I hope you all had finished with your work, please submit them on my table,"he said.
 We looked at each other because none of us had done the work we were going to do that when Mr Yaseen called up yesterday,at the night.We looked at him,our faces were sad  he also gave a look to our faces.
"If someone of you had not completed it then please submit it till tomorrow"he added at the last .
We were really happy with him, we were granted a one more day to complete it.
"I  think it is because of us but he is not a person who would favour someone"Goku said and it was true also but now he was doing that,at the end of the class when we were moving to have our lunch, at that time Goku quickly catched him.
"Sir why you leave us today are you doing favour?"he said so strictly that even we were surprised with it.
"What he has to do with it,he has got a one more day and then also he is unnecessarily poking his nose."
“no I am not but just correcting my mistake"he replied.
"What mistake sir?".
"I disturbed you last night at the time when you were going to start your work so its my mistake and so I corrected it"Mr Yaseen didn't stop there for a single moment after saying this, he quickly turned to his way.
"Why your stomach is paining because he has leaved us,"Farhan complained.
"No but I was willing to know the reason,you see how he quickly made it out that we were doing what work yesterday night"Goku said and we didn't try to make him understand anything because we were aware that it will be useless.
After five days we came to our senses that we have to practice for that rubbish speech now which we were not ready to,"I don't think that it will be there in this English essay book ,"I said closing the one when we were doing Whittaker's work after dinner.
"No you will not  find  it in this because the speech should be very genuine one,you can't go there and bore someone with your speech,"Goku said.
"Then what, should we write it on our own?".
"If we can then it's very good,and it will be very easy you know,"Goku was now irritating us.
"Leave him we will try to get something from Mr Yaseen he would surely help us"Farhan said ignoring Goku.
"No we will not,what the views he will make of us,we don't know to do such a simple thing,I will not, if you want to go then you can surely can".
"How you thought that I will be doing this alone and if you have something another idea then please put it up,"Farhan said.
"Stop you both and get chilled I will get it to you",Goku said in between.
"Are you saying that you will prepare the matter for us?".
"I don't know but you will be getting it on time,","I don't know what you will do but don't even think of asking it from  Gilani ,"I said.
"No I will not"he replied.
"Ok then but you remember na,we are having ten days only?".
"Yes I remember it correctly".
The days went on very fastly, the students who were selected for the trip were getting instructions on every point, Mr Crouch was very serious about the matter when only two days were remaining in the departure of the group during that time Mr Yaseen called us to his place.
"So today the final layout of our program is going to be ready"I said to both of my friends when we were on our way to his house.
"Yes this would only be the reason,and what else could it be."
"I am sure the planning would be so good that even Mr Ashlesh would not able to catch us,"I said.
"He would be already knowing about our plan,Mr Yaseen would have told him,"Goku added.
"It was a pre fixed plan of both of them and their main players are we","there would be really a very deep reason in what they are doing,but they are not disclosing it out, I simply not understand why? "Goku said.
"Don't run your mind in thinking about that and tell us what you are doing about the task which you had taken on your head you should be giving it to us tomorrow"Farhan was talking about the matter of that speech.
"Yes I remember it specifically, I am trying my best to get it".
"From where?"We asked with a curiosity.
"That you don't care about, just collect your confidence and be clear with your voice because the audience will give an ear to your words only when you will be having a wait in whatever you are saying".
"Ok Mr lecturer thanku for enlightening us with your golden words,now if your speech is completed than please allow us to move inside."
“Wait"he suddenly said.
 "What happened now?"
"There is someone inside?"
"Yes there is Mr Yaseen from whom we had come to meet at this stroke of midnight"I said and gave a laugh.
"That I also know but with him someone else is also there"Goku was trying to hear something ,we also tried to listen it, yes there was really someone having a very heavy voice.
"I don't care about that,it's a little bit cold here so we should quickly move in side"I said and knocked down the door.
"They had come".
Came a voice from inside of Mr Yaseen and within a duration of few seconds the door opened and our teacher was standing in front of us but it took some time to examine him because he was in a good dress now, completely different from that previous one.
"come in quickly"he said and we entered inside where it was quite warm. 
A person as smart as Farhan was standing there near the table with a long over coat and spectacles of rectangle shape which were making him look more smart,though he was of nearly forty above but then also there was a colour on his face.
"Let me introduce you three with Mr Guptill,"we were expecting him to say the post of the man standing there which could be like"the head of some department"but he didn't said anything like that.
"And Mr guptill they are the only one about whom we were talking right now ,Farhan,Raju and Gopal,"we shake hands as our names were called out.
"He will be accompanying us to the trip,and under his guidance only you would be reaching Dorta,there is a little bit change in the plan,after the departure of the college bus in which all the person's of the college will be going you will leave this place with him,that will be much easier as compared to what we were planning before,the administration would not allow you to take some sort of leave from the college because…. , you are aware that your exam's are going to start very soon"we were totally confused as what to do then.
"So ,that I am leaving on you that how you will handle the situation and be careful because someone is trying every pros and cons to know about our plan's".
"Who is that?"I asked.
"You need not to know his name, whomsoever he is,he will not be able to catch us until we will do anything wrong",Yaseen sir stopped here.
Now in the light his coat was looking clearly it was of traditional Muslim type and was having big round buttons in the between.
"And the other part as how you will be between us at the Dorta without coming in the eyes of anyone else would be told to you by Mr Guptill when you will be on your way to the town,now any queries?"
He looked at us as if we will surely ask him something and there was dissatisfaction on his face when we didn't ask anything.
"Ok then,now what about your practice I hope you are doing that,because the only one thing which will help you to fight there against your opponents will be that only and specially you Gopal,you should have a very good command on it."
"Yes sir"he replied.
"Boy's if you are not in a hurry then I would like to have a talk with you, Mr Yaseen if you can leave us alone here for a moment"Mr Guptill said .
We were thinking that Mr Yaseen would not at all like this but he didn't acted so raw and said"that's good ,I should brought you a cup of tea in the time,"he said and then moved into his kitchen.
"So if I am not wrong then you're only Gopal Krishna upadhyay aren't you?"Goku was having the same smile on his face when he nodded his head in yes.
"Good,I should gave an outline to you about your task"
"Yes sir"Goku was not ready to keep his mouth shut now also.
“Yes I should and for that you will have to be quiet,so if we are going on the right path then steel knows that we are there to catch him,your director has already reached the place so,our target is well aware"Guptill stopped here for a moment he was clearly expecting that we would be completely confused about it and this was right at least in my case.
"Don't you think that if someone knows you are there to catch him so he will ran away".
"It may be sir but a deer also always know that the tiger is always behind him but then also the tiger catch him don't he?"Goku said.
 Mr guptill kept on looking at our faces as we were doing."Yes it is now please keep your mouth shut"he was really angry with it.
"He is not from among those who ran away when the fellows came to put them in the jail he is intelligent,he will be with you but you will not be knowing this,he works alone and not in  a team like others as far as we are aware and it is the same as that Satyendra Bose, he also work out on his plans alone and here keep one thing in your mind that your fight is not only with steel there are a no of things which you will be dealing with so make your mind ready with that only".
"The tea is ready Mr Guptill would you like to have some biscuits with it?".
"No thanks Mr Yaseen I would take it simply, your boy's are quite good you know, they knows the things correctly,"he said .
But why, this we were also not knowing.
It just took only four to five minutes to finish the tea because we were not including ourselves in their talks which was generally about the politics,"now I think you should go and be careful o.k.".
"Yes sir"Goku replied and we stood up to catch our way,when I was closing the door I heard Guptill saying that"I don't like that boy he is not more than a crazy guy,"I heard till this onlyand then make my way out of the room.
"I don't know why they are making the things so confusing, they should make everything clear ,which they are not doing ,sometimes they said that we are going to catch that thief and the other time, that we would have to take care of other things,already there is lot of pressure of exam's and they are adding more weight to it ,they should have gone alone only there and catch him why they are talking all of the students and that also in the name of educational trip"Farhan said so many things in just one go that he himself was not aware about the things which he was saying.
"We should not worry in knowing the reason ,what will go of ours if we will trust our teachers for once"Goku said and there was a point in his words.
"But at last pray Jesus that we all pass our exam's with good results ,that only I wanted,"Farhan was looking upwards as if some miracle is going to take place from there.
"Look down my friend nothing is going to happen ,just have faith on yourself,ok"Goku said and we hit our hands.
"That is the only thing you can do,"he replied.
"Don't forget that you are going to give us the matter tomorrow otherwise I am not going to walk on the stage,mind you"Farhan said, I was also having little bit same thought's in my mind.
"Do you do anything rather than worrying all the time? just try one time to give a break to your mind otherwise , nothing will be in your hand and you will be like…”
"Like what?"Farhan asked.
"Like a dog wandering here and there.”
"Don't you find any other examples for comparing me"Farhan said and he also started laughing.
We reached our room soon and had a good sleep that night,the next morning was the second last morning of ours in the college at least for some days, but making our morning bad in spite of a big lecture the last evening, Farhan said a  thing that gave a new problem to our already over flowing mind.
"Have you told your parents that we are going to that place Dorta?".
"But why they should be?"I said.
"Why what?they should be knowing that where are we, if something wrong happened to us then what they will do?"he said.
"And if we told them that where are we going and then something happened to us in that condition also they will not be able to do anything "I said because I was not in a favour to tell my parents specially my father because if I told him and he said ‘no’ which I was sure that he will do then what?.
"No I am not going to tell them about this, I am sure they will say ‘no’ and if I disobeyed them then my father is not at all going to give me off"I said.
"And also if a miracle happens and he granted me the permission then also they will be in a worry and I don't want them to be in that condition"I said in order to satisfy myself.
"Then you should not but I will do,it"Farhan said.
"If one of us will tell than we all three will be and if not, then no one will be doing that,we are together here so there is no question of going on different ways,whatever we will do, we will do together even if we will die ok "I was not at all accepting such a statement from him.
 His nature was really beyond my understanding,"ok than we will go with majority so say Goku what are you going to do,"Farhan asked a very bad question,Goku didn't said anything,I was knowing what he was thinking, he was facing a dilemma as to which route he should choose ,if he would go with me then Farhan would be angry and if he would favour him then according to him I would not like this ,though I was not going to do anything like that,so in order to help my confused friend I suggested something.
"If you want to tell your parents about this then please tell it but take care, just inform them that we are going there not as a mission but as a school trip,I would also inform my father in a way he would not be able to say no."
“And your father would not ever be able to say you no because by the time your letter will reach there we would have already leaved and the things which would happen after our arrival that will be seen at that time only,".
Goku was right as he was always,so without wasting our time we started writing our letters,the letters which may be proved as our death letters afterwards.
"Respected father,I am fine here and I hope that everyone at home is also in high spirits and good health,"I was trying to be as formal as I can.
"I am writing this letter in order to inform you that we are going to a nearby town as a college trip,we would be leaving on twenty forth,pay my regards to mother,thanks for your permission,your loving Farhan".
Though I had not get the permission but then also I added the last sentence in my letter,I was careful that the date written should be of eighteenth so that he would think it's the mistake of post department that the letter reached so late.
"I had completed with it and if you had also than give me, I would put them in the letter box."
"Yes, wait a minute"came the reply,within five minutes all the three letters were in my hand and I left the room in order to post them in the box which was placed very close to our main gate,when I returned back they both were ready.
"So you should also take a bath soon, we will pack your bag"Goku said,at which I was very much delighted,I got ready in a minute.
"So everything is ready now?".
"Yes we hope so. "
On the bed were the three bags quite small because we had taken only few necessary things,today the first class was of Whittaker.
"So I hope you are ready with your matter and practice"he asked as soon as our legs touched the boundary of the class,
"Yes, yes sir, they had completed,the whole night they were doing this."
We looked at Goku"oh really?"he said looking at us.
"Yes ,yes sir"we said together.
"Till evening they will be ready sir"Goku added and this time we didn't waited for his question.
"Yes sir we will be ready .”
"It would be better for you if you get it soon"he said and then busied himself in his work,we also quietly joined our benches which were having a thin layer of dust.
"What are you doing Goku ,we are relied on you and if he came to know that we are still without anything then he would be getting the best chance to make our complain."
"That he will do when he would be able to find your mistake and that he would never be able to""I don't know what are you doing."
"The things which will make you famous."
"How?"I exclaimed.
"Whittaker wants to make it good and so I am helping him a little in it"Goku said with his usual smile.
"Please don't do something wrong because this time Mr Yaseen would not be there to save us from the clutches of that Whittaker"I said.
"Don't you have faith on me?"
"I don't know"I said.
"So then no problem, I would take it from you".
“Mr Gopal and Mr Rajendra if you are not so busy then please give an ear to what we are discussing here"Einstein said.
"Yes sir continue"Goku said and I am sure that Whittaker heard it because he did not continue for a moment but he didn't said anything to our fellow friend, may be he would have thought that it will be useless.
"So where were we?"Einstein said.
 "At the program sir"Gilani said.
"Yes thanku Mr Gilani"he said,we looked with a dislike at him.
"The program will be starting at nine in the morning and we will have to finish it till eleven because the departure time fixed by the management is twelve,the starting of the program would be formal".
And then, one by one he called out the list, we were not at all willing to hear our names,it was like a list of prisoners who were going to be hanged to death,our names came at the last.
"Rajendra Kumar Sharma and Farhan Shatrughan will be at the Last to give their speech"he said
"There should be the best thing at the last isn't it mr Gopal?"
"Yes sir"he said,that day he was not at all in a mood to teach us,we discussed mainly about the program which was more bad as compared to studies.Till evening we didn't get anything from Goku we would have asked him about this but after the forth class he was just not with us.
"We should not rely on him you know, he will not be able to do it and the prey's of that Whittaker will be we only"I said.
"I don't know what we should do, should we ask from someone else to do it for us."
"No we can't, the things will reach that old Einstein soon and again there will be same problem"I said.
"Then we are having a single choice of waiting for him,"Farhan concluded at the last,at that time the thought that came in my mind was that if everything happens in a fair manner  and  Goku gave us the matter but if we made a mistake then everyone will laugh on us, I was not knowing that Farhan had been on the stage earlier but it was sure that I am there for the first time.
"See here he is”,Farhan suddenly said pointing towards the stairs.
Goku was there with a paper in his hand, in which he was looking with a smile.
"Did he get that?".
"Yes I hope so its the least he can do"Farhan said.
 Goku came near us and then handed the paper to us,we gave a look to it"ten ways to improve your language skills"was written there.
We first gave a look to each other's faces and then shouted at Goku with our powerful voices.
"Don't you think of giving something else to us,we don't need to improve our English skills, we need matter of our speech don't you understand this simple thing."
"Calm down, but this will be useful to you life long,I can bet that you will not face any problem after understanding these points, they are really very useful,"he said.
"But we can't go through it in one day,it will need some time which we are lacking"I said.
"Why one day, you are having many days,because your matter is with me so you should not worry about that".
As he said this,we covered our heads with our hands,if he was having the thing then why he was giving such a stupid thing to us,the feeling that came at that time was generally saying that either we should hit our heads with a stone or we should hit his head.
"Ok then please give it to us "Farhan demanded.
"Then take it,"he opened his bag and started searching the books.
"I hope you had not lost it?"I said seeing him searching the bag.
"No I had not"he replied and took out  two pieces of paper.
"Have your property"he said and handed it to us,we gave a reading to that stuff,it was really very nice, we had not expected Goku to give us such a great thing, every word was different from the usual one,little bit of comedy and a warm departure signal, all the things were looking as it they had been written by some great writer.
"From where did you get that,don't tell lie?".
"I had written it on my own,"Goku replied, at this time also there was a smile on his face.
"He would have made it written from Priyanshi, she can only write such a thing,"Farhan said looking at me.
"Yes this would be only there ,now we should move to the room because there would be nothing in the next two classes ,all the teachers are busy with their work,"I said and we leaved Goku there only and moved towards the room,it was only in the evening when he returned again.
"So where were you the whole day?"
"Just roaming through the city gardens, I had not seen them till now,"he replied.
"What about you, going good with your practice?".
"Yes we had learned the things,the language is quite easy you know,only three reading's and you will be able to express it in your own words"I said.
"Priyanshi is really a very good writer you know, the way she had wrote it, is making quite easy  to divide between us, you should gave a thanks' to her from our side.
"Ok I will do that,"Goku replied.

That whole night we didn't slept for a single moment,it was only in the morning when we get a little nap of somewhat two hours,I am talking only about of Farhan and I because the third one that Buffalo was now also sleeping without any tension.
We didn't woke him up,we did it only after we had revised our content two times,"Goku, the Sun is already in the sky,now its the time when you should keep your blanket aside."
I would like to keep it on me for two more minutes,"came the reply from inside of the blanket.
"Now today he would have to wake up"said Farhan and pulled his blanket off,Goku stood up suddenly and there was a burst of laugh ,seeing us Goku also started laughing,we got ready soon because the program was going to start at nine,though we had prepared quite good but then also the lack of confidence was there,we entered the auditorium at quarter to nine.
"I am sure that Gilani would be better than us"I said.
"No he would be not, though he is quite intelligent, sorry not intelligent but a good paratrider, this doesn't mean that he would be good at everything,"Goku said,and then turned his head towards the pictures which were shown to us by our old previous director,the criminals and their catcher's.
"The best thing which I liked the most about my college is the self confidence of the students studying here"I gave a smile on it,we were not having a little bit of that thing which he was talking about and he was proud of that,this was our Einstein who was handling the stage today,I tried to look at Mr Yaseen whom I was accepting to be there on the teacher's chair but he was not there , his seat was empty ,I thought he would be busy with our mission and then tried to give an ear to the words of our most dearest teacher,he gave a good lecture in the beginning and then called Gilani who was not according to the expectation's of us,Goku was right he was not at all good at speaking, he got disturbed several times and made many mistakes,though his content was ok,before our turn, was the speech of our director,so when he was going with his speech we were called behind the stage by Einstein.
 "I hope you are ready with it?"he said.
"Yes sir"we replied but there was a lack of confidence now also.
"Then please show me your content let me have a look of it"he said and took the papers from me sorry more probably to say snatched from me .For the next few minutes there were many expressions on his face,and the last one was telling us that he had not at all accepted such a great thing from us.
"From where did you get this,don't try to fool me by saying that you yourself had written it because that will be nothing more than a great joke"he said, there was a feeling of jealous on his face,may be because he himself was not so good at writing.
" We wrote it together sir,Goku ,I and Rajandera,""whose name was at the first,"he shouted, by mistake Farhan had taken the wrong name of Gopal.
"Gopal sir".
He cleared but hearing his name the brows of Einstein tightened,he was not able to say us anything because the person on the stage had already finished with his speech so in order to fill the same, he climbed up there,for the next moment I was very much afraid,my heart was beating very fastly,I didn't hear our name but when Farhan started to move forward, at that time I also did the same and followed him,without wasting a single moment we started with our matter one after the other ,there was really a huge crowd in front of us but without stopping at a single moment we completed our matter,as we spoke the last line,there was a great feeling inside my heart, the people were clapping and the most enthusiastic was our friend who was blowing whistles, clapping with his full potential,we moved down from the stage,Whittaker was not at all ready to accept it that this were the we who had given such a nice speech.
"So your intention to write history is achieved sir?"Farhan said as we got passed through him but there was not any reply, instead there we saw fire in our teachers eyes,the fire of failure which was burning himself from inside,all the people were moving outside as the group was about to leave in a short duration.
"You were amazing, really amazing, the way you handled it was fabulous"Goku said when we reached him.
"Thanku,you see Einstein's face, it was like a Donald duck,"Farhan was really very happy from inside.
"Yes he was and he should be, at last he was failed in his aim ,"as soon as I said it one known face came to us.
"You rascal,thinking as if you had done some great thing, I will show you"it was Gilani who was red hot.
"What you are going to show us,hunn?"Farhan said in a very comic voice.
"You idiot, I will see you in the exams,when you will be failed and I will be with the director taking my award, now please give me the way I have to take my bag"he said and moved from their giving Goku a push.
"Is he mad?"Goku said.
"Don't you know that he is"I said.
"He never at least try to think rather than coming first I am afraid that if he would by chance came second also then he will be directly taking a place in asylum"Goku said and we gave a brimming smile on it.
"Now we should also move and take our bags, that Guptill will be waiting for us"I said.
"But how we can leave we should give a leave application or something else"Farhan gave us a new point to think now.
"Don't take pressure,we will leave the place without any information, don't you hear Mr Yaseen saying that they will not give us any sort of leave now"Goku said.
"But we can't leave it in this way, when we will be back they will ask hundred questions"I said.
"If they will ask then we will answer them,"Goku said.
"but?"
"Now it's not the time to think pros and cons of the point, now we have to leave, that is final, so why to think so much"Goku said.
We three looked at each other and then..
"Ok lets go"I said without any fear of the future.
                                        CH-13 
                      THE JOURNEY TO DORTA
We were now moving,on the path of our destination,the feeling was good, a feeling which was different,we took our bags on our shoulders,as all the students were busy in seeing the twelve persons who were selected from among them for the trip so we didn’t find anyone.
"I don't know where that Guptill will be standing"I said as we were moving down the stairs.
"He should be behind the campus, that's the only place which is suitable for the purpose,"Goku said.
We were not having much time to think about where he would be so we move towards the back side.
"The bus would be leaving in a minute or two."
I don't think we had to catch it"I said.
"No we don't had to but the crowd will rush towards this side and we don't want them to see us with bags,"Farhan said .
We took four more minutes to move towards the open ground,but our legs stopped there only because our Nepali friend was there which was not at all his usual place, there used to be no one here on this gate.
"Shit"
It came out from my mouth automatically.
"Now what?"Farhan said.
"Have faith in the almighty,and move forward"Goku said and did the same,we also followed him ,that Nepali fellow looked at us,we were sure that now there would be a rain of questions,but something happenened which we had not thought even in our dreams,the man gave a smile to us,and moved to open the door.
"Our respect is in your hands now my friend, may the God bless you"he said, we were quite struck with it.
"Your ride is waiting for you at the right."
When he said this there were tears in his eyes,we did not speak to him anything and moved out, as we took a turn some more drama happened,Whittaker was behind us, he was following us.
"Who moved out from this place now?"he was asking to the Nepali fellow.
"The workers sir, there was so much garbage all around so principal sir has ordered to clear it out.”
 “Don't try to make a fool of me I am not such a stupid,those three boys moved out from here".
"What are you talking about sir,I am here since morning not a single student has passed from this gate".
Without wasting a single second we make a good distance from the gate,our man was standing below the big Banyan tree ready with his Car on,we walked towards the car, quickly opened its doors and sat in it.
"Lets go boys” he said and started the car with a great speed,when we passed from the front of the gate we were at such a great speed that Whittaker would not have got our glimpse also.
"So it was he only, who was behind us, Mr yaseen had already warned us about this fellow"Goku said.
"Who else could poke his nose in our matters rather than him"I said and within few minutes we were quite away from the campus,towards our goal,towards the place  which was going to change our life our thinking towards the life,towards the town of Dorta.
The way was quite beautiful,beautiful enough to attract the attention of someone.
"So how do you get out of the college, I don't hope  that your mad principal would have allowed you to go on a holiday"Guptill said.
"No we didn't tell anyone, whatever will happen will be seen at that time only,"I answered.
"Do you know him?"Goku suddenly asked.
"Yeah, we were together at this college,real enemies,  I always tried to lay the things down but he try to raise up,he was always behind me to carry out my mistakes,but I never do that,he was just a mad guy."
Our companion said waving his hands in the air,"so you are also a detective, I was knowing it from the very first meeting"Farhan said.
"No I am not ."
Came the reply from the other side,I thought for a moment that the man is mad but the things were cleared just after a while.
"Why? just now you had said that you studied in this college only,"Farhan asked.
"Yes I did but this doesn't mean that I am a detective,I had given it up since  quite a long time,and now I am nothing more than a traveller who had spent his past five years traveling through the whole world,"he said.
“So you are a traveller"Goku said making himself sit comfortably.
"Yes ,that will be good to say,I had travelled to many countries,India,Nepal, Switzerland,they are completely different from one another,there beliefs regarding the spirits,there culture,it's truly good you know,"he said in a very dreamy way,as if he is living that moment now in front of his eyes.
"And after this expedition I would be straight to the Ireland."
"That's good"Goku said.
"Now about your next plans."We were completely quiet when he said it,there were mixed feelings inside our hearts.
"You will move with the group of your rest of the friends only as their caretaker with artificial beards,moustaches,wigs' and some more of these type of things, it will be really enjoyable,and now an important thing,"we make ourselves more alert so that his each and every word fit's in our mind,if we would have given so much attention in our classes then we would have been far apart from the rest.
"Don't you think that you are alone there, your friends and you will be working together to catch that fellow as your teacher has mentioned,but there will be something more.More than you would have seen or ever heard,the only difference between you and your companions will be that you know a little bit more about what is going to happen there as compared to your friends,and you will be working a little bit more freely,the plans are none because we will be knowing everything only after a good discussion with Mr Ashlesh,"he stopped here and refused to say anything more.
I was thinking that if we will be working together then how our work will be different from them,but as my friends were quiet so, I also decided not to say anything,the destination was coming closer with the every turn of our wheels ,the way scenery was quite good,there were trees completely covering the way with their shade's,it was only after two hours when any of us spoke something and that was I only because Goku was at a good sleep now also and the other one was busy with his novel.
"How far is it now?"
"A little bit more, count till thousand and we will be there,"I did not like his way of answering but the only good thing was that we were near the place,since the town was close so I decided to wake up Goku as it was my usual habit.
"We are here Goku,wake up"he did not give any answer.
"Goku we had reached, see Priyanshi is also there"as the name of Priyanshi came out from my throat the eyes of Goku suddenly opened,we gave a good laugh including Mr Guptill.
"You..don't  you see I am sleeping"he said.
"No ..but Priyanshi is not sleeping"I said,Farhan also now closed his book and joined me.
"So who is this Priyanshi, I had seen her name in the list of the students who are selected isn't she?".
"Yes she is,and our Goku’s first aim to move there is she only"Farhan said.
"There is nothing like that why don't you allow me to sleep "Goku said without opening his eyes.
"So are they lovers"Mr guptill was also now taking interest in our talks.
"No no"Goku was now with his full senses ,he was out of the laziness.
"O.k. o.k. see the board is here"Mr guptill said pointing at the board on which was written, ‘Dorta three kilometres’we kept on looking at the board for the next few seconds.
"So we had reached at the last"Goku said.
"Yes we had"I said.

"Take the beards from inside,they will be at the back of that suitcase"Guptill said, Farhan moved his hands backward which came with a polythene of black substances.
"You will have to do the same with your clothes also they are looking quite nice as compared to a caretaker."
We looked at him with dislike, was he going to make us wear some torn clothes.
"I am not going to wear them"Farhan said who always goes ahead with fashion.
"No you will have to,"the tone was of an order.
"We will be a standard one caretaker,"he said.
"Your standard will be in that only if you wear those clothes,they are also not so bad, you know"he said. Farhan was not at all in a mood to do it,but seeing the situation he didn't react much.
"How we will change?"Goku asked a sensible question.
"Here only"got the answer.
"They are mainly shirts your trousers would not be making much difference.”
That was a sort of relaxation to us,we put up the shirts sitting there only in the car at our places, Farhan was using abusing words for our driver,not much loudly.
"Looking Nice on you,"Goku said to Farhan.
"You call it nice, it is a rubbish"he replied.
"What goes of us if they are rubbish at last we are the poor caretakers"Goku replied.
"Yes we are"I supported him.
We put on our beards and moustaches,it was giving a look like a comedian.
"Take care of your name, don't by mistake also call each other with your real names,because if your truth got revealed then the whole program will be in danger so take care.”
"We should decide our names here only."
It was sounding as if we are playing a game of children in which we had to call each other with the different names,so I was Ram,Farhan became Hiren and our friend became Priyansh ,because it was quite close to Priyanshi ,there was only a small difference of “I” in them,at last the signs of the town started to be seen but it was small as compared to our expectations,the car was stopped at a place.
"What happened, should we get out now?"Farhan asked.
"Yes you should because your friends had already reached there from a different way and caretakers do not come in cars"he said.
 "Then how we will reach at the right place, we don't even know the place where we had to go "I said.
"That is"The puppet"and you will find it after this turn it's just at a little distance"he said and we moved out from the car ,Guptill then moved away without seeing behind.
"So now friends we are here at last after so much of hard work"I said.
 There was a very good feeling within ourselves, a feeling of self satisfaction.
"Yes we are but that's the only little half  thing, there is a long journey,"Farhan said moving his hands in laziness.
"Now we should move forward,they would be waiting for us Ram "Goku was calling me with my fake name which we had decided earlier.
"Yes we should Priyansh,"I also replied him in the same way.
There were some shops only which were opened,a liquor one,a sweet one and the other was of something else which can't be determined.
"Do you think its quite late and we should have a good diet now"I said because my stomach was demanding for food.
"Yes we would have it but now our first preference should be the place where we are called,"Farhan added in between,"but there would not be any chance of getting it later on because you are a caretaker and I don't think that you will be allowed to take food with your superiors"I added and it was right also.
“The stomach is at first, rest of the things will be done later on,"Goku also favoured me.
"Ok then we should see a good restaurant here."
"You should join us here sir,"came a voice from behind,we looked there,a young face with shabby clothes but a different type of honesty in his eyes was there standing near a shop ,he would be of our age only.
"Ok then if invitation has come then we should go there only,"Goku said and we moved towards the small shop.
It was very poorly designed, I was not at all expecting to have a good food but the hungry stomach of mine was forcing me to accept this only.
"Welcome sir welcome,what you will like to take sir,"the boy asked me,and I looked at my friend's for some help.
"Would you be having chicken soup,and a biryani,"Farhan asked with a brimming face.
"No sir, we don't have such things"came the reply from other side.
"Then get us that what you are having,"I said.
 "Ok sir"he moved inside the gate and we sat on the small brown, low bed's.
"From where they would have got such things,it's really unique"Goku said when he got quite down on that sort of beds or whatever they were.
"They are very old sir my father bought it when he was young like me "the boy was hearing us and there was a small hole in the wall from where he was clearly visible.
"It seems"Farhan said in a joking manner.
"So this means that you are living here from your childhood".
"Yes sir my grandfather first came here and after that we descended him here only,not many people came here sir,from where you are sir?"he asked. 
"From….".
"Chittor".
I was going to give him the answer that we are from where but Goku immediately took the name of a place which we had not seen till now,and I immediately understood why did he say that.
"Why not many people come here?"Farhan asked though he was knowing the reason,as he asked this the face of the boy turned yellow.
"Sir who would like to spend their vacations in such a remote place."
He handled the matter very smartly,he didn't tell us that the place was haunted and it was a good step for his business because he would have thought that if he exposes the truth then may we will also move from there.
"Yes that's true, we also reached here incidentally don't you know that we got down from a car?".
"Yes I gave a look to it".
"That man cheated us and drove to such a place"Goku was handling the matter very nicely.
"It happens sir the world is very bad"he said and came out with three plates.
There was something unknown in it,some liquid and two different circles completely different from each other.
"What's this?"I exclaimed looking at it's irregular shape.
"Its bati and churma sir."
We looked at him with a very strange face, what he told now went above from our head.
"Please repeat the name."
“Churma, bati sir, it's very delicious you would surely love it"he said like every sales man.
"Ok what goes in tasting,"Goku said and picked one small circle with a bit hard covering ,dipped in the liquid kept aside and then directly in the mouth,there were expressions of satisfaction on his face.
"It is what?"he asked while chewing it.
"Bati sir and the other one is churma did you like it sir.".
"Yeah it's very different but the taste is very nice,"said Goku and picked up another one,seeing him we also started eating it like hungry tiger's,the churma was a sweet dish,very tasty,completely vegetarian .
"From where did  you learnt this,"Goku asked with an anxiety.
"From my father sir, he was a very good cook.".
"Will you teach me to make it?".
"Sure sir."
We thought that Goku has completely lost his senses, he was asking such a person to teach him this sort of dish.
"I would be coming to you soon for this,but now we should go,"Goku said giving him his money after we had finished,which he took happily.
"Not this sir"he said returning a five dollar note.
"But you should take it it's the advance fees for teaching me"Goku replied.
“By the way what's your name ".
"Lo- chan saruki  sir"he replied the name was unique but without taking the talk forward we took our way,towards our destination"The puppet".
"The boy was nice isn’t he?"Goku said when we took the turn.
"Yes he was a good one but why didn't he tell us about the true identity of this place he should have told us,"Farhan questioned.
"Well there would be any reason, what we had to do with it,but the diet was nice and heavy".
"So much heavy because I am now not feeling it right to walk"Farhan said moving his hand on his stomach.
"My friend, we had to face that angry men there accompanied by Mr Yaseen if they would ask us that where were we till now then what we would say?"I put forward one another point to think.
"We will say that we were hungry so we stopped to have some food"Goku said without thinking that what will be our images in their eyes when we will say this,we kept on walking for the next twenty minutes and then got a glimpse of the bus of our mates.
"We are near now."
"Remember your names na they will only be the things which should be taken cared of".
"Yes we will, now please someone tell me what to do because I don't think we will be allowed to enter there with such an appearance"Farhan was now also thinking about the clothes.
"Lets see what happens"Goku said.
We opened the door of that big hotel, ‘The puppet’,Mr Guptill with Mr Yaseen was standing at the counter.
"Who are these men through them away from here Amit,how many times I would remind you that I don't want beggars here."
The man at the counter was talking about us,we were sure that Mr Yaseen would told him that we are with him but he didn't do anything and kept on looking at that drama ,a man came, hold our collars and pulled us out.
"If I found you near this shop again then the result would not be so good ok, so think a hundred times before entering here"he said to us.
I was so much angry at that time that if Goku would not have holded my hand then that man would have been in his grave.
"What's this, we are here for them and they don't even help us what rubbish is this?"I said in a very loud voice.
"Calm down,there would be some.."
"No ,what reason could be there, we are being insulted so much here and you are saying that there would be some reason,"I said before Goku completed his sentence,at that moment only the door of that hotel opened again and our two known person came out from it, they reached directly to us,before they would have spoken something, without any thought of from whom I was talking, I bursted on them.
"Why didn't you stop him sir,when we were being thrown outside,we came here for you and you are acting so raw,I did not think of you acting like this sir".
He remained quiet standing there,and when he noticed that I had completed he said"that was your punishment and exam both,punishment because you are late and exam because I was wishing to see how you will act with your friends when they will be shouting on you as your master and you are passed"Mr yaseen said with a serious face.For one minute we got into shock but the next moment only I controlled myself.
"But sir its not the right way, you didn’t care of our self-respect,for a minute".
"Didn't you hear the thought of that famous Indian Swami Vivekananda,he had said that in order to bring a change in someone's nature make an injury on the self respect of that man and I did the same now instead of complaining,please have your lunch you would be hungry"he said.
"Er."we looked at each other,"we had taken it already that's why we were late"Goku said .
"Ok then now what your plan is?"sir asked as if we were the only one who were planning everything till now.
"What you will say will only be our plan sir",Mr Yaseen smiled a little and then said"your mission is going to start from today's night itself,you will be accompanying Mr Ashlesh ",we were quite happy hearing his name.
"Where is he now?"Goku asked with an eagerness.
"He will be meeting you after today's dinner,he is also very willing to meet you people,now go to the room no. twenty five and have a good sleep because for the next two days I can't assure you that"Mr yaseen said and with Mr Guptill took his way for a walk.
"We will be again thrown outside sir,"I shouted.
"This time open your mouth and told the fellow that you are the caretakers"came the reply from Mr Guptill,we were not knowing that this was the last time when we were seeing him.
 "Thanks.”
We then moved inside and again happens the same thing but this time we were taken to the room no. twenty five by that man who had earlier thrown us outside,the room was small but it was ok ,we put our bags aside and then took a small sleep of some hours though, the eyes were just closed only but then also the tiredness went away.
"We will move down only before the dinner because the more we will be with them the more will be the danger of our truths exposure,"Farhan said.
"But I was thinking that we should again go to the place where we were taking lunch may he would be now having something different and new"Goku said who was now a fan of that shop.
"No we will take dinner here only with everyone else,"Farhan clearly refused to go there again.
We waited for sometime in our room only discussing the general issues,at eight o’ clock around, the sounds of our friends who were going for the dinner started coming,they were laughing and rejoicing,Gilani was making others frightened by saying some wrong assumptions about the place ,till now there was nothing unusual about the place ,everything was seeming good.
"Let them come first and then we will go,"Farhan said again.
"Pray the god that the dinner don't get finished just after they had completed with it otherwise we will have to remain without any food the whole night"I said.
I was able to control myself in any circumstances but not my hunger,I was having a fixed time to have my food and if that time crosses out then my temper began to rise up,it was a very usual thing with me.
"Now we should move, they would be at their last"I said after twenty minutes.
"Ok then we should move now give a look to my face,are the beards and moustaches fine ,"Farhan asked.
"Yes they are, don't care about that but just don't forget to call each other with fake names"Goku again reminded us.
"Yes ,it's ok how many times will you remind us this thing,"I complained.
"Now lets move"Goku said in a comical way to make the pressure light.
We locked our room,and moved towards the dinner area, at the way,Mrs Reema passed through us she was also there with the students.
"Why did they bring her here,I don't like to see her at least,"Farhan said making a face.
"It's seems good."
"What?".
"That Reema didn't doubt on us,"Goku said with a smile,we reached the dinner place soon, it was just aside the counter in a big room,the dishes were normal with excessive gravy in them,we tried to pretend ourselves normally without bringing any expressions on our faces.
"Why they use so much oil ."
Someone was complaining,and it was that boy only whom we say making drawings on the board near Whittaker's office,"oh so he is also there"I exclaimed.
"But how, he was saying that he doesn't like study,then he should not be selected if he is not good at studies,"I continued.
"He said that he didn't like study not this that he is poor at it"Goku said .
There was a meaning in what he was saying which I got immediately,Gokus eyes were moving here and there with a great  effort, we were knowing the reason rightly so we get close to him and said"she is just behind you Priyansh.”
Goku quickly looked behind without caring that his action can be a bad thing for us,anyone would have noticed him,Goku kept on looking there on her face for a minute until she looked upwards,and then  again turned his face  towards the plate which was in his hand and was about to fall down, but in time I handled it.
"What are you doing? are you not at your senses,"I said to him slowly so that it doesn't get to someone else.
"Sorry,"he said and threw his plate in the dustbin, Farhan also did the same,but I was hungry so I kept on enjoying the biryani.
"Please finish it soon Ram,"Farhan said to me looking at my plate which was now also having two chapattis,and a sweet.
"Would not you will allow me to have it quietly,"I complained.
"I hope we are having some more works,which are quite important as compared to what you are doing","If you said a single word then I am going to fix this sweet in your mouth,"I shouted at him due to which the persons who were standing at a little distance from us looked behind.
"Keep yourself quiet ,please"Goku requested us.
                               CH-14
                                   
                  THE HAUNTED HOUSE
I took ten more minutes to complete my food and then we moved out,"so now where is our teacher, he should be here only"I said looking around everywhere.
"He would have went  alone seeing that our partner was eating a little bit more,to fill the stomach for the next two days."
Farhan was crossing his limits now but I decided to keep quiet because I was not in a mood to have a fight at this moment.
"See someone is standing there."
Goku was pointing towards a man who was not at all looking like Mr Ashlesh and was standing with a support on the wall but as we looked at him he moved inside a small road which was between two big buildings.
"Catch him"I shouted and we all began running behind him,as we took a turn our eyes remained opened,the road was not moving forward,it was closed after a  few yards,and there was no one rather than a dog who was searching for some food at the night.
"Where did he go?You saw him na he was standing here only,he moved on this way only but now he is not"Goku was tempting hard like an athlete who had now only ran in the olympics.
"Yes he was,but it's so strange"Farhan added,we were quite struck with it,the person who was standing here two minutes before was now not there."
It happens sometimes forget about it,"came a voice from behind,it was Mr Ashlesh.
"But sir that guy, that guy he disappeared and you are saying ,it happens"Goku said in the same tempting pattern.
"The time will clear everything,"he said, “now we should move on our business."
"What business?"
"Come with me and I will tell you,"came the answer.
"But sir,"Goku was now also not in a mood to leave the matter"forget it Goku and come with me I will give your answers,"he said and it was the first time when he called our friend as Goku.
"Goku calm down"I said to him.
We then moved behind Mr Ashlesh, he was in his usual get up and according to me the others were not at all knowing about all these things, that Mr Ashlesh was here. 
“Where are we going sir?"Goku said.
"Mr Ashlesh smiled a little and then said,"to the castle of sir Mountbatten".
"Why?"I asked suddenly.
"That you will know soon,that place is haunted,"as he said this my heart stopped for a moment, were we going to a haunted castle at such stroke of midnight after a harsh incidence like that?
"It is said that one day Mr Mountbatten was sleepingin his room and he was killed,just he was killed not a single problem was found inside his body".
"He would have died due to heart failure,"Farhan added.
"No he was not,"Mr Ashlesh replied with a smile.
"Why so?"
“Because a knife was found near him completely covered with blood and that was of him only though there was not a single scratch".
We considered the thing gravely for a minute to put some argument but we found a none"so, why now we are going there, is there anything special now?"I said because I was not at all willing to go there.
"May we  find something like that,"came a calm reply.
“Mr Yaseen was saying that you are here from the day you left our college so you would be very near to find the truth,"Goku asked.
"I don't know how near I am because some are the things which seems to be far away but are nearer,"he said and then became quiet.
 It was a signal of no more questions,we kept on walking away from the main town and finally stopped in front of a very big house made up of wood,surrounded by a beautiful garden,there was a single entrance to the place which was passing through a small wooden bridge made upon a lake.
"It's really big"I said wondering about it's size.
"Yes it is but everyone refused to buy it,his son had tried quite a bit of it but somehow the buyer came to  know about the mysterious death of his father."
"Are we going to move in?"I asked.
 "Yes I think so,","have you ever moved there sir"Goku asked a very right question.
"No not till now, I was busy with something else something more important than this"he replied and we moved inside the garden of that big house or so called castle,the feelings were of fear,I saw Farhan holding his christ chain,I didn't believe in gods so I was also not believing in this stupid ghost stories.
"Move forward Rajendra and open the gate,"sir asked to me,without wasting a single minute to think what I was doing I moved forward,and just pushed the door a little bit,I was sure that it will be locked but I was wrong ,it opened smoothly.
"Good,Farhan if you are afraid then no one is forcing you to join us, you can stay here and wait till we return".It was like an injury to Farahans self respect.
"No sir I will join you,and I am not at all frightened”.
“Good,"sir said and we entered the place which was going to show us the new limitations of our life.
The house was just a little bit different from the one which were shown in the films,it was not having a big hall but a small light was glowing there.
"What now?"I said to Farhan and this was heard by our former teacher.
"We should take a round of this place, who knows that what new we will see,"he said and we started climbing first the stairs,we kept on moving upwards, there were nearly hundred of it here,at last when we were up we first took a little bit of rest ,holding our knees.
"How that Mr Mountbatten would have climbed it up the whole life,"Farhan said, the Christ sign was still in his hands.
"He would have preferred more to stay down only,"Goku said and gave a little laugh which normally remained on his face.
"Yes, he normally used to be there only in his room which is at the right corner of the stairs."
"How do you know that?"I asked, because the things were now getting more confusing for me .
"We were very good friends,I was in a hobby of visiting him whenever I passed through Dorta,he was really a very good man,but to my surprise his dead body was found in that room though he was not so young to climb till there”he said pointing towards a room which was there on the left.
"Was he also of your profession?"Farhan asked, who always was in a habit to check what the person is engaged in about which he was talking .
"No he was a land owner and don't move ahead always with a prejudice that the person is having friends only from his profession because that becomes a competition of progress rather than friendship,"sir said,and he was having a good thought of human behaviour in his words.
"Let me show you the room.”
“We moved towards that room, sir slowly opened the gate and a big cluster of dust spread all around the room, at that time only the bulb which was giving light to us till now get bursted with a bang sound.
"What happened?”,but before we would panic, somewhere sir glow up the torch.
"It happens here, don't you know it is said that his soul still rest here,wandering around the whole house."
“What?"Farhan and I shouted suddenly.
"He will not harm his friend I think,"I said, now really I was feeling afraid,but Goku and Mr Ashlesh were calm.
"Let him come here, we will also not had to work hard much,"Goku said.
"Yes you are right, if he is going to send us to the almighty then we will be permanently relieved from any work,"Farhan said.
"No we will not because if he will come here then we will ask him na how he died,"Goku said and started laughing.
"It's not a time to laugh Goku,","I don't think there is a specified time to laugh,"I was really annoyed with this answer.
"Means there are two persons here,one who killed Mr Mountbatten and the other one Mr Mountbatten itself,"Farhan said.
"What are you saying, just keep quiet"I stopped Farhan from saying anything more frightening now or rubbish indeed.
"Don't you think that Mr Mountbatten would have already made the other ghost to pack his bags and move from here,the one who killed him,"Goku was crossing his limits now.
"Goku...".
"Sorry,sorry now I will not speak anything” and that time only, the bulb again got up lighted.
"What the hell is happening here,"I shouted.
"Keep yourself quiet Farhan, this is just a bit of the things which you are going to see here,"sir was becoming angry now.
"Don't allow your fear to get on yourself otherwise it will only make you move on the path of depression,","sorry sir,"I said.
“Now check the room thoroughly we will definitely find something here, something which will take us to the root of all this stuff."
We quickly got to on our works, checking every cupboard in  the room.We were given one, one torch.
"Here is nothing great,I don't think we will find anything here,"I said after ten minutes of searching season.
"May be you are right but as much as I am aware about this place there is something which we are not able to understand,and remember may your criminal would be very smart but he will leave some signs for you, the only thing which you require to understand is your concentration and you will not find this in your books ever,"Mr Ashlesh said.
"Sir, are you only here in this photograph?"Goku was pointing his torch towards a picture hanged on the wall.Sir looked at it with a great admiration.
"Yes it is me only,the young Ashlesh"he said.
It was the same person whom we saw in a photograph at Mr Yaseens house,"you are looking quite good,","yes I am but..."he stopped here only.
"What ‘but’ sir the photo is quite nice,"Farhan said thinking that he didn't like the photo.
"Nothing,nothing,"he replied with a little smile.
"Sir is that person only Mr Mountbatten"I asked.
"Yes he is,the man who never died,"he said and was having tears in his eyes,"it happens sir please don't cry, if you want we can take this picture with us,it will help you a lot sir,"Goku offered a very good deal.
"No it will be ok here only,"came the reply.
I am not knowing why but I was feeling the presence of someone else in that room rather than us,though I refused to say anything at that time but I am sure there was someone standing just besides me because as I moved a little bit that side,I felt a little bit cold at one place,but I thought that if I will say something then everyone will thought that I am saying this because I am afraid.
"So it means, Rajendra was right, there is nothing here which can help us"at last sir also got agreed with me.
"Lets go."
But at that moment only the winds start blowing very tightly in that room,and the gate also moved a little bit closer to its exact position,the windows were moving back and forward at a very fast speed just like any horror film, apart from the movies and usual horror books it was the first time when I was having this experience.
"The weather is changing now"Goku said,moreover to our bad luck  the rain also started at its greatest pace.
"I would not at all like to spend my night at this place,"Farhan said.
"I was thinking that we will be finding that Steel here but the scene is completely different to what I had thought.
"How you thought that, that master will be here,residing in this old cottage,"sir said. 
“Why that almirah is making so much noise just give a look to it Raj,"Farhan was pointing towards a small cupboard or almirah whatever it was, which I had checked earlier.
"I closed it rightly how it get opened".
"It happens sometimes you would have mistaken,"sir said,"just check it for once more"he added when I moved to close it.
 There was nothing  except some few old pieces of paper's who were looking like as if someone had put water on them some time,I took them out this time, there was something written there in very bad handwriting as if the person was a doctor.
"Is there anything special? "sir said from behind.
"Few papers only sir, something is written on them, they are seeming as if they are the papers of  a diary ,"I said and sir moved closer to me swinging his torch.
"Let me have a look of it,"sir said and picked it up from me."Mount was also in a habit to write diaries,maybe it would be his only,"he gave a keen look to it and then said.
"Yes it is his only the day, when he was killed eighth May,1975".
We looked at each other with a very suspicious view.
"That's a very important clue lets see what he writes".
"The writing is very bad and difficult to understand,"I said in between.
"But I am in a habit to read different kinds of writings the students of your college are having such a beautiful writing that sometimes they themselves are not able to read it rightly.
"It is already ten o’ clock and still I am awake sitting alone in my room with you,I am sure that soon there will be a call for me, from the almighty, I am really fed up of this boring life,today nothing much happened different which I would like to tell you, just apart from this that the children are now also in a habit to come here for playing cricket, hundreds of time's I had told them not to come here but they don't understand,it's the only thing that creates some contrast in ordinary life,I like to see them playing here but when the ball comes inside through any window then I walk behind them,they would make me get a round of the whole garden and then will go,that Saruki is the naughtiest of all, he is their leador,and it is usual that he himself only will hit the ball to my place but he is a good boy by nature,he is in a habit to bring for me some of the delicious items of his ....".
There was nothing after this ,the ink pen was pressed a quite much hard due to which a big circle was formed there,accompanied by some scratches also, which were in black pen,"did you get something?"Goku suddenly said.
"What?"we both exclaimed together.
"That boy was also Saruki if I remember his name rightly, it was Lo- chan saruki, when Mr Mountbatten was murdered he would be of approximately forteen or much smaller than that,and he is having a shop also of food items which Mr Mountbatten has clearly mentioned about that boy it means knew Mr Mountbatten rightly,he visited him frequently, he would be knowing something,something which is till  now hidden,"Goku was now having a serious look on his face.
"If you know him then please visit him,and don't ask him in a way you are enquiring something and if he refused to tell anything then I leave it on you how to handle the situation and pick out the things from him."
“Have faith on us sir, now that fellow will have to expose the things rightly,"Farhan said in a very enthusiastic manner,at that moment only the rain got stopped,and the wind became calm.
"Lets go now, your friends will be touring this place tomorrow"he said and we left the place immediately.
The bulb was now also bulging,the door was still open though there was a huge pressure for some time,sir stopped a moment seeing in the house after we were out.
"What happened sir?"I asked to him.
"Nothing great , I don't know why it happens but I am feeling very close to my friend,"sir said a thing which make me to put some pressure on my mind,though I was not at all believing in God's or these spiritual things but at that moment my fortune was forcing me to change my thinking for a while,we moved away from that house, I did not try to look behind also,after few minutes we were far ahead from it,I gave a look to my watch it was three am.
"Have a good sleep now and don't keep on sleeping, tomorrow also you should be on time sharp at seven outside waiting for others to come and try to get something more there if you can".
"Sure sir but where you will be sleeping,"Goku was now worrying so much about the old man.
"Don't think of me, this earth is having enough for everybody's need,"got the answer with the same smile as Goku had.
When we reached  the  hotel everybody was sleeping a very sweet sleep,we quietly entered it without making any noise and got within our rooms leaving Mr Ashlesh alone on the empty street.
"Set an alarm in your watch,it will help us to wake up on time,"I said to Farhan,who was napping.
"Yes I will, don't you think that it would be that Robin steel only who has killed him,it could be possible","yes it could be,but why he would  be killing him there was nothing of his interest in the house,"I said and it was right also because he was just having a house to call of him, his child was abroad and he was living there may be because of some attachment that old people usually have to their town or village.
"Mr Mountbatten was knowing that he is going to be killed, I think"Goku said.
"May be, but if there would have been some thing like that then he would have mentioned it at that moment in his diary"Farhan was having a point,but what happened there was unknown to us.
"The god is also with us,"Farhan added.
"How?"
"See how we found the papers of his diary and that also of that day only when he was killed,don't you think that its a miracle,I mean it doesn't happen normally,"though Farhan was irritating me but I can't prove him wrong also, the things which were happening there were quite difficult for us.
"Now leave that and give your mind some rest otherwise there will be left nothing for the use for some other day,"Goku said and we put our pillows beneath us for a sleep.
The  day was quite tiring for us so I didn't have to work much in keeping my eyes close, the next day sorry the same day we woke up all together with the twinkling sound of Farhans watch,"good morning"we wished each other though it was not at all good.
"So ready for the work servants"Farhan said, when we were getting ready for the work.
"Yeah preparing for that only"we replied with a laugh .
We ourselves were  not knowing that inspite of several tensions also, how we were having a cool mind, and we were very happy, it was the first time when I felt that the happiness comes from inside and you had no right to consume it ,if you can't produce it,after half an hour we were there at our work standing in front of the bus.
"I hope that they will not be late otherwise our whole program will be disturbed,"I said looking at my watch.
"Yes,but they will not be, Mr Yaseen is very much punctual to his time,"Goku was right because at that time only the sound of the gossip of our friends began coming from inside the hotel, we gave a check to our artificial beards,in order to avoid any more stuff.
At first that book worm Gilani only came out with a bag at his shoulders,"hey you come here,"he was pointing at me though I was not at all willing to go to his service but Goku pushed me a little from behind.
"Yes sir."
"Put this bag on the first seat, I will be there in a minute"he said and handed the bag to me and then went inside.
"What's there in this bag,let me check"Farhan said taking the bag from me, he opened it and we saw some books,a perfume and a gasex tablet .
"Bingo, so his digestion is not working properly I think,"I said,"let me have this perfume and that tablet,"Farhan said
"What you will do with that?"
"I am going to keep this perfume with me and this tablet"he gave a naughtious look.
“It will be looking good in that dustbin,"he said and threw it there,"take care because now we will only had to hear that heart breaking sound"Goku said,but Farhan didn't hear and moved into the bus for keeping that bag on the first seat as demanded by the mad man.
"Today that Gilani will be making everyone feared with his cannons", as I said this the whole team came out,"good morning mam"Goku said when Priyanshi came to climb on to the bus.
"Good morning"came the same reply from her,she looked at him with a very different eyes but looking into the seriousness of the matter, I suddenly create a noise by falling Harry onto the another person.
"Sorry sir,sorry"I said, he replied to my sorry in some abusing words  and then climbed up the bus,it was enough to divert her mind from Goku,one by one all of them moved up,and at last we also joined them,Mr Yaseen also was sitting on the first seat with that Gilani, we were knowing that this was done in dislike only.
"Sir did you want some water?"Goku asked him.
"No thanks"came the reply from the other side.
"Hey you thief"came a voice few minutes later,it was Gilani who had now able to know about our mischief.
"What happened sir?"though I was very happy from inside but then also I was trying my best to keep an innocent face.
"You had stolen my perfume and my.."he stopped at here.
"And what sir?","nothing,more where is my perfume",the whole bus was looking at me.
"How I would be knowing that where is your perfume sir,we are poor people sir we don't stole perfumes because we don't use them"I replied in the same innocent manner. 
"And if you want to check me then also you can"I said.
"You rubbish".
He was going to stand up but at that moment only a voice very frightening for us came from his behind,and within a moment we were forced to put our hands on our nose,the cannons were active now,the smell was so hard that even a dirty dog would have felt ashamed.
"What is that Mr Gilani?"Yaseen sir shouted at him,the whole bus was laughing, the girls by keeping their hands on their mouth without making any noise .
"Sorry sir my digestion is a little bit disturbed from the past few days."
He was feeling very much ashamed in front of all the students,after this he didn't complain about his perfume which was in dustbin,soon we reached the place which was quite familiar to us,we hold the water bottles so that if anyone demanded for it then it would be easily available.
"You should have not done like that"Mr Yaseen said when all the others had already left.
"Sorry sir,"we replied though we were not at all sorry.
"You are having a good word to use"sorry",it's your key to move out of the trouble,"he said with a smile and then moved away refusing to say anything.
"He didn't ask anything about the last night,"Goku said when we were moving behind the group.
"May he would have been able to know everything from Mr Ashlesh that's why,he is not willing to hear it from us."
"Yes it could also be there."
Our friends were not at all happy to see it,even in the daylight,they were having the same expressions which we were there when we visited it in the night but at that time it was much frightening as compared to what it was now.
"Students just give an ear to what I am saying"Mr Yaseen was going to make some announcement which was related to the trip only.
"This house belongs to Mr Mountbatten ,an old resident of the village, he was killed here and no one was seen entering the house or leaving it,also there was not a single injury or wound there on his body, his death is now also a mystery for the world because many persons has reported seeing him around this place,even after his death"sir stopped here, surely it was  frightening for all the other students but not so much for us because we had already witnessed the things the last night or more probable to say few hours back only.
"I don't know whether you are willing to enter there or not but you are going to...."he stopped here for creating some suspense,we were knowing that he is going to say that now you are going to go “in” but he didn't.
"Stay outside only for checking any other exit through which the criminal may would have left the place,we will not be putting you in any danger ,we will be here for another two hours and then we will be again on our way to hotel"sir said.
We were quite disappointed hearing this because we were forced to enter the haunted place at night and they  just had to remain outside,searching for the rubbish things which we were knowing   doesn't exist.
"Yes you three come here"sir was calling us there.

"If anyone has guided you to enter the house then instead of standing there folding your hands, we should go there if you don't mind".
Sir was knowing that Mr Ashlesh has ordered us to carry on with our work even today and he was reminding us that only.
"Sorry sir."
"We can't enter the place in front of others, when everyone will be away then only we will enter the house other wise it will be a big problem,"he said.
We waited for another few minutes and when,we noticed that no one was seeing us then we entered the house,very smartly,nothing was unusual there except the fact that the bulb was glowing to it's full pace now also,like the last night.
"So welcome back again here"Goku said with a smile.
"Who knows what we will find more here,the place may will show something more this time"Farhan said with a  smile, we were not having any kind of fear now,at that time only Mr Yaseen entered the place.
"Today’s night you  visited only a single place,but remember, their would be many circumstances where you will visit different places but never make yourself satisfy with whatever you had observed last time ,visit it again may you will find something else,"he stopped here for a moment but was willing to speak some more things.
"Now you should give a look to the room of Mr Mountbatten also”, “you will find it beside the stairs"I spoke in between in order to show him that we were knowing the room.
"Yes right, but now you are having only few minutes,so quick"he said and we entered the room.
The gate was half opened and was in a very bad condition,Goku’s little push only was sufficient to open it, the room was quite dirty, there was an old bed, some torn books some photos hung on the walls and nothing more than that,Goku took up the books seeing them.
"So he was in this room only when he was writing that diary,"he said.
"The person was really a fond of Shakespeare,"I said picking up the books,there was Leo Tolstoys war and peace also.
"Give a look to these pictures and fix them in your mind,"we looked at the pictures ,the photos were same ,the only difference in them was that,the whole family was clearly visible in this,a boy who was pure white in colour,one beautiful lady who was blonde and the man himself.
"Is this the whole family pic or someone else is also remaining in it"Farhan asked taking the photo of the picture in his black and white camera.
"No it's the whole family,except one,"he stopped here..
 "Who else is remaining"this time I put up the question.
"You don't have to worry about that,just you are having five more minutes to go through that almirah "he was talking about the one which was standing at a corner, this time also I only opened it,but there was nothing except some insects and some coins.
"Nothing sir,just few insects if we want them."
Sir stood still there for a moment without saying anything ,I thought that I had spoken something much,"ok then come here again."
“What happened sir, was there anything special in that almirah?"Farhan asked a very right question.
"Yes something important, not for me or you but for this case,there used to be many things in this almirah when Mr Mountbatten was killed, at that time also I came here and opened this almirah, there were few dollars, a gold chain there,and a photo frame","so what's unusual in this sir."
“Mr Ashlesh told me that the owner never allowed anyone in his life time to open this almirah,there was something important in that, more important than these things and the person who killed him was behind that thing only,sir asked him about that thing so many times but every time he refused to say anything,the person left these gold things there as it is and took the rest of the stuff which he needed."
Sir was disclosing out some more points of this case now.
"Now we should move out otherwise, there will be a great stuff by some people,"he said and we moved out,at that time also the feeling of some presence there was in my mind,the students were searching for some another way very enthusiastically.
"Can I have some water?"Priyanshi came to me thirsty.
"Why not madam,"I said and gave her a bottle.
"It's very much confusing,there are things which are seeming very difficult,completely twisted with one another."
“You saw that photo hung on the wall?"Goku asked a rubbish question though he was knowing that we all had seen it.
"Yes we had, that family photo only, right?",Farhan said.
"Yeah that one only,"I am not able to remember when but I had seen that boy somewhere,which was with Mr Mountbatten".As Goku said this our faces suddenly moved towards him.
"Are you sure,try to think where you had seen him if that person will be caught then the whole mystery will be getting a new turn ,he is the son of Mr Mountbatten right,he would be surely knowing that what was there in that almirah,"Farhan said with enthusiasm.
"I am trying my best but I am not able to remember that.."Goku said,he tried his best to remember but nothing came to him.
After about one and a half hour there was a call from Mr Yaseen to join the bus,all the students with sad faces climbed up the bus because they had found nothing,"don't lose your hope, we will try to get inside also if the authorities give us the permission",as he said this, the faces of our friends including Priyanshi glow up,at that time only we came to notice that the director of ours was not there to accompany us,.
 Mr yaseen was the only teacher there who was taking care of the whole group as that Reema was at the hotel,the whole way there were assumptions about the cases, very useless they were,Harry was trying to make others frightened by saying wrong stories, it was only after Mr Yaseens scolding when he kept his mouth shut,we reached the hotel on time,after all the others went down Mr Yaseen said to us,"you are going to visit that boy now only,so that at night some more investigation could be done."
"Sir, if you allow me to ask one question then I would like to ask it,"Goku said .
"You are asking as if earlier you had been asking me about every question which you had put up.”
"Where is Mr Ashlesh now?"
"You will be knowing that on the right time and ask him only about this, if he will think it worthwhile to answer then he will surely"came the answer and  sir went away.
"Lets go to that Saruki only,we will have our lunch at his shop,"Goku said and we moved towards the shop,in our way we gave a keen look to the road on which  we saw that person who got disappeared.
"I hope we will be getting some sort of good information from him,"Goku said as we reached close to him. 
  “The investigation has been done before also but nothing has came in hand it haapens normally but not with such a great investigator like Mr  Ashlesh and Yaseen sir, if they are not able to solve the mystery then who are we to take it to some conclusion"I said.
"Why? Don't you hear that sometimes a tortoise also wins the race,"Goku used a useless example,and gave a laugh.  
                             CH-15
                     THE LAST BATTLE
The person from whom we wanted to meet was standing there with some other customers ,"so this time he get someone?".
"No they are the locals only I think, gathering for a tea here,"I said,there was a smile on his face when he saw us.
"Good afternoon sir,what you will like to get today, the yesterday one only?"he said with a brimming face.
"No,no get something else for us now, anything which you like,but it should be good ok,"Goku said,the other customers looked at him with a great surprise.
"From where you had come?"one person from the three who were sitting there asked us.
"From Chittor,are you from here only?","yes we are,"the other one replied.
"That's good ,it's a nice village though we reached here accidentally but the place is quite nice,you know,"Goku was trying to make a relationship with them very smartly.
"Yes our town is small but it's nice,"we were excepting the same comment from them, who will say that there place is not good ,it's the human tendency to show his things better than other's.
"I liked that villa which is at the one end of the town, who is the owner of that, it's quite big,"Farhan also now took part in the talk smartly,the persons were quite unhappy with this statement, it was clearly written on their faces,"that villa is a curse for our village,it has changed our life completely."
"Why so? "we asked though we were knowing the whole things of that place.
"That villa is having a ghost of Mr Louis Mountbatten,the owner of the villa,who was killed very mysteriously,but his ghost still reside there,my wife has herself seen it behind the house when she got in the garden to get some flowers,though no one ever take care of the garden there, but still it is quite well maintained, the flowers do not get dry,and the grasses do not grow."
“Was that Mountbatten,the owner of the villa , a good person,I mean he was quite rich so he would have helped the others who were poor,"I asked.
"He was a very good man, always ready to help everyone, he even didn't use to charge interest on the loans which he used to give us, I myself has borrowed the money from him and he just demanded the actual price, curse the person who killed such a man,"the third man said this time.
"Your lunch is ready sir,"that boy was now there standing with three plates in his hands.
"Ok son thanks for the tea,"one of them said and then gave few coins to him.
"If you don't want to get in some trouble then keep yourself away from that place,"the man said and went away.
"We will take care"I said from behind laughing in a way so that no one else can see it.
"So what's there today?"Goku asked seeing  around white thing in the plate.
"It is ‘handbi’,sir you will surely like it,it's my favourite also"he said.
"Oh really!"Goku exclaimed and put a bit of it in his mouth,"good, very good, it is having a completely different taste from the one which we had yesterday "he said.
"Thanku sir"came the reply and we also joined him.
The new thing was also very nice,it was crispy,and smooth"so Mr Saruki what did you say about that villa is that really haunted or these people are making a fool of us."
“I don't know sir, till now I had not seen any ghost there, so I can't tell you anything,"he said ,we three looked at each other in order to come directly on the point.
"You are the only person in this whole town who know’s Mr Mountbatten rightly,"as Goku said this the expressions of Saruki changed  but without caring for it Goku keep on continuing himself"don't try to make a fool of us,you were the only one who had broken his most of the window glasses,you went to him for giving  food many a times,you are knowing those things which we don't know you are the most important part of this whole chain,if you don't know, then I would like to tell you that you are the only person about whom Mr Mountbatten was writing in his diary,a few minutes before he was killed,he had said that you are a good boy,if you want us to catch the criminals then please help us,tell us all the things which you are knowing about that person,he would have talked to you about the usual issues, if you had found anything strange in that , then please tell us "Goku was in a form of requesting, not ordering.
"Who are you and how do you know about our relationship,no one else in the whole town know much about this,so how you outsiders can? "
His questions were all necessary and usual but we were not now in a condition to disclose our truth,"you should not worry now about the point that who we are and how do we know such a great deal about you and Mr Mountbatten, just tell us the things,"Goku said,he didn't speak anything for the next few moments.
"Yes I know him ,we used to play in his garden,he never liked it but also never stopped us,he helped my father at the time of crisis so he used to send food items nearly daily with me to his home ,I was in a habit to find him in his room,he used to be very happy on seeing me as if I am his own son,he used to laugh with me like a friend on my poor jokes,we ate the dinner together  many a times, on the night when he was killed, I was the last person who visited him,we did the dinner together,he was  fond of my father's dishes,on that night he was behaving differently."
"Was he sad?"I asked in between.
"No he was not a person to be sad,he was more happy that day,said some jokes and then walked towards his almirah to get something,as he said this our ears got straight,"he brought a napkin,dark black in colour with some white stripes if I remember rightly,he said me never to open it and handed me that thing,I was a child that time so there was a very keen feeling of the thing what was there in the napkin,but before I could reach my home the news spread that Mr Mountbatten has been killed,there established a fear in me that if I opened it then he will come to me and will give me punishment,so I never opened it,"Saruki stopped here.
"You don't know what you……., how important you are for us,"Farhan said to him.
"Did anyone ever enquire about this from you,I mean if anyone had talked about that,"Goku asked.
"Yes one has done it usually but till now I had not told him anything."
"Who was that?"
“I don't know, I never asked his name,"Saruki said, he was a little bit frightened,"if you can show us that thing,"Goku demanded.
Saruki thought a little,"that is not with me."
"What?"we shouted at once.
"That day only I put that in the house and after that day I had not entered the house or garden for once also."
The boy said,I took a large breath,"then you should go now and bring it up,"I said.
"What? I,but"he was not at all willing to go there.
"I don't know why you are so afraid?,"Goku was becoming a little bit angry now, it was the first time when we were seeing him in an angry mood.
"I am not afraid,"he said and at that time only I came to understand that he was not angry at all but just it was a trick which he was playing on the innocent boy,"then you should go and prove it,that you are not afraid."
"Yes I will do that,"he replied, we were successful in our mission,the boy was boosting with self confidence.
"If you want us also to accompany you, then we can."
"No,no need of that I will go alone there,"got the reply from the other side.
"That's your wish, go right now and bring that thing, we will have our lunch in that time,"Goku said and picked up a bite of it.
"Fine"he said and moved towards the way but after a second he again turned back.
"What happened now?"Farhan exclaimed.
"Will be the door open or..?"
"It is open, you will not have to worry about that at all,"Farhan only gave the reply.
"He is mad I think, afraid as if that ghost is going to kill him"I said in order to create a humour.
Goku picked up another bite but before he could put it in his mouth,his hands stopped,his eyes were fixed upon some thing in order to make sure what was that, we also looked at that side but we found nothing.
"What happened?"I asked him.
"Lets go,"he said in a great exhaustion.
"But what had happened?"
"That boy is in danger I saw someone like that night ,there also  and he reacted in the same way"he said,it took a few minutes for us to understand what was the matter.
"The person is behind that thing only, we were right and he was knowing also that who we are and for what purpose we are here," Goku said when we hurried behind the boy.
"He would not have reached so far,"I said because there was just a gap of average seven minutes between us and him.
"Should we inform Mr Yaseen about this?"
"Yes we should do, Farhan you should go there and call him, during this time we will catch that boy,"I said to him and he stopped in front of the hotel only,the car of Mr Guptill was standing at a side.
"Should we take this?"Goku said.
"But I don't know to drive a car"he added.
"But I do know?"I said to him.
"The car needs a key to start,which will be there with that Guptill only,"I added.
"You don't care,"Goku said ,pulled out a bunch of some small things put the one quickly in the lock,and turned it,bingo it was opened.
"I was not knowing that you know such things also."
"No ,but its my father's last gift to me,"came the reply,I was not at all knowing that Farhans father was not there,he had already died but what a thing he had given to him on his last birthday,a bunch of instruments to open the cars and start them.
"See its started now, please join it"he said and I sat in it,without saying a single thing he moved with a great speed.
"If you want that we should catch that Steel then please drive slow otherwise we will be meeting him in the heaven only."
"No he will not be going there,because his seat has already been reserved in the hell,"I replied.
Soon we caught our man on the way, he was fine till now and that gave a feeling of relief to me.
"Hey Saruki join us in the car if you don't want to get tired,"Goku said to him, at once he was surprised to see us but the next moment he got to his senses and said"I told you to be there only, now who is there at my shop"his this question was also a bit bad.
"We had left Farhan there,he will take care of your shop"we said a lie but it was said for his favour only.
"Ok then"he said and sat in the car.
"What to do now, should we go to that house to search for that  or return back?"Goku asked  me.
"No we will go there,he would be quite behind and what goes of ours in taking a face to face talk with the person whom the world is searching for such a long time."
"What are you people talking about, is there anything serious?”Saruki  asked from behind.
"No not till now"Goku replied, by this time we were there in front of that gate again,there was a feeling in my mind that either we will live today or that Robin steel
"This place is now also same except the few changes?"
Our passenger said.
"We are not having so much time that we can think of the past which you had spent here "I said.
"Ok I am going there but you remain here only."
"Don't be so brave we are coming with you,if you want your self to be safe then don't give your useless suggestions."I said to him and it was correct also we were there to save his life and he was guiding us only what to do and what to not.
"I request you to be here only,if something will happen to me then not much will change because there is no one of me in this world but if something happened to you then a hundred more will die,"he said and hurried into the house.
I was very much amazed at his words, he was a foolish though but whatever he had said  was quite far beyond his age.
"Now I understood that why a person like Mr Mountbatten liked this boy.”
We waited for another ten minutes but no one came out.
"He should have reached here till now,"Goku said.
"Yes it's becoming quite late,I hope everything is fine inside,should we enter there?"
“Yes we should now,lets see what's the matter,"we were looking at each other as if we were going on our last walk,there was smile on our faces not the fear of any death,holding each others hands like the two heroes of Bollywood we opened the gate,there was quietness all around.
"Saruki!"I shouted saying his surname only because I had forgotten his name. There was not any reply though the sound echoed through the whole house.I shouted again but this time also failure.
"Shit,"Goku said and started climbing up the stairs,I also followed him.
"He was going in that room only where Mr Mountbatten was killed if I am not wrong?”
He would have gone to that room only,but this time the room which was just before it, was also opened,Goku stopped behind that and same did I,no voice was coming from there, we slowly looked inside,there was no one.
"I thought that he is in this room,"Goku said.
"Now what, he has also got killed?"I said though I was not at all willing to say this.
"What are you saying, he will be somewhere here only.”
There was no one  in the next room also but we found something which did not allow us to close our eyes,there were some faces on the ground,not like those of usual men but like portraits, I felt as if my legs has got fixed.
"Wh..what,is..this?"My words were not coming out from  throat.
"Nothing,nothing,lets move from here move right now"Goku said and with heavy legs we moved down the stairs.
"Stop there only where you are"came a heavy voice from behind,we were not at all having so much will to look behind and see someone which we don't find in both the rooms and who was not at all afraid of the faces which were appearing there,but we did it,the person standing above the stairs was looking like a normal human being only with a long formal cloth coming towards his knees and a pure white pyjama.
"Who are you?"Goku asked,with a bold voice.
"I am Bose,Satyendra nath Bose."
We were quite struck hearing this name ,he was the famous killer Satyendra nath Bose,I looked at him more seriously,the face was only a little bit changed from the one whom we saw in the photo,meaning that the person standing in front of us was dead.
"But he is already dead,"Goku said.
"Yes, he is dead but only in the eyes of the world,you only tell that how a person who had died is standing in front of you,that's the world which has made me dead though I never died"he said.
"But where were you now,we had already checked the whole room and did not find a single one there?".
"You would have not seen rightly I was there only,sitting beside the old bed this is a weak point of a detective.”
"Where is our friend?"I asked.
"Where ever he is,he will be fine you don't care about that,now before you would ask me that what I am doing here and all the rest of the questions, I myself will clear everything ,I had come here to help you in catching that Steel,it was I only whom you had seen that night and now before coming  here."
"What? A person who himself is a criminal will help us in catching the one of the same breed."
"I was a criminal but for only the rich people, I used to kill them only who were going on wrong path,I was like Robinhood and the world took me as a criminal though they were not knowing that it is done for them only,"he stopped here….
"Steel used to work with me only but he went on the wrong path and now he is a criminal a real criminal."
"So where is that Steel now?"Goku asked a very direct question. 
"I really don't know but if I make an assumption then he will be coming to you himself only."
"But why he will,is he not at his senses?"I said.
"The reason will be known to you,but make sure that your hands do not shiver when you will be putting your gun in front of him,"he was saying this to Goku.
"But why I will do that,he is a criminal and there is no mercy for him in my heart,"Goku said in a confused state.
"No ,there will be ..,"that Bose said.
 "Why?"Goku asked with a bold voice.
"If you are not in a hurry then I should tell you a short story."
"No we are not"Goku replied.
"Few years back ,there used to live a man happily with his family,he was having a good life but one day the village head who was a very rich man tried to pick up his land which was the only source of income for his family,his position was not at all so good that he can stop that man,a person  decided to help him ,he killed the village headman,the person and his family were very pleased with him and asked if they could also do something for him,that man demanded that he should also join him and they will work together for the society,the man agreed happily,and they helped a number of persons but one day his mind changed  though he had helped many but we were the criminals only in the eyes of all, so why to do that,from that day onwards the person got separated from the other one and got on the wrong path"he stopped here only, but the next thing which he was going to say was more hair raising.
"His wife came to that person with his small child to ask that if he can help her to bring her husband on the right path,the man tried to teach him the lesson, but he didn't understand and tried to kill him instead, though he was able to defend himself but he had to run away because the person was much more powerful than him. And that lady was your mother that small boy was you and that poor man was your father,Mr Robin steel."
As he said this my heart got a great jerk, the person who was standing there with me was the son of such a great criminal and was studying to become a detective,it was becoming more complicated now.
"It means you're only that person"I said.
 I gave a look to Goku’s face ,he was not looking normal, it was like a shock for him,I was able to understand his situation ,"everything will be fine Goku, you don't loose your hope,we will handle the situation."
"My father is already dead when I was a child,"Goku said.
"I only guided your mother to tell those things to you,Mrs Vandana Upadhyay was really a good lady",as he said this Goku with a shock looked upwards.
 "What are you saying? My mother is still alive."
"I would have been more happy than you if she would have been alive but to our bad luck she killed herself  when you were a child and the lady who is living with you till now is the  best one in the whole world,a model of behaviour."
“Goku I think that man is completely mad,"I  was about to  complete my sentence but before only there was a ear paining sound,a bullet just passed by me.
"You mother seeker"I shouted at once but suddenly Mr Bose picked up the gun and shot the  person dead,whom we were not able to see also.
"Pick the gun Gopal,"Mr Bose shouted.
"I am not having it"Goku said.
"Then please take this,"he shouted and twisted the gun towards him.
"Farhan you be with him."
There were another two shots but this time we were completely alert,though Goku was against his father in this battle but then also he was firing without any trouble.
There were two men in front  of us whom we were trying to get over,we were not at all able to see them but they were very good shooters.
"Stop firing "Bose said and we stopped, but not they and then there were regular two shots,one from them and the other from the one about whom we were unaware.
"Your friends had arrived"he said from behind and we forced our eyes to look at the gate, Mr Yaseen and Farhan were standing there with guns in their hands,the unaware terrorist were quite surprised with that attack and gave up soon because after a while the firing completely stopped.
"They had gone away"he said from behind,"it's there nature you know".
"But  Yaseen sir has said that he worked alone only,there is not any team of his you know."
"Your sir isn't a God so that he can't be wrong,"he said this smiling.
"Goku are you okay and who is this man with you"Farhan said climbing up the stairs to reach near us,Goku looked at him.
"Just a man whom I would not like to meet again"he gave the reply.
"Who were those men?”
"May be the dears of Robin steel ,"Goku replied.
"Where is that boy about whom you were talking before?"Yaseen sir asked looking here and there for that boy and I looked at Mr Bose for some help but found nothing there.
"Where he had gone?"
"I don't know."
This was an another shock for us,Goku suddenly picked up a piece of paper which was there on the floor.
"I will be there with you soon but till then handle the things on your own".
"What did he mean by this?"I exclaimed.
"You were there with a person whom you don't know?"Mr Yaseen was angry with us.
"You should keep your pitch down,"came a voice from behind and to our bad luck our bad dream was standing in front of us,Robin steel,we were not able to identify him at once but it was him only.
"I did not hope that you will come here in front of us in this way"Yaseen sir was very quiet.
"I am in a habit to do the things which the people don't expect from me,"he said, his hair were pure black,and face was very much similar to Goku,Mr Yaseen quickly moved his gun up to shoot him but he was more quick then Mr Yaseen,he fired the shot with such a greatness but then also the bullet just hit at the right place,on Mr Yaseen’s hand and his gun moved away from him.
"You are now also foolish like before, we met after such a long time and then also you are acting so raw, how poor are you"he said but Mr Yaseen was not having anything to reply him.
"Let me handle this,"Goku said picking up Mr Ashlesh’s gun which Farhan brought with him.
"Goku stop"I shouted behind him but it was useless, he was in a habit to do whatever he likes and not that, which others advice.
"I expected this only from you my son,just brave like me, I am proud of you,"Steel said and moved up his gun,but Goku didn't.
"You should not act like this, you are the son of Robin steel who never gets afraid,"he said.
"I am not afraid but just seeing the man who moved on the wrong path,leaving a healthy life, a son and an affectionate wife,”but in return he did not get any reply except this.
"You should be a good one,"Steel said and moved up the gun with the same quickness,a sound of gun stopped the time for a moment and then Steel smiled a little bit and then fell down,his one hand was in a pocket and the other holding his gun,at last the story of  twenty years ended in just twenty seconds Goku killed his father,we were in a dilemma as to what we should do,burst with happiness or give some help to Goku in that sad time,Mr Yaseen moved towards him.
 “You had killed him, the man who killed  a hundred is now himself dead lying on the floor without having help”, Goku bent down on his knees near his dead father,we also moved closer to him .I put my hand on his shoulders,and he burst into tears.
"You had done the right thing Goku, it was only good for the well being of the human society,"I said, but it was seeming that Goku was not listening anything ,he pulled his father's hand out of his pocket.
 I don't know that why did he do that, but he had,  there was one another paper in Robin steel’s hand which was held quite tight.
"What's that?"Sir exclaimed  ,Goku pulled out the paper and then opened it, it was a letter wrote for him.
"Dear Gopal,I don't know whether you like me or not but I would like to say sorry to you for the troubles which you had to suffer,it was my dream that someone who is like me should defeat me or more probably to kill me,ok bye then ,a long time has passed until I met your mother ,she would be waiting me,best of luck."The letter stopped there only.
"He had already decided his death, he wanted to be killed by you Goku"Yaseen sir said.
"It would have make his glory down if someone else would have killed him,"he added but Goku didn't give any response,he put his hands beneath his dead father and then slowly picked him up.
"I would like to dig up the grave myself,"he said and moved towards the ground where we provided him with all the things that were needed .
For the next two hours he dug up regularly and refused to take any help,he was sweating hard but was doing it with the same pace,when the grave was ready, some more people from behind the house also came there though we didn't ask them who they were but they themselves told that they were the members of the group whose leader was lying quite there,when he was put into the grave all the people standing there were crying,but to our goodness Priyanshi also came there.
"I was knowing that you were only the one who was moving with us, you can fool everyone Goku but not the one who loves you,"she said when Goku had completed with his work.At last after so much of pain there was a happy thing for Goku that Priyanshi came to him.
"Your father was really a great man,such shooters born after thousands take birth "a member of the group with a black face,said.

                                 


                                       CH-16
    THE EXAMS AND THE REVEAL OF TRUTH
After five days we were there in our school sitting for the exams, Mr Whittaker was our invigilator, though we were not knowing much but then also we gave it happily,one day before our results my parents came to me along with my brother and his wife it was the happiest moment in my life ever,I don't know who called them but they were there, and not only I was so lucky, Farhans parents were also there with his sister and they were looking quite happy together,Mr Ashlesh was again our  principal.
"I hope you would have liked your friends gift,"he said to both of us when we were near his office.
"What? Goku called them here."
"Yes, he wrote them three days before and they are here now,he had just tried to decrease your problems you are quite lucky to have such a friend, you know,"he said.
"Yes we know that, but where he is?"Farhan asked him.
"Maybe with Priyanshi,she is under depression because her two or three papers were not good and your friend is helping her also,"he said pointing towards the garden chair where both of them were sitting,we also moved closer to them.
"You should be chill, forget about papers and think about the experiences which we had get,because the trophies carry dust but memories last for ever,"we heard him saying this.
"He is right,give a look to us, we are going to be at last that is sure, but then also we are happy,happy for the experiences which we had get and which will remain with us for our whole life"I said.
"And just see your good points you are so good at writing that will surely make you famous one day,"Farhan added.
"But what writing, I am poor at writing to such an extent that I even can't write a single paragraph without any mistake,"she replied.
"But you had written that matter of our speech that day."
"No I had not prepared anything."we were very much surprised with this.
"Then who wrote it?"we were looking at Goku constantly.
"So it was you only but how?Farhan asked
"So there is something which I can do finely"Goku replied with his usual smile.
"That is really good then, we were really not expecting that you will create such a thing."
"Boys we should have a little walk if you are not so busy?"Mr Ashlesh was also now with us.
"No sir we are not."
"Ok then please join me"he said,we would have walked a little bit  only when he started with his talks.
"That boy Saruki is now fine,enjoying with his shop,he was found behind the house with a black napkin."
"What was there in that black napkin sir?"Goku asked enthusiastically.
"Nothing great ,it was containing some gold coins and one piece of paper which was a letter which he had written to his son but never posted out,that Steel,or your father as Yaseen has told to me, killed him for money only but didn't find anything "sir stopped here for a moment.
“But sir,how he was killed ,there was nothing unusual on his body?”
“He was poisoned”sir replied ,we were feeling quite shameful that we were not able to make this point out.
"He is alive sir, Satyendra Bose is alive, he is not dead and also he was not a criminal, he is a good man sir",we were excepting a shocking reply from Mr Ashlesh when Goku said this but he didn't, he was just waving his hands on his long beards.
"Ok, that will be true if you are saying,"sir replied with a smile.
"He was not dead, only the world thought that he was dead  but he was not,"Goku added.
"Yeah it happens sometimes that the things are completely different from the one which the world thinks,take your sir only how strict and hard he is but then also fell in love at last,"he was pointing towards the way on which Mr Yaseen with the girl of that night was there giving kiss to each other,we laughed a little seeing them.
 "We should not disturb them"sir said and we moved forward.
"Sir you sent us to that graveyard,and it's haunted if we are not wrong,"but before I would have completed with my question sir started with himself.
"That was to check your braveness' and if now you are going to ask about that unusual grave than it was my work only, I only wrote those unique dates there and that heavy name,"sir was right I was going to ask this only.
"But sir why you chose us only for this, you would have taken someone else also."
Sir didn't say anything for once,"I was bounded with a promise,that I had done with your mother when she was on her last breath ,that her son,will one day become a famous detective and will himself catch Steel,so Satyendra Nath Bose had just go on with his promise,"
                                     The End
The old man blinked his eyes for a little bit and then took a deep sigh,in order to bring out his grandson from his story.
"So you were a detective grandpa."
"Yes I was”,the old man replied.
"What was your result, were you passed?”
"Yes we were passed, I and Farhan."
"Goku got failed?"
"No he was not failed he topped the school, it was his interest which took him to that position,he studied with his interest not because of anyone else,"the spectacled child was quite happy with it.
"So Mr Ashlesh was only Satyendra Nath Bose."
"Yes he was,and he fooled us so cleverly that we were not able to get a bit of doubt on him."
"Was there really any ghost in that house, the house of Mr Whittaker,"the boy was very keen to hear the answer.
"You should now go down, your mother will be waiting for you,"the old man tried to change the topic and he was successful also because at that time only the mother called her child and he rushed downwards,the old man Mr Rajendra Sharma was now again alone in the thoughts of his friends,who taught him the way to live.
                                     #####
Thank you for readingmy book..If you like it then please take a moment to leave me a reviewat your favourite retailer.

Thanks
Prakhar vyas



                          About the author
I (Prakhar vyas) is an Indian 16 year old boy.This is my first book which I created with the help of my beloved ones.It is a long lasting experience for me and please contact me if you like my book.


                       Cnnect with me:
Friend me on facebook :http//facebook.com/prakhar vyas


MAIL ME AT-prakhar vyas 77@gmail.com
