

The Essential Robert Bloch, Volume 2

copyright ©2021 by Christopher Broschell.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced of transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system without permission in writing from the publisher.

Contents
Introduction
Black Lotus
The Feast in the Abbey
The Secret in the Tomb
The Suicide in the Study
The Druidic Doom
The Faceless God
The Grinning Ghoul
The Opener of the Way
The Dark Demon
Mother of Serpents
Fangs of Vengeance
The Brood of Bubastis
The Creeper in the Crypt
Death Is an Elephant
The Sorcerer’s Jewel
Black Bargain
Philtre Tip
What Every Young Ghoul Should Know
The Secret of Sebek
The Eyes of the Mummy
Fane of the Black Pharaoh
Return to the Sabbath
The Mandarin's Canaries
The Hound of Pedro
Waxworks
Introduction
Robert Bloch has more than a few claims to fame – he was a member of the Lovecraft Circle, a group of  writers who first corresponded with the legendary H. P. Lovecraft, and then continued his writing style in the Cthulhu world. Another thing he is known for is writing three classic Star Trek episodes: Catspaw, What Little Girls Are Made of? and Wolf in the Fold which were the Halloween, weird android duplicate and Jack the Ripper episodes. But Robert Bloch’s biggest claim to fame was a 1959 novel about a murderous hotel owner named Norman Bates, which was made into the classic Hitchcock movie Psycho. Here now are twenty-five Bloch stories.

Black Lotus

This is the story of Genghir the dreamer, and of the curious fate that overtook him in his dreams; a story old men whisper in the souks of Ispahan as other old men once whispered it in fabled Teraz, five thousand years ago. What portion of it is truth and what portion only fantasy, I leave unto your judgment. There are strange sayings in the banned books, and Alhazred had reasons for his madness; but as I have said, the judgment rests with you. I but relate the tale. 
Know then that Genghir was lord over a distant kingdom in the days of the griffin and the fleet-winged unicorn. Rich and powerful was his domain, and peaceful and well-ruled withal, so that its sovereign need occupy himself only with his pleasures. 
Handsome was Genghir, but formed as a woman is formed, so that he cared not for the chase or manly combat. His days were spent in rest and study, and his nights in revelry amongst the women. The functions of government rested upon the shoulders of Hassim el Wadir, the Vizier, whilst the true sultan dallied at his pleasures. 
Grievous was the life he led, and soon the land was torn by dissension and corruption. But this Genghir heeded not at all, and Hassim he ordered flayed for misuse of his office. And there was revolution and killing throughout the land; and then a fearful plague arose; but all this Genghir minded not, even though two-thirds of his people died. For his thoughts were alien and far away, and the weight of his rule he felt as but a feather. His eyes knew only the musty pages of ensorcelled books and the soft white flesh of women. The witchery of words and wine and wenches cast a spell upon his senses. There was dark magic in the black-bound books his father had brought from ancient, conquered realms, and there was enchantment in the old wines and the young bodies that his desires knew; so that he lived in a land of unreality and dreams. Surely he would have died were it not that those left in the land, after the plague, had fled to other kingdoms, leaving him in an empty city. The report of their going never reached his ears, for well his courtiers knew that those who brought displeasing news were beheaded. But one by one they slipped away, taking with them gold and precious jewels, until the palace lay deserted under a sun that shone upon a barren land. 
No longer did the women rest within the zenana, or disport as nymphs beside the amber pools. The sultan turned to other pleasures from the realms of Cathay, and in robes of velvet black he lay and toyed with the juices of the poppy. Then did life become indeed but a dream, and the opium-visioned nightmares took on the semblances of events and places mentioned in the eldritch volumes that he read by day. Time became but as the lengthening of a monstrous dream. Genghir ventured forth into his gardens no more, and less and less did he partake of food or wine. Even his books he forgot and lay for all the time in a drugged sleep, nor heeded the coming and going of the few followers that remained within his retinue. And a silence of desolation fell upon the land. 
Now it came to pass that opium and other drugs were not enough, so that Genghir was forced to seek recourse in other and more potent distillations. And in one of the curious evil books he read of a subtle potion brewed from the juices of the Black Lotus that grows beneath the waning moon. Dire and dreadful were the warnings of the scribe regarding the concoction of this forbidden preparation, for its genesis was deemed unholy, and the dangers surrounding its use by a novice were couched in trenchant terms. But Genghir thirsted for the lurid magic of its dreams and for the promise of its delight, nor would he be content until he should taste of its forbidden ecstasy. 
His palace stood dim and deserted, for in the latter days the remnant of his sycophants and houris had departed from the dusky halls whose cheap splendours had long since been bartered for the true delights found only in the land of opiate dreams. There now remained but three faithful servitors to guard Genghir on his couch of visions, and these he called unto his side and commanded them to journey forth and seek the venom-distilled beauty of the Black Lotus, in the hidden swamps afar of which the cryptic book had told. And they were much afraid, both for him and for themselves, because they had heard curious legends; with one accord they beseeched him to recall his words. But he grew angered, and his eyes were seen to flame like opals, whereat they departed. 
A fortnight passed ere one of them returned— a fortnight during which the dreamer tried in vain to beguile his satiated senses with the common reek of the white flower. Overjoyed was he when the slave returned with his precious burden and brewed from it the blissful juices of nepenthe, following the injunctions set forth in the curious book. But he did not speak of his journey or venture aught concerning the fate of his two companions; and even the dazed dreamer wondered why he kept his features Veiled. In his eagerness he did not inquire, but was content to see the philtre carefully compounded and the pearly-hued liquor inserted in the nargileh. Immediately upon the completion of this task, the servitor departed, and no man knows the manner of his going, save that he lashed his camel far across the desert, riding as though possessed by demons. Genghir did not note his genii-beset progress, for already he was enraptured at the thought of what was to come. Indeed he had not stirred from his divan in the palace chambers, and in his brain was naught but the thirsty dement of desire for the strange new thrill foretold in the elder lore. Strange dreams were promised to him who durst inhale the fumes, dreams of which the old book dare not even hint — “Dreams which surpass Reality, or blend with it in new and unhallowed ways.” So spoke the scribes, but Genghir was not afraid, and heeded only the promise of delights it was said to hold. 
And so it was that he lay on his couch that evening and smoked his hookah alone in the deepening darkness, a dream-king in a land where all but dreams was dead. His divan overlooked the balcony high above the empty city, and as the moon rose, its crescent-given rays glistened upon the iridescent bubbling of the white fluid in the great bowl through which the smoke was drawn. Sweet indeed was the essence’s taste, sweeter than the honeycombs of Kashmir or the kisses of the chosen brides of Paradise. Slowly there came stealing over his senses a new and delightful languor — it was as if he were a creature free-born, a being of the boundless air. He gazed half-seeing at the bubbles, and suddenly they bubbled up, up, up, until they bathed the room in a veil of shimmering beauty, and he felt all identity vanish in their crystalline depths. 
Now ensued a period of profound and mystic sadness. He seemed to lie within the graven walls of a tomb, upon a slab of pale-white marble. Shrill funereal piping seemed to echo from afar, and his nostrils were titillated by the distilled aromatic incense of the sepulchral lily. He knew himself to be dead, and yet he retained the consciousness that was his own in life. The timelessness of common dreams was not his lot; centuries passed on leadenly, and he knew every second of their length as he lay within the tomb of his fathers; enmausoleumed upon a slab covered with stone that was carven with demon-given basilisks. 
Long after the odors and the music had faded from the darkness in which he lay came the advent of corruption. He felt his body grow bloatedly putrescent; felt his features coagulate and his limbs slough off into charnel, oozing slime. And even that was as an instant in the weary, dragging hours of his eternity there. So much longer did he lie bodiless that he lost all conscious recollection of ever having possessed one, and even the dust that had been his bones lost all significance to him. The past, present and future were as naught; and thus unconsciously Genghir had revealed unto him the basic mystery of life. 
Years later the crumbling walls clove thunderously asunder, and shards of debris covered over the decaying slab that now housed naught but an undying consciousness. And even they were overcast by dust and earth, until there was but nothingness to mark the sight of the proud tomb where once lay the lords of the house of Genghir. And the soul of Genghir was as nothingness alone amongst nothingness. 
Such was the substance of the first dream. As the flicker of his soul expired into everlasting darkness within the earth, Genghir awoke, and he was sweat-bathed, trembling with fear, and as pale as the death he feared. And anon he turned the pages of his book to where it spoke of the Lotus and its prophecies thereof and this he read: 
“The first dream shall foretell that which is to come.” 
Whereat Genghir grew much afraid, and closed the book in the silver moonlight, then lay back upon his couch and tried to sleep, and to forget. But then there came stealing upon his senses the subtly sweet odor of the essence, and its magic englamoured and engulfed, till he grew frantic with, the insidious craving for its sinister soothing. Forgotten was fear and prophetic warning; all dissolved into desire. His fumbling fingers found the hookah, his feverish lips closed upon the stem, and his being knew peace. 
But not for long. Once again the opaque mists of roseate, sweet voluptuousness parted and dissolved, and the enchantment of rapturous, ineffable bliss faded as a new vision supervened. 
He saw himself awaken and rise from the couch in the light of dawn, to gaze haggardly upon a new day. He saw the wretched agony of his being as the drug wore off its potency and left his body racked with spasms of exquisite pain. His head seemed to swell as if about to burst; his rotting, nightmare riven brain seemed to grow inside his skull and split his head asunder. He beheld his frantic groping about the deserted chamber, the mad capers of grotesque agony that made him tear his hair and foam epileptically at the mouth and gibber terribly as he clawed with twitching fingers at his temples. The white-hot mist of searing anguish sent him reeling to the floor, and then it seemed as though in his dream consciousness there came to him a horrible longing to be rid of his torment at any cost, and to escape from a living hell to a dead one. In his madness he cursed the book and the warning; cursed the ghastly lotus flower and its essence; cursed himself and his pain. And as the stark biting teeth of his torture bored still closer to the roots of his sanity, he saw himself drag his rigid, paralytic body to the outer balcony of his deserted palace, and with a grimace of agony greater than can be sensed by sanity, he raised himself slowly to the rail. Meanwhile, as he stood there, his head swelled and bloated to monstrous, unbelievable proportions, then burst rottenly asunder in a ghastly blob of gray and scarlet putrefaction, from which arose the stupefying scent of black lotuses. 
Then, with a single inarticulate cry of horror and despair, he crumpled and toppled from the balcony, to spatter himself in red madness upon the court below. 
At this instant he awoke, and his teeth shook inside his mouth as he gagged and retched in terrible repulsion. He felt old and decrepit, and the tide of life ebbed in his veins. He would have fainted were it not for the revivifying fumes of the nargileh that still smoldered beside him. Then unto himself he swore a mighty oath to abandon the ways of the dreamer forever, and rose to his feet and took unto himself the book and turned the pages to the passage of warning, wherein he read this rune: 
“The second dream shall show what might have been.” 
Then there descended upon him a resignation and a black despair. All of his life unrolled before him once again and he knew himself for what he was— a deluded fool. And he knew also that if he did not go back to his drugged slumber there would come to pass the horror of his second dream, as it foretold. So, wearily, and with curious wonder in his heart, he clasped the book to his bosom and betook himself once again to his couch in the moonlight. And his pale fingers lifted the hookah to his ashen lips once again and he once more knew the bliss of Nirvana. He was under the compulsion of a sorcerous thrall. 
Oh night-black lotus flower, that groweth beneath the River Nile! Oh, poisoned perfumer of all darkness, waving and weaving in the spells of moonlight! Oh cryptic magic that worketh only evil!... 
Genghir the Dreamer slept. But there was brooding ecstasy and mystic wonder in his dreams, and he knew the beauty that lies in twilight grottoes on the dark side of the moon, and his brow was fanned and his slumbers lulled by the pale wind that is the little gods who dance in paradise. And he stood alone in a sea of endless infinity, before a monstrous flower that beckoned great, hypnotic petals before his dream-dazed eyes, and whispered unto him a command. In his vision he glanced down to where a dagger hung by his side, in his jeweled stomacher of sultanship. 
And there came to him a sudden gleam of understanding. This before him was the Black Lotus, symbol of the evil that waits for men in sleep. It was casting a spell upon him that would lure him to death. He knew now the way of atonement for the past and the release of his enchantment — he must strike! 
But even as he moved, the great flower shot out one velvet petal steeped in the cloying scent that was a wind from the gate of heaven: And the black petal entwined itself about his neck like a loathsome and beautiful serpent, and with its succubae-like embrace sought to drown his senses in a sea of scented bliss. 
But Genghir would not be frustrated. The allurement of delight left him cold, but his numbing brain commanded him. He raised the silver dagger from his side and with a single blow, slashed off the twining coiler from his neck.
Then Genghir saw the flowers and the petals vanish, and he was left alone in a universe of mocking laughter; a dim world that rocked with leering mirth of idiotic gods. For an instant he awoke to see a ruby necklace encircling his bare throat; to realize monstrously that in his dream he had cut his own throat. Then, on a bed of moonlight, he died, and there was silence in the deserted room, while from the dead throat of Genghir the Dreamer little drops of blood fell upon an open page of a curious book; upon a curious sentence in oddly underlined letters: 
“The third dream brings reality.” 
Nothing more remained, save the all-pervading scent of lotus flowers that filled the nighted room.

The Feast in the Abbey

A clap of thunder in the sullen west heralded the approach of night and storm together, and the sky deepened to a sorcerous black. Rain fell, the wind droned dolefully, and the forest pathway through which I rode became a muddy, treacherous, bog that threatened momentarily to ensnare both my steed and myself in its unwelcome embrace. A journey under such conditions is most in- auspicious; in consequence I was greatly heartened when shortly through the storm-tossed branches I discerned a flicker of hospitable light glimmering through mists of rain. 
Five minutes later I drew rein before the massive doors of a goodly-sized, venerable building of gray, moss-covered stone, which, from its extreme size and sanctified aspect, I rightly took to be a monastery. Even as I gazed thus perfunctorily upon it, I could see that it was a place of some importance, for it loomed most imposingly above the crumbled foundations of many smaller buildings which had evidently once surrounded it. 
The force of the elements, however, was such as to preclude all further inspection or speculation, and I was only too pleased when, in reply to my continued knocking, the great oaken door was thrown open and I stood face to face with a cowled man who courteously ushered me past the rain-swept portals into a well-lighted and spacious hallway. 
My benefactor was short and fat, garbed in voluminous gabardine, and from his ruddy, beaming aspect, seemed a very, pleasant and affable host. He introduced himself as the abbot Henricus, head of the monkish fraternity in whose headquarters I now found myself and begged me to accept the hospitality of the brethren until the inclemency of the weather had somewhat abated. 
In reply I informed him of my name and station and told him that I was journeying to keep tryst with my brother in Vironne, beyond the forest, but had been arrested in my journey by the storm. 
These civilities having been concluded, he ushered me past the paneled ante-chamber to the foot of a great staircase set in stone, that seemed hewn out of the very wall itself. Here he called out sharply in an incomprehensible tongue, and in a moment I was startled by the sudden appearance of two Moors, who seemed to have materialized out of nowhere, so swiftly silent had been their coming. Their stern ebony faces, kinky hair and rolling eyes, set off by a most outlandish garb — great, baggy trousers of red velvet and waists of cloth-of-gold, in Eastern fashion — intrigued me greatly, though they seemed curiously out of place in a Christian monastery. 
The abbot Henricus addressed them now in fluent Latin, bidding one to go without and care for my horse, and ordering the other to show me to an apartment above, where, he informed me, I could change my rain-bedraggled garments for a more suitable raiment, while awaiting the evening meal. 
I thanked my courteous host and followed the silent automaton up the great stone staircase. The flickering torch of the giant servitor cast arabesque shadows upon bare stone walls of great age and advanced decrepitude; clearly the structure was very old. Indeed, the massive walls that rose outside must have been constructed in a bygone day, for the other buildings that presumably were contemporaneously erected beside this had long since fallen into irremediable, unrecognizable decay. 
Upon reaching the landing, my guide led me along a richly carpeted expanse of tessellated floor, between lofty walls tapestried and bedizened with draperies of black. Such velvet finery was most unseemly for a place of worship, to my mind. 
Nor was my opinion shaken by the sight of the chamber which was indicated as my own. It was fully as large as my father’s study at Nimes— its walls hung in Spanish velvets of maroon, of an elegance surpassed only by their bad taste in such a place. There was a bed such as would grace the palace of a king; furniture and other appurtenances were of truly regal magnificence. The Moor lighted a dozen mammoth candles in the silver candelabra that stood about the room, and then bowed and withdrew. 
Upon inspecting the bed I found thereupon the garments the abbot had designated for my use during the evening meal. These consisted of a suit of black velveteen with satin breeches and hose of a corresponding hue, and a sable surplice. Upon doffing my travel-worn apparel I found that they fitted perfectly, albeit most somberly. 
During this time I engaged myself in observing the room more closely. I wondered greatly at the lavishness, display and ostentation, and more greatly still at the complete absence of any religious paraphernalia — not even a simple crucifix was visible. Surely this order must be a rich and powerful one; albeit a trifle worldly; perchance akin to those societies of Malta and Cyprus whose licentiousness and extravagance is the scandal of the world. 
As I thus mused there fell upon my ears the sounds of sonorous chanting that swelled symphonically from somewhere far below. Its measured cadence rose and fell solemnly as if it were borne from a distance incredible to human ears. It was subtly disturbing; I could distinguish neither words nor phrases that I knew, but the potent rhythm bewildered me. It welled, a malefic rune, fraught with insidious strange suggestion. Abruptly it ceased, and I breathed unconsciously a sigh of relief. But not an instant during the remainder of my sojourn was I wholly free from the spark of unease generated by the far-distant sound of that nameless, measured chanting from below. 

Never have I eaten a stranger meal than that which I partook of at the monastery of the abbot Henricus. The banquet hall was a triumph of ostentatious adornment. The meal took place in a vast chamber whose lofty eminence rose the entire height of the building to the arched and vaulted roof. The walls were hung with tapestries of purple and blood-royal, emblazoned with devices and escutcheons of noble, albeit to me un- known, significance. The banquet table itself extended the length of the chamber — at one end unto the double doors through which I had entered from the stairs; the other end was beneath a hanging balcony under which was the scullery entrance. About this vast festal board were seated some two-score churchmen in cowls and gabardines of black, who were already eagerly assailing the multitudinous array of foodstuffs with which the table was weighted. They scarcely ceased their gorging to nod a greeting when the abbot and I entered to take our place at the head of the table but continued to devour rapaciously the wonderful array of victuals set before them, accomplishing this task in a most unseemly fashion. The abbot neither paused to motion me to my seat nor to intone a blessing, but immediately followed the example of his flock and proceeded directly to stuff his belly with choice titbits before my astounded eyes. It was certain that these Flemish barbarians were far from fastidious in their table habits. The meal was accompanied by uncouth noises from the mouths of the feasters; the food was taken up in the fingers and the untasted remains cast upon the floor; the common decencies were often ignored. For a moment I was dumbfounded, but natural politeness came to my rescue, so that I fell to without further ado. 
Half a dozen of the servants glided silently about the board, replenishing the dishes or bearing platters filled with new and still more exotic viands. My eyes beheld marvels of cuisine upon golden platters — verily, but pearls were cast before swine? For these cowled and hooded brethren, monks though they were, behaved like abominable boors. They wallowed in every kind of fruit — great luscious cherries, honeyed melons, pomegranates and grapes, huge plums, exotic apricots, rare figs and dates. There were huge cheeses, fragrant and mellow; tempting soups; raisins, nuts, vegetables, and great smoking trays of fish, all served with ales and cordials that were as potent as the nectar of nepenthes. 
During the meal we were regaled with music from unseen lutes, wafted from the balconies above; music that triumphantly swelled in an ultimate crescendo as six servitors marched solemnly in bearing an enormous platter of massy, beaten gold, in which reposed a single haunch of some smoking meat, garnished with and redolent of aromatic spices. In profound silence they advanced and set down their burden in the center of the board, clearing away the giant candelabra and smaller dishes. Then the abbot rose, knife in hand, and carved the roast, the while muttering a sonorous invocation in an alien tongue. Slices of meat were apportioned to the monks of the assemblage on silver plates. A marked and definite interest was apparent in this ceremony; only politeness restrained me from questioning the abbot as to the significance of the company’s behavior. I ate a portion of my meat and said nothing. 
To find such barbaric dalliance and kingly pomp in a monastic order was indeed curious, but my curiosity was regrettably dulled by copious imbibing of the potent wines set before me at the table, in beaker, bumper, flask, flagon, and bejeweled cup. There were vintages of every age and distillation; curious fragrant potions of marvelous headiness and giddy sweetness that affected me strangely. 
The meat was peculiarly rich and sweet. I washed it down with great drafts from the wine-vessels that were now freely circulating about the table. The music ceased and the candle-glow dimmed imperceptibly into softer luminance. The storm still crashed against the walls without. The liquor sent fire through my veins, and odd fancies ran riot through my addled head. 
I sat almost stupefied when, the company’s trencherman-like appetites being at last satisfied, they proceeded, under influence of the wine, to break the silence observed during the meal by bursting into the chorus of a ribald song. Their mirth grew, and broad jests and tales were told, adding to the merriment. Lean faces were convulsed in lascivious laughter, fat paunches quivered with jollity. Some gave way to unseemly noise and gross gesture, and several collapsed beneath the table and were carried out by the silent servants. I could not help but contrast the scene with that in which I would have figured had I reached Vironne to take my meal at the board of my brother, the good cure. There would be no such noisome ribaldry there; I wondered vaguely if he was aware of this monastic order so close to his quiet parish. 
Then, abruptly, my thoughts returned to the company before me. The mirth and song had given place to less savory things as the candles dimmed and deepening shadows wove their webs of darkness about the banquet board. Talk turned to vaguely alarming channels, and cowled faces took on a sinister aspect in the wan and flickering light. As I gazed bemused about the board, I was struck by the peculiar pallor of the assembled faces; they shone whitely in the dying light as with a distorted mockery of death. Even the atmosphere of the room seemed changed; the rustling draperies seemed moved by unseen hands; shadows marched along the walls; hobgoblin shapes pranced in weird processional over the groined arches of the ceiling. The festal board looked bare and denuded — dregs of wine besmirched the linen; half-eaten viands covered the table’s expanse; the gnawed bones on the plates seemed grim reminders of mortal fate. 
T he conversation was ill-suited to further my peace of mind — it was far from the pious exhortations expected of such a company. Talk turned to ghosts and enchantments; old tales were told and infused with newer horror; legends recounted in broken whispers; hints of eldritch potency passed from wine-smeared lips in tones sepulchrally muted. 
I sat somnolent no longer; I was nervous with an increasing apprehension greater than I had ever known. It was almost as if I knew what was about to happen when at last, with a curious smile, the abbot began his tale and the monkish presences hushed their whispers and turned in their places to listen. 
At the same time a servant entered and deposited a small covered platter before his master, who regarded the dish for a moment before continuing his introductory remarks. 
It was fortunate (he began, addressing me) that I had ventured here to stay the evening, since there had been other travelers whose nocturnal sojourns in these woods had not reached so fortunate a termination. There was, for example, the legendary “Devil’s Monastery.” (Here he paused and coughed abstractedly before continuing.) 
According to the accepted folklore of the region, this curious place of which he spoke was an abandoned priory, deep in the heart of the woods, in which dwelt a strange company of the Undead, devoted to the service of Asmodeus. Often, upon the coming of darkness, the old ruins took on a preternatural semblance of their vanished glory, and the old walls were reconstructed by demon artistry to beguile the passing traveler. It was indeed fortunate that my brother had not sought me in the woods upon a night like this, for he might have blundered upon this accursed place and been bewitched into entrance; whereupon, according to the ancient chronicles, he would be seized, and his body devoured in triumph by the ghoulish acolytes that they might preserve their unnatural lives with mortal sustenance. 
All this was recounted in a whisper of unspeakable dread, as if it were somehow meant to convey a message to my bewildered senses. It did. As I gazed into the leering faces all about me I realized the import of those jesting words, the ghastly mockery that lay behind the abbot’s bland and cryptic smile. 

The Devil’s Monastery…sub-terrene chanting of the rites to Lucifer…blasphemous magnificence, but never the sign of the cross... an abandoned priory in the deep woods…wolfish faces glaring into my own…
Then, three things happened simultaneously. The abbot slowly lifted the lid of the small tray before him. (“Let us finish the meat,” I think he said.) Then I screamed. Lastly came the merciful thunderclap that precipitated me, the laughing monks, the abbot, the platter and the monastery into chaotic oblivion. 
When I awoke I lay rain-drenched in a ditch beside the mired pathway, in wet garments of black. My horse grazed in the forest ways near by, but of the abbey I could see no sign. I staggered into Vironne a half-day later, and already I was quite delirious, and when I reached my brother’s home I cursed aloud beneath the windows. But my delirium lapsed into raving madness when he who found me there told me where my brother had gone, and his probable fate, and I swooned away upon the ground. 
I can never forget that place, nor the chanting, nor the dreadful brethren, but I pray to God that I can forget one thing before I die: that which I saw before the thunderbolt; the thing that maddens me and torments me all the more in view of what I have since learned in Vironne. I know it is all true, now, and I can bear the knowledge, but I can never bear the menace nor the memory of what I saw when the abbot Henricus lifted up the lid of the small silver platter to disclose the rest of the meat…
It was the head of my brother.

The Secret in the Tomb

The wind howled strangely over a midnight tomb. The moon hung like a golden bat over ancient graves, glaring through the wan mist with its baleful, nyctalopic eye. Terrors not of the flesh might lurk among cedar-shrouded sepulchers or creep unseen amid shadowed cenotaphs, for this was unhallowed ground. But tombs hold strange secrets, and there are mysteries blacker than the night, and more leprous than the moon.
It was in search of such a secret that I came, alone and unseen, to my ancestral vault at midnight. My people had been sorcerers and wizards in the olden days, so lay apart from the resting-place of other men, here in this moldering mausoleum in a forgotten spot, surrounded only by the graves of those who had been their servants. But not all the servants lay here, for there are those who do not die.
On through the mist I pressed, to where the crumbling sepulcher loomed among the brooding trees. The wind rose to torrential violence as I trod the obscure pathway to the vaulted entrance, extinguishing my lantern with malefic fury. Only the moon remained to light my way in a luminance unholy. And thus I reached the nitrous, fungus-bearded portals of the family vault. Here the moon shone upon a door that was not like other doors-a single massive slab of iron, imbedded in monumental walls of granite. Upon its outer surface was neither handle, lock nor keyhole, but the whole was covered with carvings portentous of a leering evil-cryptic symbols whose allegorical significance filled my soul with a deeper loathing than mere words can impart. There are things that are not good to look upon, and I did not care to dwell too much in thought on the possible genesis of a mind whose knowledge could create such horrors in concrete form. So in blind and trembling haste I chanted the obscure litany and performed the necessary obeisance demanded in the ritual I had learned, and at their conclusion the cyclopean portal swung open.
Within was darkness, deep, funereal, ancient; yet, somehow, uncannily alive. It held a pulsing adumbration, a suggestion of muted, yet purposeful rhythm, and overshadowing all, an air of black, impinging revelation. The simultaneous effect upon my consciousness was one of those reactions misnamed intuitions. I sensed that shadows know strange secrets, and there are some skulls that have reason to grin.
Yet I must go on into the tomb of my forebears-tonight the last of all our line would meet the first. For I was the last. Jeremy Strange had been the first-he who fled from the Orient to seek refuge in centuries-old Eldertown, bringing with him the loot of many tombs and a secret for ever nameless. It was he who had built his sepulcher in the twilight woods where the witch-lights gleam, and here he had interred his own remains, shunned in death as he had been in life. But buried with him was a secret, and it was this that I had come to seek. Nor was I the first in so seeking, for my father and his father before me, indeed, the eldest of each generation back to the days of Jeremy Strange himself, had likewise sought that which was so maddeningly described in the wizard’s diary-the secret of eternal life after death. The musty yellowed tome had been handed down to the elder son of each successive generation, and likewise, so it seemed, the dread atavistic craving for black and accursed knowledge, the thirst for which, coupled with the damnably explicit hints set forth in the warlock’s record, had sent every one of my paternal ancestors so bequeathed to a final rendezvous in the night, to seek their heritage within the tomb. What they found, none could say, for none had ever returned.

It was, of course, a family secret. The tomb was never mentioned-it had, indeed, been virtually forgotten with the passage of years that had likewise eradicated many of the old legends and fantastic accusations about the first Strange that had once been common property in the village. The family, too, had been mercifully spared all knowledge of the curse-ridden end to which so many of its men had come. Their secret delving into black arts; the hidden library of antique lore and demonological formulae brought by Jeremy from the East; the diary and its secret-all were undreamt of save by the eldest sons. The rest of the line prospered. There had been sea captains, soldiers, merchants, statesmen. Fortunes were won. Many departed from the old mansion on the cape, so that in my father’s time he had lived there alone with the servants and myself. My mother died at my birth, and it was a lonely youth I spent in the great brown house, with a father half-crazed by the tragedy of my mother’s end and shadowed by the monstrous secret of our line. It was he who initiated me into the mysteries and arcana to be found amid the shuddery speculations of such blasphemies as the Necronomicon, the Book of Eibon, the Cabala of Saboth, and that pinnacle of literary madness, Ludvig Prinn’s Mysteries of the Worm. There were grim treatises on anthropomancy, necrology, lycanthropic and vampirish spells and charms, witchcraft, and long, rambling screeds in Arabic, Sanskrit and prehistoric ideography, on which lay the dust of centuries.
All these he gave me, and more. There were times when he would whisper strange stories about voyages he had taken in his youth-of islands in the sea, and strange survivals spawning dreams beneath arctic ice. And one night he told me of the legend, and the tomb in the forest; and together we turned the worm-riddled pages of the iron-bound diary that was hidden in the panel above the chimney-corner. I was very young, but not too young to know certain things, and as I swore to keep the secret as so many had sworn before me, I had a funny feeling that the time had come for Jeremy to claim his own. For in my father’s somber eyes was the same light of dreadful thirst for the unknown, curiosity, and an inward urge that had glowed in the eyes of all the others before him, previous to the time they had announced their intention of “going on a trip” or “joining up” or “attending to a business matter.” Most of them had waited till their children were grown, or their wives had passed on; bur whenever they had left, and whatever their excuse, they had never returned.
Two days later, my father disappeared, after leaving word with the servants that he was spending the week in Boston. Before the month was out, there was the usual investigation, and the usual failure. A will was discovered among my father’s papers, leaving me as sole heir, bur the books and the diary were secure in the secret rooms and panels known now to me alone.
Life went on. I did the usual things in the usual way-attended university, traveled, and returned at last to the house on the hill, alone. But with me I carried a mighty determination-I alone could thwart that curse; I alone could grasp the secret that had cost the lives of seven generations-and I alone must do so. The world had naught to offer one who had spent his youth in the study of the mocking truths that lie beyond the outward beauties of a purposeless existence, and I was not afraid. I dismissed the servants, ceased communication with distant relatives and a few close friends, and spent my days in the hidden chambers amid the elder lore, seeking a solution or a spell of such potency as would serve to dispel for ever the mystery of the tomb.
A hundred times I read and reread that hoary script-the diary whose fiend-penned promise had driven men to doom. I searched amid the satanic spells and cabalistic incantations of a thousand forgotten necromancers, delved into pages of impassioned prophecy, burrowed into secret legendary lore whose written thoughts writhed through me like serpents from the pit. It was in vain. All I could learn was the ceremony by which access could be obtained to the tomb in the wood. Three months of study had worn me to a wraith and filled my brain with the diabolic shadows of charnel-spawned knowledge, but that was all. And then, as if in mockery of madness, there had come the call, this very night.

I had been seated in the study, pondering upon a maggot-eaten volume of Heiriarchus’ Occultus, when without warning, I felt a tremendous urge keening through my weary brain. It beckoned and allured with unutterable promise, like the mating-cry of the lamiae of old; yet at the same time it held an inexorable power whose potence could not be defied or denied. The inevitable was at hand. I had been summoned to the tomb. I must follow the beguiling voice of inner consciousness that was the invitation and the promise, that sounded my soul like the ultra-rhythmic piping of trans-cosmic music. So I had come, alone and weaponless, to the lonely woods and to that wherein I would meet my destiny.
The moon rose redly over the manor as I left, but I did not look back. I saw its reflection in the waters of the brook that crept between the trees, and in its light the water was as blood. Then the fog rose silently from the swamp, and a yellow ghost-light rode the sky, beckoning me on from behind the black and bloated trees whose branches, swept by a dismal wind, pointed silently toward the distant tomb. Roots and creepers impeded my feet, vines and brambles restrained my body, but in my ears thundered a chorus of urgency that can not be described and which could not be delayed, by nature or by man.
Now, as I hesitated upon the door-step, a million idiot voices gibbered an invitation to enter that mortal mind could not withstand. Through my brain resounded the horror of my heritage-the insatiable craving to know the forbidden, to mingle and become one with it. A paean of hell-born music crescendoed in my ears, and earth was blotted out in a mad urge that engulfed all being.
I paused no longer upon the threshold. I went in, in where the smell of death filled the darkness that was like the sun over Yuggoth. The door closed, and then came-what? I do not know-I only realized that suddenly I could see and feel and hear, despite darkness, and dankness, and silence.
I was in the tomb. Its monumental walls and lofty ceiling were black and bare, lichen covered by the passage of centuries. In the center of the mausoleum stood a single slab of black marble. Upon it rested a gilded coffin, set with strange symbols, and covered by the dust of ages. I knew instinctively what it must contain, and the knowledge did not serve to put me at my ease. I glanced at the floor, then wished I hadn’t. Upon the debris-strewn base beneath the slab lay a ghastly, disarticulated group of mortuary remains-half-fleshed cadavers and desiccated skeletons. When I though of my father and the others, I was possessed of a sickening dismay. They too had sought, and they had failed. And now I had come, alone, to find that which had brought them to an end unholy and unknown. The secret! The secret in the tomb!
Mad eagerness filled my soul. I too would know-I must! As in a dream I swayed to the gilded coffin. A moment I tottered above it; then, with a strength born of delirium, I tore away the paneling and lifted the gilded lid, and then I knew it was no dream, for dreams can not approach the ultimate horror that was the creature lying within the coffin-that creature with eyes like a midnight demon’s, and a face of loathsome delirium that was like the death-mask of a devil. It was smiling, too, as it lay there, and my soul shrieked in the tortured realization that it was alive! Then I knew it all; the secret and the penalty paid by those who sought it, and I was ready for death, but horrors had not ceased, for even as I gazed it spoke, in a voice like the hissing of a black slug.
And there within the nighted gloom it whispered the secret, staring at me with ageless, deathless eyes, so that I should not go mad before I heard the whole of it. All was revealed-the secret crypts of blackest nightmare where the tomb-spawn dwell, and of a price whereby a man may become one with the ghouls, living after death as a devourer in darkness. Such a thing had it become, and from this shunned, accursed tomb had sent the call to the descending generations, that when they came, there might be a ghastly feast whereby it might continue a dread, eternal life. I (it breathed) would be the next to die, and in my heart I knew that it was so.
I could not avert my eyes from its accursed gaze, nor free my soul from its hypnotic bondage. The thing on the bier cackled with unholy laughter. My blood froze, for I saw two long, lean arms, like the rotted limbs of a corpse, steal slowly toward my fear-constricted throat. The monster sat up, and even in the clutches of my horror, I realized that there was a dim and awful resemblance between the creature in the coffin and a certain ancient portrait back in the Hall. But this was a transfigured reality-Jeremy the man had become Jeremy the ghoul; and I knew that it would do no good to resist. Two claws, cold as flames of icy hell, fastened around my throat, two eyes bored like maggots through my frenzied being, a laughter born of madness alone cachinnated in my ears like the thunder of doom. The bony fingers tore at my eyes and nostrils, held me helpless while yellow fangs champed nearer and nearer to my throat. The world spun, wrapped in a mist of fiery death.
Suddenly the spell broke. I wrenched my eyes away from that slavering, evil face, and instantly, like a cataclysmic flash of light, came realization. This creature’s power was purely mental-by that alone were my ill-fated kinsmen drawn here, and by that alone were they overcome, but once one were free from the strength of the monster’s awful eyes-good God! Was I going to be the victim of a crumbled mummy?
 

My right arm swung up, striking the horror between the eyes. There was a sickening crunch; then dead flesh yielded before my hand as I seized the now faceless lich in my arms and cast it into fragments upon the bone-covered floor. Streaming with perspiration and mumbling in hysteria and terrible revulsion, I saw the moldy fragments move even in a second death-a severed hand crawled across the flagging, upon musty, shredded fingers; a leg began to roll with the animation of grotesque, unholy life. With a shriek, I cast a lighted match upon that loathsome corpse, and I was still shrieking as I clawed open the portals and rushed out of the tomb and into the world of sanity, leaving behind me a smoldering fire from whose charred heart a terrible voice still faintly moaned its tortured requiem to that which had once been Jeremy Strange.
The tomb is razed now, and with it the forest graves and all the hidden chambers and manuscripts that serve as a reminder of ghoul-ridden memories that can never be forgot. For earth hides a madness and dreams a hideous reality, and monstrous things abide in the shadows of death, lurking and waiting to seize the souls of those who meddle with forbidden things.


The Suicide in the Study

To see him sitting there in the dim-lit darkness of the study, one would have never suspected him for what he was. Wizards nowadays are not garbed in cabalistic robes of silver and black; instead they wear purple dressing-gowns. It is not required of them that their eyebrows meet, their nails grow long as talons, and their eyes flame like emerald-imprisoned dreams. Nor are they necessarily bent and furtive, and old. This one was not; he was young and slim, almost imperially straightforward.
He sat beneath the lamplight in the great oak-paneled room; a dark, handsome man of perhaps thirty-five years of age. There was little of cruelty or malice visible in his keen, clear-featured face, and little of madness in his eyes; yet he was a wizard, just as surely as if he lurked over human sacrifices in the skull-strewn darkness of forbidden tombs.
It was only necessary for one to survey the walls of his study for corroboration. Only a wizard would possess those moldering, maggoty volumes of monstrous and fantastic lore; only a thaumaturgical adept would dare the darker mysteries of the Necronomicon, Ludvig Prinn’s Mysteries of the Worm, the Black Rites of mad Luveh-Keraph, priest of Bast, or Comte d’Erlette’s ghastly Cultes des Goules. No one save a sorcerer would have access to the ancient manuscripts bound in Ethiopian skin or burn such rich and aphrodisiac incense in an enshrined skull. Who else would fill the mercifully cloaking darkness of the room with curious relics, mortuary souvenirs from ravished graves, or worm-demolished scrolls of primal dread?
Superficially, it was a normal room that night, and its occupant a normal man. But for proof of its inherent strangeness it was not necessary to glance at the skull, the book-cases, or the grim, shadow-shrouded remains, to know its occupant for what he was. For James Allington wrote in his secret diary tonight, and his musings were far from sanity.
 

“Tonight I am ready to make the test. I am convinced at last that splitting of the identity can be accomplished by means of therapeutic hypnotism, provided that the mental attitude conducive to such a partition can be induced.
“Fascinating subject, that. Dual identity-the dream of men from the beginning of time! Two souls in one body…all philosophy is based on comparative logic: good and evil. Why, then, can not such a division exist in the human soul? Stevenson was only partly right when he wrote Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. He imagined a chemical metamorphosis varying from one extreme to the other. I believe that both identities are co-existent; that, once they are separated by autohypnotic thought, a man can enjoy two existences simultaneously – his good self and his bad.
“They laughed at my theory in the club. Foster – that pompous old fool! – called me a dreamer. Dreamer? What does he, a petty scientific chemist, know of the basic mysteries of Life and Death? A glimpse into my laboratory would shock his smug soul into insanity. The others, too; mob-catering writers, pedantic fossils who call themselves professors, prim biologists who are shocked at the mention of my experiments in synthetic creation of life-what do such as these understand? They would shudder at the Necronomicon; burn it, too, if they could; burn it as their pious ancestors did three hundred years ago. Witch-baiters, skeptics, materialists all! I’m sick of the whole silly pack of them. It is the fate of the genius to dwell alone. Very well, then, I’ll dwell alone – but soon they will come cringing to my door and beg for mercy!
“If my work tonight only succeeds! If I can succeed in hypnotizing myself into dual personality, physically manifested! Even modern psychology claims it can be done. Spiritualism credits its possibilities. The ancients have furnished me the key to the problem, as they have done before…Alhazred knew many things-it was only the weight of the knowledge that drove him mad.
“Two bodies! Once I can achieve that state at will, I shall hold the key to powers for ever denied to men. Immortality, perhaps; it is only a step further. After that there will be no need of skulking here in secret; no necessity of passing my research off as a harmless hobby. Dreamer, eh? I’ll show them!
“I wonder what the other shape will look like? Will it be human? It must, otherwise-but I had better not think of that. It is quite probable that it will be an ugly-looking customer. I do not flatter myself. I know that the evil side of my nature, while concealed, is undoubtedly dominant. There is danger, though-evil is an uncontrollable force in its purest form. It will draw strength from my body, too-energy to manifest itself physically. But that must not deter me. I must make the test. If it succeeds I shall have power-power undreamt of-power to kill, to rend, to destroy! I shall add to my little collection here and settle a few old scores with my skeptical friends. After that there will be other pleasant things to do.
“But enough of such musings. I must begin. I shall lock the study doors; the servants have gone out for the evening and there will be no one to intrude upon my privacy. I dare not risk using an electrically manipulated machine for fear of some untoward consequences in removing the hypnosis. I shall try to induce a hypnotic trance by concentrating intently on this heavy, polished paper-knife here on my desk. Meanwhile, I shall focus my will on the matter at hand, using the Soul Chant of Sebek as a focal point.
“I shall set the alarm for twelve o’clock, exactly one hour from now. Its ringing will break the spell. That, I believe, is all I need bother to do. As an added precaution, I shall burn this record. Should anything go wrong, I would hate to have all my little plans disclosed to the world.
“Nothing shall go wrong, however. I have used auto-hypnosis many times before, and I will be very careful. It will be a marvelous feeling to control two bodies at once. I can hardly control myself-I find my body trembling in eagerness and anticipation of its forthcoming metamorphosis. Power!
“Very well. After this report is reduced to ashes I shall be ready-ready to undertake the greatest experiment man has ever known.”
James Allington sat before the shaded lamp. Before him on the table lay the paper-knife, its polished blade shimmering. Only the slow ticking of a clock broke the sable silence of the locked room. The wizard’s eyes were glassy; they shone in the light, immobile as a basilisk’s. The reflection from the surface of the knife stabbed through his retina like the fiery ray of a burning sun, but his trance-like gaze never wavered.
Who knows what strange inversion was occurring in the dreamer’s bewitched brain; what subtle transmutation generated from his purpose? He had fallen into his sleep with the fixed resolve of severing his soul, dividing his personality, bisecting his ego. Who knows? Hypnotism does many strange things. What secret Powers did he invoke to aid him in his fight? What black genesis of unholy life lurked within the shadows of his inner consciousness; what demons of leering evil granted him his dark desires?
For granted they were. Suddenly he awoke, and he could feel that he was no longer alone in that nighted room. He felt the presence of another, there in the darkness on the other side of the table.
Or was it another? Was it not he, himself? He glanced down at his body and was unable to suppress a gasp of astonishment. He seemed to have shrunk to less than a quarter of his ordinary size! His body was light, fragile, dwarfed. For a moment he was incapable of thought or movement. His eyes strayed to the corner of the room, trying vainly to see the gloom-obstructed movements of a presence that shambled there.
Then things happened. Out of the darkness nightmare came; stark, staring nightmare-a monstrous, hairy figure; huge, grotesque, simian-a hideous travesty of all things human. It was black madness; slavering, mocking madness with little red eyes of wisdom old and evil; leering snout and yellow fangs of grimacing death. It was like a rotting, living skull upon the body of a black ape. It was grisly and wicked, troglodytic and wise.
A monstrous thought assailed Allington. Was this his other self-this ghoul-spawned, charnel horror of corpse-accursed dread?
Too late the wizard realized what had befallen him. His experiment had succeeded, but terribly so. He had not realized how far the evil in his nature had outbalanced the good. This monster-this grisly abomination of darkness-was stronger than he was, and, being solely evil, it was not mentally controlled by his other self. Allington viewed it now with new fear in his eyes. It was like a creature from the Pit. All that was foul and obscene and anti-human in his makeup lay behind that grinning parody of a countenance. The beast-like body hinted of shadows that creep beneath the grave or lurk entombed within the deepest recesses of normal minds. Yet in it Allington recognized a mad, atavistic caricature of himself-all the lust, the greed, the insane ambition, the cruelty, the ignorance; the fiend-spawned secrets of his soul within the body of a gigantic ape!
As if in answer to his recognition, the creature laughed, and tentacles of horror gripped the wizard’s heart. The thing was coming toward him – it meant to destroy him, as evil always does. Allington, his tiny body ludicrously struggling to move quickly while impeded by clothes now ridiculously large for his diminutive frame, raced from his chair and flattened himself against the wall of the study. His voice, curiously treble, shrieked frantic supplication and futile commands to the approaching nemesis. His prayers and curses turned to the hoarse gibbering of madness as the huge beast lunged across the table. His experiment was succeeding with a vengeance…vengeance! His glaring eyes watched, fascinated, as one great paw grasped the paper-knife, and fearsome laughter riddled the night. It was laughing …laughing! Somewhere an alarm-clock rang, but the wizard could not hear…
They found James Allington lying dead upon his study floor. There was a paper-knife imbedded in his breast, and they called it suicide, since no one could possibly have entered that locked and windowless room. But that did not explain the fingerprints on the handle of the knife – the terrible fingerprints – like those left by the hand of a gigantic ape.

The Druidic Doom

It is written in the chronicles of olden days that the elder lore shall never die. Many savants concur in this view, and though the world may scoff, occasionally there arises some strange and dreadful proof in the shape of a mystery that cannot otherwise be explained. The ancient legends still remain, and they are still believed by the poor and the humble. These will always believe, for there will always be unusual occurrences which neither science nor religion can adequately explain and combat. I do not profess to espouse one side of the argument or another —I can but tell a story which I heard long ago in a land where the dark fables still hold sway. 

They say on the coast that when Sir Charles Hovoco came to Nedwick he was a proud and wilful man. He had trampled his way into the baronetcy as he had trampled his way in other affairs —business, political, and social. At thirty-eight this grubby, florid citizen was a “self-made” man. He was not, from the accounts I gathered, a likable sort of person. He was too beefy, too matter-of-fact and hard-headed. In his rise from Whitechapel slums to the pinnacle of industrial success there had been little of esthetic endeavor and much of greed and ruthless cunning. Consequently, upon his accession to the Nedwick estates, he had made no attempts to ingratiate himself with the local citizenry, but merely ignored their presence. 
This lack of tact was not overlooked by the neighboring rustics in the village. A strange lot they were, steeped in archaic tradition, and not fond of outsiders. They disliked Sir Charles from the start, but they all seemed genuinely sorry for him when they learned of his fate. Some of them, however, seem to imply that there was an element of poetic justice in his tragic demise. If the man had not been so stupid, he would have heeded the warnings they had given him, and the tragedy might never have occurred. But poor Hovoco had merely laughed at their old wives’ tales and blundered on upon his predetermined way. Therefore he died, because he did not understand. 
When Sir Charles came to Nedwick House he found it in a lamentable state of decay; a condition he proceeded to remedy by importing a crew of artisans from Birmingham and renovating the edifice completely, both without and within. He had the left gable completely demolished and erected a new-wing jutting out from the main hall. Also he installed a heating-system and modem plumbing. 
All this did not endear him to the country folk, who cherish the sacred memories of bygone days. To them this bustle of radical activity amounted to sacrilege and insulted the Nedwickian traditions. The bland and confident way in which Sir Charles ignored their comments also met with their disfavor. He even had the temerity to order several of the more critical spectators off the premises, as these worthies stood scrutinizing the laborer’s handiwork. 
After that a distinct coolness manifested itself between the village and the manor. This coolness extended to the imported help as well, who were hard put to find board and lodging in the town below. Food for the new master was exorbitantly priced, and most carelessly delivered to the back door of the establishment. Sir Charles neither knew nor cared. He knew nothing of the townsmen, and very little about his new estate. 
Upon the completion of the restoration and the subsequent departure of the laborers, Sir Charles proceeded to remedy his ignorance concerning his recent acquisition. He took long rustic rambles over the moor, and wandered down the narrow lanes that ran between the rocky, stunted acres of pasturage. What he saw did not altogether meet with his approval. The picturesque wildness of this rugged domain failed to please his practical eye. The gnarled trees and scrubby vistas of underbrush were merely impediments to profitable cultivation; the rocky meadows signified only the fact that the land was not suitable for grazing. 
He climbed to the top of a smoke-ringed hill and surveyed his kingdom with a discontented eye. This would never do! Tangled brush and boulder-strewn fields were all very well for the fox-hunting aristocracy, but Sir Charles Hovoco was made of more rational stuff. There was simply no reason for all this fertile land going to waste; with a little clearage these broad acres would yield him quite a tidy sum of money. The fact that he already had plenty of money did not figure in his calculations. Sir Charles did not countenance waste, in any form. Even he, blind as he was, realized the possibilities of objections from the peasantry. He was familiar enough with the time-honored customs which decreed the sacredness of the “right-of-way” through the land of a lord, and which held the violation of such privileges as nothing short of criminal. He vaguely understood how these folk were attached to the soil, and how the desecration of the familiar landmarks and alteration of the customary arrangements might lead to considerable annoyance. But this did not deter him. After all, precedent or no precedent, it was his land. He had paid a pretty price for his eminence and would continue to render heavy tribute in the form of a sizable tax. The peasantry could go hang! He would go ahead. 
Before carrying out this somewhat rash resolution, he made several more inspection tours. It was on the third of these trips that he stumbled upon the altar. 
It stood on a forest-ringed hilltop, very near to the moor. He came upon it late in the afternoon, at the conclusion of a long and arduous journey through the more adjacent portions of his property. The surrounding landscape held hints of great antiquity. The trees in the small grove were very thick, and tremendously old. The hoary stumps in the clearing were even more aged. The soil, nevertheless, was incredibly rich; seemingly it had never been tilled. The little hill on which the altar was raised seemed to be particularly fertile, though at present it was given over to a lush crop of mushrooms and toadstools. 
The sight of such extravagant laxity irritated Sir Charles. He would have both trees and altar removed immediately. 
He climbed the sloping mound and examined the stone that was reared upon it. It was a large boulder, smooth and very white, with a flat, tabled top. This tabled top bore some rusty stains—probably the ravages of the years; for the stone, like the surrounding glade, was very old. Why Hovoco thought so he could not say; it simply seemed to exude a quality of age. It was very heavy, and the base was firmly sunk into the sod, but Sir Charles soon decided that the altar was artificially placed. It seemed much too heavy a rock to be indigenous to the spot; the other glacial boulders were much smaller and were of a distinctly limestone formation. This had obviously been a quarried block and had probably been moved to this hilltop at some remote date. Once again Sir Charles pondered as to why he believed the altar must be old. He could arrive at no definite conclusion; nor could he assign a reason for his opinion. There was no moss upon the smooth white sides, nor any sign of an inscription. He knelt and searched for one, but in vain. 
Meanwhile the sim crept away across the hills, leaving the land in the clutch of a sinister twilight. A violet haze deepened into dusk, and the shadows of the rustling trees crawled slowly across the ground. The altar, once white, glowed redly for a moment in the flames of an apocalyptic sunset, then purpled like congealing blood upon the advent of darkness. Hovoco’s eyes could peer no longer through the hazy gloom. He abandoned his search for an inscription and rose to his feet. Stolidly he faced the sunset for a fleeting instant, then turned for a last look at the altar before descending and retracing his steps homeward. As he did so a shrill breeze arose and chattered mysteriously in the trees. Presently it sank to a slow, sobbing whisper, as if to mourn the dying day. In spite of himself, Hovoco was impressed. The sound was like a voice in a haunted land. 
With the coming of darkness, the scene took on an unfamiliar look. The gloomy vistas seemed positively hostile to bis presence, as if the entire countryside knew of Sir Charles’ plans, and hated him because of what he meant to do. The doomed trees sighed and stretched withered arms to the sky as if invoking vengeance against their enemy. The boulders loomed menacingly in the night, and the pastures beckoned him off into mystic mazes whence he would never return. 
The very wind threatened him with its chill voice. Instinctively, the baronet shivered. Gloomy fancies! For a moment his eyes returned to the altar. It squatted there in the darkness and seemed to brood like a sentient thing. 
Sir Charles shrugged, then descended the hill and stalked off into the night. Once he glanced back over his shoulder. A last tiny ray of sunset light was leering over the top of the hill. It fell directly upon the center of the altar, and to Hovoco’s startled eye it looked like a pool of blood. 
Hastily Sir Charles turned away. But he walked home very briskly, and he did not look back anymore. He was getting nervous. 

With the coming of daylight, the new baronet recovered some of his accustomed aplomb. He spent the forenoon in the village, much to the natives’ surprise. He dropped into the local tavern and had a glass of stout, leaning nonchalantly against the bar and wholly disregarding the unfriendly stares of the loungers beside him. After a pointed silence, during which he was uncomfortably scrutinized by the poker-faced bartender, Sir Charles abruptly addressed that worthy, and inquired where he could procure some workmen in the village to assist him in putting his land in shape. 
After an astonished bit of cogitation mine host asked him just what type of work he contemplated. Hovoco explained that he wanted to clear off his land to render it suitable for cultivation. He wanted some men to cut down the useless trees and remove the numerous stones that encumbered the fields. After that there would be rabbit-warrens to be destroyed, and birds to be killed. And, of course, there was that strange old altar off by the moorland. He would have that removed immediately. 
The bartender gazed at him for a moment in apoplectic silence. Then he bluntly informed the baronet that no man in the village would think of doing such things. They would not assist in the destruction of the old landmarks, and they most certainly would not go near the altar under any circumstances. Being a newcomer, Sir Charles would not know, but the altar was generally regarded as something to shun. It had an unhealthy reputation in these parts, and always had been looked upon as a blight and a curse. No one knew how long it had stood off in those woods, nor how many had died in the old days when the drums had sounded from the hill. Wise folk said that the pagans had their dances there, and there was still talk of the old rites being celebrated on May Eve, and certain autumn nights. Bullocks had been led up that slope and given to Those who were worshipped, and some folk said that they still were. There always were a lot of farm people absent from their homes on special evenings, and without any excuses to offer the next day to the rest of the people, who had sense enough to stay indoors when the fire burned up on the hill. No, the altar was a good thing to stay away from. The grandsires could tell some wild stories on winter nights about disappearances and deaths that had never been rightly explained. They didn’t generally say much before outsiders, but even Reverend Dobson, the clergyman, knew about the hill. What he probably was not aware of was the fact that some of his most loyal parishioners attended the furtive conclaves around the altar on the special nights and carried secret charms that were handed down within their families from the days when the pagan folk ruled in the land. Therefore, the bartender was of the earnest opinion that Sir Charles should keep his hands off, and carefully avoid even the mention of the altar or hill-top, and that under no circumstances should he foolishly attempt to destroy it. There would be trouble if he did. 
At the conclusion of the innkeeper’s advice. Sir Charles left the tavern, without saying a word. He was obstinate in his conviction, and he would not be balked by the ignorant chatter of these yokels. Their silly superstitious prattle disgusted him, and their obvious unfriendly attitude wounded his city-bred pride. He would show them! He marched up to the local drug-store and put through a telephone call to Birmingham. Here he engaged two workmen to come out immediately and assist him in clearing off his property. This settled, he walked calmly out into the street. Tomorrow they would be here, and then he would give these country clods something to gabble about. 
Meanwhile he was still human enough to entertain a keen curiosity concerning the details of the fantastic legendry which clustered about the altar on the hill. Accordingly he directed his footsteps toward the modest rectory where dwelt the local parson, the aforementioned Reverend Dobson. 
He found that gentleman in his study and introduced himself. The Reverend was a tall, wiry sort of man, with a shrewd face that was curiously counterbalanced by keen and sensitive eyes. Looking at his features, one thought of a successful broker, but a glimpse of his eyes betrayed the dreamer and the saint. The Reverend also proved to be a courteous gentleman. He so pleasantly engaged the new baronet in conversation that Sir Charles nearly forgot his errand. It was suppertime when he brought the matter around to his problem, and the clergyman hospitably urged him to stay. Hovoco consented, and they passed a pleasant mealtime in the dining-room, served by the housekeeper in a style befitting the rank of the honored guest. Afterward the gentlemen adjourned once more to the study and indulged in a glass of sherry. 
The courtesy of this reception salved the baronet’s wounded ego, and in consequence he was very tactful in the way he broached the subject of the altar. He got it out at last, and managed to make his query seem merely the prompting of a curious interest he took in his estate. The Reverend was very willing to help. He had spent a good deal of time in looking up local customs and bits of wayside legendry, and a little archeological research coupled with this knowledge had given him a good deal of the altar’s history. This he would gladly impart to his guest. 
The altar, he informed his visitor, was extremely ancient. While no exact date could be discovered, the time of its erection could probably be determined correctly enough by the chronology of the legends concerning it. The first tales were of pre-Celtic antiquity. When the local migratory streams had converged and set up a village upon the land, the altar was already placed. The stories had been handed down almost directly from this very remote time to the present, in a steady stream. Early myths spoke of the altar as being the gathering-place of an extremely repulsive barbarian race— short, swarthy savages, whose dwarfed priests sacrificed to the moon. They had many ceremonials, and in their warfare with the Celtic invaders they used their captives for these sanguinary rites. Eventually, through tracing the stories a bit further, one finds the primitive dark people dying out and retiring to the hills. Eventually they abandoned their claims altogether and disappeared. For a long while following, the altar stood deserted. Then came a curious survival. 
The Druids rose. Bearded vates and garlanded bards chanted their litanies to the gods of the forest. Oaks and hemlocks rose beside the altar, and a crescent-shaped grotto was erected in the glade. Here dwelt the Wise Ones who knew the secrets of the hills and called strange voices out of the earth by beating upon the great drums or scattering pungent incense before the night-fires. To the shrill piping of lutes they did adoration to the Dark Flame, and with the hemlock they invoked the hamadryads and the nymphs of the forest. They ruled supreme, and all the countryside bowed and obeyed. Their magical rites insured fertility and increased the strength of their people. Rich offerings of blood were made in ever-increasing abundance, and the bleat of the faun and the shrill squeal of the centaur were heard in the land. Blood, blood, blood — ever the offering and the sacrifice—crimson drops dripping from knife-blades, dabbling the sacred robes and staining the gray beards of the elders, or trickling from the base of the altar to dye the earth with the color of life. 
The iron legions of Rome thundered their way across the land. The gods of the forest were invoked in vain. They could not halt the legions. A garrison was stationed near by, and the Druids retired to their haunts in the moors. Roman customs were imposed, and the conquered ones began to turn from the old ways. Soon there was a gradual intermingling between the invaders and the natives, and a town sprang up around the garrison. Fresh arrivals came from Roman provinces across the sea, and they brought new gods to both the soldiers and the people. Cybele, Astarte, Aphrodite, and the Magna Mater were introduced, and the ways of their worship were explained and demonstrated. 
Some of these rituals were very dreadful indeed, and there was need to hide them from over-curious official eyes. So the altar on the hill became a rendezvous once again. Here anthropomancy, hydromancy and animal-worship were carried out, and more blood tainted the night- wind from the hill. To the clashing of cymbals and the piercing ecstasy of the sacred conchs the nude worshippers danced in honor of the perverted gods that came from the orient lands. There were obscene images on the altar now, and mad orgies followed the initial sacrifice. 
For a time the new faith prospered, and its followers grew still more abandoned in their lewdness. But One night there came a thunder across the hills, and the moonlight suddenly faded into a howling darkness. Then, while the worshippers frantically fled from that accursed and awful hilltop, a Voice shrieked a dreadful summons from afar, and the priests of the degraded cult screamed and died. The rest of the frightened congregation, men and women, soldiers and townsfolk alike, rushed into the forest. Here horror barred their way, because as the echo of that monstrous voice died away, the trees suddenly came alive! They swooped down upon the fugitives with tentacled branches, seizing the terrified debauchees and raising them up to the midnight sky; then dropped them to the earth below. A sudden gale had arisen, which effectively muffled their hysterical screams; so that it was not until a few straggling, half-insane fellows rushed into the town that the catastrophe was made known. The storm had meanwhile risen to such fury that it was impossible for any of the troops to venture forth again, and the story that the escaping worshippers had to tell did not encourage them in attempting any such expedition. 
The next day dawned, and an immediate search was made, but no bodies were ever discovered. The trees were again in their proper places, and there were no indications of any violent upheaval. The altar was serene and silent, and there were no littered remnants of the sacrifices to be seen. The torches, gongs, and other symbols had disappeared, and the sun beamed down upon a scene of pastoral tranquillity. Finally one of the searching soldiers happened to notice the top of the altar. There, squarely in the center of the tabled surface, lay a single sprig of hemlock. 
After this incident, recorded in the chronicles by local scribes, but for political reasons never relayed back to Rome, there were no further disturbances about the altar. The missing people never returned, and the few survivors who retained their sanity were of the belief that it was for the best. Though the affair may have been a result of sympathetic mass-hallucination, nobody could deny that the disputed supernatural happenings had brought some hideously tangible results. The altar was best left alone, and the land about it was never encroached upon. 
Thereafter they had a healthy respect for the Druids, and not a little fear of them. There were many things about these dark moorland ways that could not be satisfactorily explained, and many obscure caves and hidden glens that were wisely left unexplored. Bearded oldsters in white robes occasionally appeared in some of the outlying villages, and the foreign soldiers were very cautious not to molest them or hinder them in their comings and goings. For now the pompous conquerors knew better than to scoff at the dark ways of a land they did not understand. When reports came to them about the drums and pipes that echoed from the inaccessible forests on the moor they turned deaf ears. They did not care to hear that awful Voice, or see all nature metamorphosed into a maze of menace. 
At last the legions marched away, almost as suddenly as they had come. With their departure things once more assumed their normal condition. The town still remained, but when the bearded ones trickled back from their hiding-places, the old ways again held sway. The rites were resumed, and those who were sufficiently Romanized to object were mysteriously captured and burned in wicker cages upon the hills. After that the silent priestcraft reigned undisputed, and their gods did not lack for ruddy nourishment. 
Gradually, however, the rites decayed. Fierce barbarian tribes ravaged the countryside. Anglo-Saxons ruled, and for the Druids they showed no mercy. They had their gods, too, and they were strong. There was no recurrence of the inexplicable phenomenon that had befallen the Roman devotees. What happened when the newcomers met the old ones in conflict has never been told. The manuscripts that Reverend Dobson possessed were strangely silent on this point. All that he had been able to learn was that in some curious way the Druidic priests suddenly disappeared. The grim invaders were unable to find them, though they were unafraid when it came to thoroughly exploring every portion of the forbidding countryside. There was one last mighty ceremony from the altar on the hill, and the next day they were gone. The tribesmen combed the moors in vain. Then they cut down the oaks and the hemlocks, destroyed the crescent-glade, and let matters rest. The altar they were unable to remove, though attempts were undoubtedly made. Accounts are unnaturally hazy on this point, also. 
Centuries passed. Gradually Christianity was introduced. The refining influences of civilization descended upon the land. A priory was erected near by. It was the good monks who chronicled the history of the surrounding regions, and they had likewise recorded the history of the altar. The latter they seemed to have avoided, though now only legend remained to warn them away. There were no repetitions of the archaic rites, and no disquieting evidence to encourage this avoidance, but nevertheless there were no attempts made to raze the pagan stone. 
A new abomination rose and flourished later on. Returning knights from the Crusader citadels of Malta, Rhodes, and Cyprus established themselves in the priory. They brought with them the degenerate creeds of Satanism, and there were loathsome rumors of a Black Mass. By now the countryfolk were pious, and their simple concepts of religious reverence were outraged by the warrior bishops who ruled from within the walls of the monastery and abbey. Once again there was talk of Pan, and satyrs and oreads haunted the gloomy groves, or tittered across the lonely moor at twilight. Once again there was blood on the altar, and strange processions visited the hill on sacred nights. Still the Druids were not forgotten. Though the oaks were gone, and other gods were worshipped at their sanctuary, the peasants remembered the old tales, and feared the ancient horror more than they did the new. 
The new passed. Henry VIII’s minions swept down upon the robber bishops, and one night the priory disappeared in a red holocaust of flame. The next day the soldiers rode away, leaving only the dead behind them. They did not speak of what they found within the priory walls, nor did they venture near the altar, but it is recorded that their faces were deathly pale in the morning light. 
The next night the villagers heard a faint drumming on the hilltop, and for a moment a tiny flame flickered and died. That was all, but it was enough. The Druids still reigned. Men might come and go, kingdoms rise and fall, but the old ways still remained in the secret place. 
Baron Nedwick won his spurs and his land under good Queen Bess. A castle rose at Nedwick, and hunters galloped across the verdant fields. The Nedwick line had prospered and won esteem from village and countryside alike. Part of this estimation was due to the fact that they asked no questions about the altar and did not hunt too far upon the moorland. 
By now the altar was being used once again, but this time by the rustics themselves. Certain old women were known to have the gift of prophecy, and the dubious repute of possessing the evil eye. Oftentimes they retired to rude huts upon the moor and consulted their familiars before the altar on the hill. Sometimes there was need of blood, and those that came to them for help were not averse to donating a heifer or a goat. By now the place was known throughout the land for what it was, and none but the followers of witchcraft and sorcery ever ventured near it. On certain nights these people were known to make use of it, but there were other nights when it appeared deserted, and a strange drumming was faintly heard from afar. Then even the witches were afraid, for they too knew and respected the olden tales. 
There is little more to say. The witches passed, and once again the altar came into its own. Every so often some old rumor was momentarily revived upon the discovery of fresh stains on the altar-top, or the fancied sound of nocturnal drumming from the hill; but in the opinion of the majority, it was now fairly safe to examine the spot. At certain seasons there were occasional sacrifices made quietly, but these were publicly disavowed by the more enlightened elements of the local population. Even so, the inhabitants still had their suspicions, and when the last of the Nedwicks died there had been a secret meeting on the hill. 
The clergyman concluded his remarks by referring Sir Charles to the volumes he owned which dealt with the surrounding countryside; many of these contained references to the matter. Then he added a little advice. He was a man of God, he said, but even the Bible recognizes the Spirit of Evil. There was something wrong about that altar and the surrounding groves, something quite unsavory. There had been too much blood spilt, too many unhallowed prayers. Throughout all its history the ancient Druidic rites had played a part, and the vates were evil men. As a dose student of the Stonehenge legend, and other such manifestations of the Druid powers. Reverend Dobson was led to believe that their sway had not yet altogether ceased. Somewhere, in some place, there was a survival. There was still worship under the horns of the crescent. For this reason, although he was not ordinarily a superstitious man, the clergyman earnestly warned Sir Charles that he would do best to keep away from that portion of his land upon which the stone stood. 
Hovoco thanked him for his narrative and turned the talk to other fields. An hour later he departed, bidding the Reverend Mr. Dobson a pleasant good evening. As he strode off into the night, however, his face became a mask of scowling determination. Druid humbug! The clergyman, for all his hospitality, was nothing but a credulous fool. The altar must go. 

Morning heralded the arrival of the two workingmen from Birmingham. Mr. Joseph Gauer and Mr. Sam Williams were sturdy, matter-of-fact souls, with a hearty dislike of the rural simpletons and their ways. Even so, Sir Charles thought it wise not to inform them as to the nature of the stone he ordered them to destroy. He did, however, accompany them to the spot to superintend their work. They procured tools from the battered car in which they came and started off at a brisk pace over the meadows. It was a beautiful day. When they came to the grove they saw the altar clearly outlined against the blue background of sky. There was nothing sinister or disturbing about it in the least, for which fact Sir Charles was secretly very glad. 
The two men set to work with a will. The task was difficult. First they dug around the base, spading up the firm earth until a narrow trench surrounded the stone. Then they began to use the picks, and finally the spades again. Sir Charles was surprised at the depth of the rock; it had been imbedded many feet. At last, however, their task was concluded. Using the picks as levers, they pried the great boulder loose, and with a tremendous heave, lifted it ponderously to one side. Then Sir Charles received a shock. 
There was no ground beneath! Instead, a gigantic hole yawned where the stone had rested, and from it rose a putrid stench as of a thing long dead. The opening was circular, and very deep. A glimpse into the orifice did not reveal the bottom. A stone cast into the depths rebounded noiselessly from the earthen sides, and there was no sound to indicate how far it must have fallen. 
Sir Charles bravely struggled to retain his composure at this unexpected revelation and told the workmen to retire for the day. When they asked him about the hole, he informed them that in his opinion the thing was a former well, probably dry, whose shaft had been walled up. Then he hurriedly dismissed them, for he did not care to answer any further questions or be asked to account for the nauseous odor that was still seeping from the gaping pit. 
The men withdrew, and Sir Charles followed them at a distance. For the first time he was beginning to feel really afraid. He was forced to check a sudden impulse to recall the men and order them to replace the stone. Then he repressed the urge savagely. They would think him a fool, and he did not dare admit his fear, even to himself. Better to let them go. He watched them as they went off to find temporary lodging in the village, but all the while he was conscious of a black imp of anxiety tugging at his soul. At length he forced himself to go back to the manor and read, but he was far from feeling at his ease. 
By midafternoon he was so restless that he decided to run down to the city for the evening. He got out the car and left in time to arrive before the last rays of sunset. He did not want to be alone after dark right now. He spent the evening at a cabaret, and the night at a hotel, taking great pains not to be unaccompanied. 
It must have been close to noon when he at last drove back into the village, his former composure now completely restored. But not for long. There was horrible news for him at the little town. Gauer and Williams were gone. Not just disappeared but gone forever. The story was simple. The tavern-keeper told him, with a touch of righteousness not unmixed with pity in his voice. 
The two men had come into his place the afternoon before, to find rooms for a few days. The owner of the pub, not knowing, of course, the reason for their presence, had found room for them; though had he any inkling of their business he would have ordered them from his doors. The two men, once lodged, reappeared in the tavern below to get their evening meals. At first they held themselves aloof from the local habitues of the establishment, but after their supper they indulged in a few glasses of ale, and a gin-and-bitters. This encouraged them to let down their barrier of reserve and look with more tolerance upon the friendly gathering that assembled for a nightly session about eight that evening. Soon the two men had introduced themselves by name and became absorbed in the general conversation. One thing led to another, and by ten or so the jolly loungers were becoming tipsy. The two city men had bought several rounds for the assemblage, and the house had reciprocated in kind. All in all, it was a very pleasant and friendly little chat on things political, social, and economic. 
The bar-keep admitted to having several stiff drinks under his belt by this time, and in consequence he could not rightly testify to the events immediately precipitating the quarrel. It is quite evident, however, that somehow one of the men had unwittingly let slip the casual information that he and his companion were here at the behest of Sir Charles Hovoco, for the purpose of reclaiming his land. They were, of course, totally ignorant of the general attitude on this affair, and were very surprised indeed by the reception accorded this statement. Several of their listeners had been among those present when Sir Charles had been there the afternoon before, and they took the lead in denouncing the two workmen for their contemplated part in the affair. 
Here Gauer made another break. Testily he retorted that he, for one, didn’t see what all this fuss was about—why, all they had done today, for example, was to dig up an old stone on a hill, and uncover some kind of abandoned well. 
Immediately following this shocking revelation came a storm of horrified denunciation. No good would come of such doings; the Old Ones were not to be disturbed, nor their dwellings violated. A foul murrain upon such doings! There was a good deal of excited conjecture over the discovery that there was a shaft beneath the altar. God alone knew how old the stone was, and only the Devil could tell who burrowed the pit beneath it. Some wheezing oldster whispered a bit of ancient gossip about the Druidic days; his grandsire had once spoken about the Druid worshipping before the altar as a gateway, and what could they mean but the passage or fissure beneath its base? The story about the Voice was revived, too—had it not come out of the earth? When the bards had disappeared, where had they gone to? The old ways still remain. It was a dangerous sacrilege that these men had committed, and only ill would come of it. 
To this and similar statements the two laborers retorted in words of scorn and contempt. They would not be frightened by such bogey-man tales as these. They were not simple, superstitious country Rubes; they came from the city, where such foolish fancies were properly ignored. They did not believe in the stories, and furthermore they boldly expressed their crude opinions of any yokels who upheld such obvious falsehoods. The Druids, or whatever they were called, were nothing but myths. Perhaps some ignorant rustics had sacrificed animals on the altar? What of it? They were not afraid. 
This drunken bickering continued to its tragic conclusion. One of the farmers, a grizzled simpleton named Leftwich, challenged the visitors’ bluff. He offered to put up a pound note that the two of them would not dare to venture that very night upon the hill where the altar stood. 
The bet was immediately taken, despite the warnings that the aroused innkeeper offered. The dangers of such an undertaking were ridiculed by the intoxicated non-believers, and after another round of drinks they started off, accompanied to the pasture nearest the hilltop by the farmer who had made the proposal. From there the two went on alone, teetering slowly across the field with borrowed lanterns in their hands and a ribald song upon their lips. 
The farmer stood watching them for a moment; then, suddenly, the moon went behind a cloud and the wind gave a sudden peal of mocking laughter. A strange horripilation assailed the now-sobered man, and unable to control his inexplicable terror, he hastily withdrew. As he did so he noticed that the faint note of the song had died away, and the figures were lost to view in the blackness of the clouded night. All at once he found himself racing back in the direction of the village to get help. As he panted down the road he heard a booming from behind him, like the voice of muffled thunder. After that there was a piercing scream, then silence. 
Breathlessly he ran into the village street and re-entered the tavern. Ten minutes later a band of grim and earnest men streamed in a torchlight procession out of the little town and down the long road to the hills below the moor. The moon had reappeared, and when they reached the base of the pasture where the two workmen had cut across, they could see the top of the altar-mound quite plainly in the silver light. It was bare. The two men were nowhere to be seen. A few of the more daring volunteered to venture to the summit, while the rest combed the surrounding meadowland. 
An hour later the party reassembled, and the delegation from the hill had a report. The men were not there now, but they had been. Perhaps the best idea of what happened to them could be gathered from the fact that one of their hats had been discovered not three feet from the opening below the altar-piece. The grass upon the hilltop was curiously trampled, and though there were definite tracks in the dewy grass which led up to the summit, there were no footprints going down. That was all. 
Sir Charles heard this story with incredulous mien. “Dreadful,” he said. “Dreadful, but perfectly natural. The two fools were drunk. They reached the top, overbalanced, and fell in. For that matter, you and Leftwich are almost legally responsible for countenancing such a stupid and outlandish wager. This affair will have to be thoroughly investigated and reported now and may cause no end of trouble. I shall have to summon the police tomorrow, and I warn you I shall hold you and your companions morally responsible for this unfortunate occurrence. Good day!” 
The baronet turned on his heel and moved rapidly in the direction of Nedwick Hall. He was never seen in the village again. 
The rest of the story was told by the Reverend Dobson, and it is to this clergyman that the responsibility goes for its authenticity. Sir Charles disappeared into his study at the Hall immediately upon entering it. What went on in there between two in the afternoon and nine in the evening we shall never know. Did he at last come around to a belief in the macabre causes of the tragedy? Did his tormenting conscience urge him to make an atonement? Nobody can say. Whatever his feelings, he is known to have left the house at nine, hastily, without speaking to the servants or accounting for his actions in any way. He was haggard and disheveled, but he almost ran down the road in the direction of the clergyman’s abode. He never went in. Whatever his purpose in coming, he changed his mind at the last moment. 
It was then, as he stood hesitant upon the doorstep, that Dobson, glancing out of the window, saw his tortured face. He watched Sir Charles as he turned, and with a shudder of inward agony, began to hasten back down the road along which he had come. Thinking he might be ill, the clergyman hastily put on his hat and followed him. But even as he hurried after the retreating baronet, Dobson was forced to revise his opinion. No sick man could set so brisk a pace. For a moment the reverend gentleman was minded to retrace his steps, but the mystery of his guest’s peculiar behavior drove him on. 
Suddenly Sir Charles left the road and began to cut across the open country behind the village. He no longer walked erect. Instead, he seemed to lope. It was as if he were ashamed of being seen, and yet in a hurry to reach his destination. It was frightening to see him scurry across the fields, like some great, misshapen animal. When he saw this, Dobson was prompted to call out to Hovoco, but he refrained. For a long while they continued in silence. 
Sir Charles skulked ahead, never once looking back. His eyes were set upon the grove of trees and the little hill, and his body moved as if under the spell of some unnatural compulsion. Was he going to investigate the rumors for himself? Or was he being forced to go? He seemed unable to stop, and now, lanternless and without a guide, he was racing over the rocky field that led to the trees. 
Dobson followed as speedily as he could. He was still several hundred yards behind, however, when the hurrying figure of the baronet disappeared amid the grove of twisted trees. The Reverend strained his muscles in pursuit, striving to overtake his man before Hovoco reached the top of the hill; for it was by now hideously evident that that was his objective. As Dobson entered the little glen, the moon disappeared, and his quarry faded from sight. He strained his ears to detect the sound of footsteps in the darkness ahead, but in vain. Instead there was another sound. 
A drumming in the earth. The ground beneath his feet began to seethe with muted sound; a hellish drone of muffled beats rose upon his ears. He stumbled through the blackness, the ghastly thunder raging in the very depths of his being. If only he could reach that hill in time! Sir Charles was being lured to his doom, just as the blundering workmen had been snared. The Old Ones were about to claim their own! 
Choking and gasping for lack of breath, the clergyman emerged at last at the base of the little hill on which the altar lay. His eyes pierced the blackness and sought out the blurred form of the baronet. He was nearly at the summit now, and the drums were yammering from within the very hillside itself. To Dobson’s watching eyes came the maddening vision of Sir Charles Hovoco on all fours, frantically running up the slope with a bestial eagerness apparent in the very outlines of his body. As he covered the final slope the drums suddenly ceased. 
For a moment there was silence, and Dobson saw the baronet, risen to his full height, gazing as if entranced into the black pit at his feet. Then came a single nightmare scream from Sir Charles’ foaming lips, and a second later his feet began to slide along the ground toward the great gaping mouth of the opening. Then, as the scream died in his throat, the moon came out, and for an instant his straining body was clearly outlined against the leering sky. Then it toppled forward and disappeared into the blade burrow below. But in that instant the Reverend Dobson had seen that which sent him reeling from the accursed spot; had seen in the silvery moonlight the clutching hands from the pit that had grasped Sir Charles by his ankles and were dragging him to his doom. 
That’s the story. Dobson swears to it, and those in the village who know are inclined to believe. Outsiders have been told that the three deaths were due to accidental suicide, and this plausible and sane surmise has been officially accepted. Another man occupies the Hall today, and he knows enough to keep his hands off what he does not understand. The natives have relapsed into a careful silence, and discourage all references to the altar, the glade on the hillside, or the legends of the Druids. They hope, in time, that the affair will be forgotten, and already they are beginning to deny any belief in the truth of the ancient lore. 
But this has not prevented them from carefully replacing the altar over that ominous opening on the hill, and carefully bathing it from time to time with fresh, rich blood.


The Faceless God

The thing on the torture rack began to moan. There was a grating sound as the lever stretched the iron bed still one more space in length. The moaning grew to a piercing shriek of utter agony. 
“Ah,” said Doctor Stugatche, “we have him at last.” He bent over the tortured man on the iron grille and smiled tenderly into the anguished face. His eyes, tinged with delicate amusement, took in every detail of the body before him — the swollen legs, raw and angry from the embrace of the fiery boot; the lacerated back and shoulders, still crimson from the kiss of the lash; the bloody, mangled remnants of a chest crushed by the caress of the Spiked Coffin. With gentle solicitude he surveyed the finishing touches applied by the rack itself — the dislocated shoulders and twisted torso; the crushed and broken fingers, and the dangling tendons in the lower limbs. Then he turned his attention to the old man’s tormented countenance once again. He laughed, softly, in a voice like the tinkling of a bell. Then he spoke. 
“Well, Hassan. I do not think you will prove stubborn any longer in the face of such — ah — eloquent persuasion. Come now; tell me where I can find this idol of which you speak.” 
The butchered victim began to sob, and the doctor was forced to kneel beside the bed of pain in order to understand his incoherent mumblings. For perhaps twenty minutes the creature groaned on, and then at last fell silent. Doctor Stugatche rose to his feet once more, a satisfied twinkle in his genial eyes. He made a brief motion to one of the men operating the rack machinery. The fellow nodded and went over to the living horror on the instrument. It was crying now — its tears were blood. The man drew his sword. It swished upward, then cleaved down once again. There was a dull sound of crunching impact, and then a tiny fountain spurted upward, spreading a scarlet blot upon the wall behind. 
Doctor Stugatche went out of the room, bolted the door behind him, and climbed the steps to the house above. As he raised the barred trapdoor he saw that the sun was shining. The doctor began to whistle. He was very pleased. 
He had good reason to be. For several years the doctor had been what is vulgarly known as an “adventurer.” He had been a smuggler of antiques, an exploiter of labor on the Upper Nile, and had at times sunk so low as to participate in the forbidden “black goods trade” that flourished at certain ports along the Red Sea. He had come out to Egypt many years ago as an attaché on an archeological expedition, from which he had been summarily dismissed. The reason for his dismissal is not known, but it was rumored that he had been caught trying to appropriate certain of the expeditionary trophies. After his exposure and subsequent disgrace, he had disappeared for a while. Several years later he had come back to Cairo and set up an establishment in the native quarter. It was here that he fell into the unscrupulous habits of business which had earned for him a dubious reputation and a sizable profit. He seemed well satisfied with both. 
At the present time he was a man of perhaps forty-five years of age, short and heavy-set, with a bullet-shaped head that rested on broad, ape-like shoulders. His thick torso and bulging paunch were supported by a pair of spindly legs that contrasted oddly with the upper portions of his beefy body. Despite his Falstaffian appearance he was a hard and ruthless man. His piggish eyes were filled with greed; his fleshy mouth was lustful; his only natural smile was one of avarice. 
It was his covetous nature that had led him into his present adventure. Ordinarily he was not a credulous man. The usual tales of lost pyramids, buried treasure and stolen mummies did not impress him. He preferred something more substantial. A contraband consignment of rugs; a bit of smuggled opium; something in the line of illicit human merchandise — these were things he could appreciate and understand. 
But this case was different. Extraordinary as it sounded, it meant big money. Stugatche was smart enough to know that many of the great discoveries of Egyptology had been prompted by just such wild rumors as the one he had heard. He also knew the difference between improbable truth and spurious invention. This story sounded like the truth. 
In brief, it ran as follows. A certain party of nomads, while engaged in a secret journey with a cargo of illegitimately obtained goods, were traversing a special route of their own. They did not feel that the regular caravan lanes were healthful for them to follow. While traveling near a certain spot they had accidentally spied a curious rock or stone in the sands. The thing had evidently been buried, but long years of shifting and swirling among the dunes above it had served to uncover a portion of the object. They had stopped to inspect it at closer range, and thereby made a startling discovery. The thing projecting from the sand was the head of a statue, an ancient Egyptian statue, with the triple crown of a god! Its black body was still submerged, but the head seemed to be in perfect preservation. It was a very peculiar thing, that head, and none of the natives could or would recognize the deity, though the caravan leaders questioned them closely. The whole thing was an unfathomable mystery. A perfectly preserved statue of an unknown god buried all alone in the southern desert, a long way from any oasis, and two hundred miles from the smallest village! 
Evidently the caravan men realized something of its uniqueness; because they ordered that two boulders which lay near by be placed on top of the idol as a marker in case they ever returned. The men did as they were ordered, though they were obviously reluctant, and kept muttering prayers beneath their breath. They seemed very much afraid of the buried image, but only reiterated their ignorance when questioned further concerning it. 
After the boulders had been placed, the expedition was forced to journey on, since time did not permit them to unearth the curious figure in its entirety or attempt to carry it with them. When they returned to the north they told their story, and as most tales were in the habit of doing, it came to the ears of Doctor Stugatche. Stugatche thought fast. It was quite evident that the original discoverers of the idol did not attach any great importance to their find. For this reason the doctor might easily return to the spot and unearth the statue without any trouble, once he knew exactly where it was located. 
Stugatche felt that it was worth finding. If it had been a treasure yarn, now, he would have scoffed and unhesitatingly put it down as a cock-and-bull story of the usual variety. But an idol — that was different. He could understand why an ignorant band of Arab smugglers might ignore such a discovery. He could also realize that such a discovery might prove more valuable to him than all the treasure in Egypt. It was easy for him to remember the vague clues and wild hints that had prompted the findings of early explorers. They had followed up many blind leads when first they plumbed the pyramids and racked the temple ruins. All of them were tomb-looters at heart, but their ravishing had made them rich and famous. Why not him, then? If the tale were true, and this idol not only buried, but totally unknown as a deity; in perfect condition, and in such an out-of-the-way locality — these facts would create a furor when he exhibited his find. He would be famous! Who knew what hitherto untrodden fields he might open up in archeology? It was well worth chancing. 
But he must not arouse any suspicion. He dared not inquire about the place from any of the Arabs who had been there. That would immediately cause talk. No, he must get his directions from a native in the band. Accordingly, two of his servants picked up Hassan, the old camel-driver, and brought him before Stugatche in his house. But Hassan, when questioned, looked very much afraid. He refused to talk. So Stugatche, as we have seen, conducted him into his little reception room in the cellar, where he had been wont to entertain certain recalcitrant guests in the past. Here the doctor, whose knowledge of anatomy stood him in good stead, was able to cajole his visitor into speaking, by the methods we have just witnessed. 
So Doctor Stugatche emerged from the cellar in a very pleasant frame of mind. He was rubbing his fat hands when he looked at the map to verify his information, and he went out to dinner with a smiling face. 
Two days later he was ready to start. He had hired a small number of natives, so as not to excite undue investigation, and given out to his business acquaintances that he was about to embark on a special trip. He engaged a strange dragoman and made sure that the fellow would keep his mouth shut. There were several swift camels in the train, and a number of extra donkeys harnessed to a large empty cart. He took food and water for six days, for he intended to return via riverboat. After the arrangements were completed, the party assembled one morning at a certain spot unknown to official eyes, and the expedition began. 

It was on the morning of the fourth day that they arrived at last. Stugatche saw the stones from his precarious perch atop the leading camel. He swore delightedly, and despite the hovering heat, dismounted and raced over to the spot where the two boulders lay. A moment later he called the company to a hasty halt and issued orders for the immediate erection of the tents, and the usual preparations for encampment. Utterly disregarding the intolerable warmth of the day, he saw to it that the sweating natives did a thorough job; and then, without allowing them a moment’s rest, he instructed them to remove the massive rocks from their resting place. A crew of straining men managed to topple them over at last and clear away the underlying sand. 
In a few moments there was a loud cry from the gang of laborers, as a black and sinister head came into view. It was a triple-crowned blasphemy. Great spiky cones adorned the top of the ebony diadem, and beneath them were hidden intricately executed designs. He bent down and examined them. They were monstrous, both in subject and in execution. He saw the writhing, worm-like shapes of primal monsters, and headless, slimy creatures from the stars. There were bloated beasts in the robes of men, and ancient Egyptian gods in hideous combat with squirming demons from the gulf. Some of the designs were foul beyond description, and others hinted of unclean terrors that were old when the world was young. But all were evil; and Stugatche, cold and callous though he was, could not gaze at them without feeling a horror that ate at his brain. 
As for the natives, they were openly frightened. The moment that the top of the image came into view, they began to jabber hysterically. They retreated to the side of the excavation and began to argue and mumble, pointing occasionally at the statue, or at the kneeling figure of the doctor. Absorbed in his inspection, Stugatche failed to catch the body of their remarks, or note the air of menace which radiated from the sullen dragoman. Once or twice he heard some vague references to the name “Nyarlathotep”, and a few allusions to “The Demon Messenger.” After completing his scrutiny, the doctor rose to his feet and ordered the men to proceed with the excavation. No one moved. Impatiently he repeated his command. The natives stood by, their heads hung, but their faces were stolid. At last the dragoman stepped forward and began to harangue the effendi. 
He and his men would never have come with their master had they known what they were expected to do. They would not touch the statue of the god, and they warned the doctor to keep his hands off. It was bad business to incur the wrath of the Old God — the Secret One. But perhaps he had not heard of Nyarlathotep. He was the oldest god of all Egypt; of all the world. He was the God of Resurrection, and the Black Messenger of Karneter. There was a legend that one day he would arise and bring the olden dead to life. And his curse was one to be avoided. 
Stugatche, listening, began to lose his temper. Angrily he interrupted, ordering the men to stop gawking and resume their work. He backed up this command with two Colt .32 revolvers. He would take all the blame for this desecration, he shouted, and he was not afraid of any damned stone idol in the world. The natives seemed properly impressed both by the revolvers and by his fluent profanity. They began to dig again, timidly averting their eyes from the statue’s form. 
A few hours’ work sufficed for the men to uncover the idol. If the crown of its stony head had hinted of horror, the face and body openly proclaimed it. The image was obscene and shockingly malignant. There was an indescribably alien quality about it — it was ageless, unchanging, eternal. Not a scratch marred its black and crudely chiseled surface; during all its many-centuries burial there had been no weathering upon the fiendishly carven features. Stugatche saw it now as it must have looked when it was first buried, and the sight was not good to see. 
It resembled a miniature sphinx — a life-sized sphinx with the wings of a vulture and the body of a hyena. There were talons and claws, and upon the squatting, bestial body rested a massive, anthropomorphic head, bearing the ominous triple crown whose dread designs had so singularly excited the natives. But the worst and by far the most hideous feature was the lack of a face upon the ghastly thing. It was a faceless god; the winged, faceless god of ancient myth — Nyarlathotep, Mighty Messenger, talker among the Stars, and Lord of the Desert. 
When Stugatche completed his examination at last, he became almost hysterically happy. He grinned triumphantly into that blank and loathsome countenance — grinned into that faceless orifice that yawned as vacantly as the black void beyond the suns. In his enthusiasm he failed to notice the furtive whispers of the natives and the guides and disregarded their fearsome glances at the unclean eidolon. Had he not done so, he would have been a wiser man; for these men knew, as all Egypt knows, that Nyarlathotep is the Master of Evil. 
Not for nothing had his temples been demolished, his statues destroyed, and his priestcraft crucified in the olden days. There were dark and terrible reasons for prohibiting his worship and omitting his name from the Book of the Dead, All references to the Faceless One were long since deleted from the Sacred Manuscripts, and great pains had been taken to ignore some of his godly attributes, or assign them to some milder deity. In Thoth, Set, Bubastis and Sebek we can trace some of the Master’s grisly endowments. It was he, in the most archaic of the chronicles, who was ruler of the Underworld. It was he who became the patron of sorcery and the black arts. Once he alone had ruled, and men knew him in all lands, under many names. But that time passed. Men turned away from the worship of evil and reverenced the good. They did not care for the gruesome sacrifice the Dark God demanded, nor the way his priests ruled. At last the cult was suppressed, and by common consent all references to it were for ever banned, and its records destroyed. But Nyarlathotep had come out of the desert, according to the legend, and to the desert he now returned. Idols were set up in hidden places among the sands, and here the thin, fanatical ranks of true believers still leapt and capered in naked worship, where the cries of shrieking victims echoed only to the ears of the night. 
So his legend remained and was handed down in the secret ways of the earth. Time passed. In the north the ice-flow receded, and Atlantis fell. New peoples overran the land, but the desert folk remained. They viewed the building of the pyramids with amused and cynical eyes. Wait, they counseled. When the Day arrived at last, Nyarlathotep again would come out of the desert, and then wo unto Egypt! For the pyramids would shatter into dust, and temples crumble to ruin. Sunken cities of the sea would rise, and there would be famine and pestilence throughout the land. The stars would change in a most peculiar way, so that the Great Ones could come pulsing from the outer gulf. Then the beasts should give tongue, and prophesy in their anthropoglotism that man shall perish. By these signs, and other apocalyptic portents, the world would know that Nyarlathotep had returned. Soon he himself would be visible — a dark, faceless man in black, walking, staff in hand, across the desert, but leaving no track to mark his way, save that of death. For wherever his footsteps turned, men would surely die, until at last none but true believers remained to welcome him in worship with the Mighty Ones from the gulfs. 
Such, in its essence, was the fable of Nyarlathotep. It was older than secret Egypt, hoarier than sea-doomed Atlantis, more ancient than time-forgotten Mu. But it has never been forgotten. In the medieval times this story and its prophecy were carried across Europe by returning crusaders. Thus the Mighty Messenger became the Black Man of the witch-covens; the emissary of Asmodeus and darker gods. His name is mentioned cryptically in the Necronomicon – Alhazred heard it whispered in tales of shadowed Irem. The fabulous Book of Eibon hints at the myth in veiled and diverse ways, since it was writ in a far-off time when it was not yet deemed safe to speak of things that had walked upon the earth when it was young. Ludvig Prinn, who traveled in Saracenic lands and learned strange sorceries, awesomely implies his knowledge in the infamous Mysteries of the Worm. 
But his worship, in late years, seems to have died out. There is no mention of it in Sir James Frazer’s Golden Bough, and most reputable ethnologists and anthropologists are frankly ignorant of the Faceless One’s history. But there are idols still intact, and some whisper of certain caverns beneath the Nile, and of burrows below the Ninth Pyramid. The secret signs and symbols of his worship are gone, but there are some undecipherable hieroglyphs in the Government vaults which are very closely concealed. And men know. By word of mouth the tale has come down through the ages, and there are those who still wait for the Day. By common consent there seem to be certain spots in the desert which are carefully avoided by caravans, and several secluded shrines are shunned by those who remember. For Nyarlathotep is the God of the Desert, and his ways are best left unprofaned. 
It was this knowledge which prompted the uneasiness of the natives upon the discovery of that peculiar idol in the sand. When they had first noted the headdress they had been afraid, and after seeing that featureless face they became frantic with dread. As for Doctor Stugatche, his fate did not matter to them. They were concerned only with themselves, and their course was plainly apparent. They must flee and flee at once. 
Stugatche paid no attention to them. 
He was busy making plans for the following day. They would place the idol on a wheeled cart and harness the donkeys. Once back to the river it could be put on board the steamer. What a find! He conjured up pleasant visions of the fame and fortune that would be his. Scavenger, was he? Unsavory adventurer, eh? Charlatan, cheat, impostor, they had called him. How those smug official eyes would pop when they beheld his discovery! Heaven only knew what vistas this thing might open up. There might be other altars, other idols, tombs and temples too, perhaps. He knew vaguely that there was some absurd legend about the worship of this deity, but if he could only get his hands on a few more natives who could give him the information he wanted... He smiled, musingly. Funny, those superstitious myths! The boys were afraid of the statue; that was plainly apparent. The dragoman, now, with his stupid quotations. How did it go? “Nyarlathotep is the Black Messenger of Karneter. He comes from out the desert, across the burning sands, and stalks his prey throughout the world, which is the land of his domain.” Silly! All Egyptian myths were stupid. Statues with animal heads suddenly coming to life; reincarnation of men and gods, foolish kings building pyramids for mummies. Well, a lot of fools believed it; not only the natives, either. He knew some cranks who credited the stories about the Pharaoh’s curse, and the magic of the old priests. There were a lot of wild tales about the ancient tombs and the men who died when they invaded them. No wonder his own simple natives believed such trash! But whether they believed it or not, they were going to move his idol, damn them, even if he had to shoot them down to make them obey. 
He went into his tent, well satisfied. The boy served him his meal, and Stugatche dined heartily as was his wont. Then he decided to retire early, in anticipation of his plans for the following morning. The boys could tend to the camp, he decided. Accordingly he lay down on his cot and soon fell into a contented, peaceful slumber. 

It must have been several hours later that he awoke. It was very dark, and the night was strangely still. Once he heard the far-away howl of a hunting jackal, but it soon blended into somber silence. Surprised at his sudden awakening, Stugatche rose and went to the door of the tent, pulling back the flap to gaze into the open. A moment later he cursed in frenzied rage. 
The camp was deserted! The fire had died out, the men and camels had disappeared. Footprints, already half obliterated by the sands, showed the silent haste in which the natives had departed. The fools had left him here alone! 
He was lost. The knowledge sent a sudden stab of fear to his heart. Lost! The men were gone, the food was gone, the camels and donkeys had disappeared. He had neither weapons nor water, and he was all alone. He stood before the door of the tent and gazed, terrified, at the vast and lonely desert. The moon gleamed like a silver skull in an ebony sky. A sudden hot wind ruffled the endless ocean of sand, and sent it skirling in tiny waves at his feet. Then came silence, ceaseless silence. It was like the silence of the tomb; like the eternal silence of the pyramids, where in crumbling sarcophagi the mummies lie, their dead eyes gazing into unchanging and unending darkness. He felt indescribably small and lonely there in the night, and he was conscious of strange and baleful powers that were weaving the threads of his destiny into a final tragic pattern. Nyarlathotep! He knew and was wreaking an immutable vengeance. 
But that was nonsense. He must not let himself be troubled by such fantastic rubbish. That was just another form of desert mirage, a common enough delusion under such circumstances. He must not lose his nerve now. He must face the facts calmly. The men had absconded with the supplies and the horses because of some crazy native superstition. That was real enough. As for the superstition itself, he must not let it bother him. Those frantic and morbid fancies of his would vanish quickly enough with the morning sun. 
The morning sun! A terrible thought assailed him — the fearsome reality of the desert at midday. To reach an oasis he would be forced to travel day and night before the lack of food and water weakened him so that he could not go on. There would be no escape once he left this tent; no refuge from that pitiless blazing eye whose glaring rays could scorch his brain to madness. To die in the heat of the desert — that was an unthinkable agony. He must get back; his work was not yet completed. There must be a new expedition to recover the idol. He must get back! Besides, Stugatche did not want to die. His fat lips quivered with fear as he thought of the pain, the torture. He had no desire to suffer the anguish of that fellow he had put on the rack. The poor devil had not looked very pleasant there. Ah no, death was not for the doctor. He must hurry. But where? He gazed around frantically, trying to get his bearings. The desert mocked him with its monotonous, inscrutable horizon. For a moment black despair clutched at his brain, and then came a sudden inspiration. He must go north, of course. And he recalled, now, the chance words let fall by the dragoman that afternoon. The statue of Nyarlathotep faced north! Jubilantly he ransacked the tent for any remnants of food or provisions. There were none. Matches and tobacco he carried, and in his kit he found a hunting knife. He was almost confident when he left the tent. The rest of the journey would now be childishly simple. He would travel all night and make as much time as he could. His pack blanket would probably shield him from the noonday sun tomorrow, and in late afternoon he would resume his course after the worst of the heat had abated. By quick marches tomorrow night, he ought to find himself near the Wadi Hassar oasis upon the following morning. All that remained for him to do was to get out to the idol and set his course, since the tracks of his party in the sand were already obscured. 
Triumphantly, he strode across the camp-clearing to the excavation where the image stood. And it was there that he received his greatest shock. 
The idol had been reinterred! The workmen had not left the statue violated, but had completely filled in the excavation, even taking the precaution of placing the two original stones over the top. Stugatche could not move them single-handed, and when he realized the extent of this calamity he was filled with an overpowering dismay. He was defeated. Cursing would do no good, and in his heart he could not even hope to pray. Nyarlathotep — Lord of the Desert! 
It was with a new and deathly fear that he began his journey, choosing a course at random, and hoping against hope that the sudden clouds would lift so that he could have the guidance of the stars. But the clouds did not lift, and only the moon grinned grimly down at the stumbling figure that struggled through the sand. 
Dervish dreams flitted through Stugatche’s consciousness as he walked. Try as he might, the legend of the god haunted him with a sense of impending fulfilment. Vainly he tried to force his drugged mind to forget the suspicions that tormented it. He could not. Over and over again he found himself shivering with fear at the thought of a godly wrath pursuing him to his doom. He had violated a sacred spot, and the Old Ones remember… “his ways are best left unprofaned”…”God of the Desert”…that empty countenance. Stugatche swore viciously, and lumbered on, a tiny ant amid mountains of undulating sand. 

Suddenly it was daylight. The sand faded from purple to violet, then suddenly suffused with an orchid glow. But Stugatche did not see it, because he slept. Long before he had planned, his bloated body had given way beneath the grueling strain, and the coming of dawn found him utterly weary and exhausted. His tired legs buckled under him and he collapsed upon the sand, barely managing to draw the blanket over him before he slept. 
The sun crept across the brazen sky like a fiery ball of lava, pouring its molten rays upon the flaming sands. Stugatche slept on, but his sleep was far from pleasant. The heat brought him strange and disturbing dreams. 
In them he seemed to see the figure of Nyarlathotep pursuing him on a nightmare flight across the desert of fire. He was running over a burning plain, unable to stop, while searing pain ate into his charred and blackened feet. Behind him strode the Faceless God, urging him onward with a staff of serpents. He ran on and on; but always that gruesome presence kept pace behind him. His feet became numbed by the scorching agony of the sand. Soon he was hobbling on ghastly, crumpled .stumps, but despite the torture he dared not stop. The Thing behind him cackled in diabolical mirth, his gigantic laughter rising to the blazing sky.
Stugatche was on his knees now, his crippled legs eaten away into ashy stumps that smoldered acridly even as he crawled. Suddenly the desert became a lake of living flame into which he sank, his scorched body consumed by a blast of livid, unendurable torment. He felt the sand lick pitilessly at his arms, his waist, his very throat; and still his dying senses were filled with a monstrous dread of the Faceless One behind him — a dread transcending all pain. Even as he sank into that white-hot inferno he was feebly struggling on. The vengeance of the god must never overtake him! The heat was overpowering him now; it was frying his cracked and bleeding lips, transforming his scorched body into one ghastly ember of burning anguish. 
He raised his head for the last time before his boiling brain gave way beneath the agony. There stood the Dark One, and even as Stugatche watched he saw the lean, taloned hands reach out to touch his fiery face; saw the dreadful triple-crowned head draw near to him, so that he gazed for one grisly moment into that empty countenance. As he looked he seemed to see something in that black pit of horror — something that was staring at him from illimitable gulfs beyond — something with great flaming eyes that bored into his being with a fury greater than the fires that were consuming him. It told him, wordlessly, that his doom was sealed. Then came a burst of white-hot oblivion, and he sank into the seething sands, the blood bubbling in his veins. But the indescribable horror of that glimpse remained, and the last thing he remembered was the sight of that dreadful, empty countenance and the nameless fear behind it. Then he awoke. 
For a moment his relief was so great that he did not notice the sting of the midday sun. Then, bathed in perspiration, he staggered to his feet and felt the stabbing rays bite into his back. He tried to shield his eyes and glance above to get his bearings, but the sky was a bowl of fire. Desperately, he dropped the blanket and began to tun. The sand was clinging to his feet, slowing his pace and tripping him. It burned his heels. He felt an intolerable thirst. Already the demons of delirium danced madly in his head. He ran, endlessly, and his dream seemed to become a menacing reality. Was it coming true? 
His legs were scorched, his body was seared. He glanced behind. Thank God there was no figure there — yet! Perhaps, if he kept a grip on himself, he might still make it, in spite of the time he had lost. He raced on. Perhaps a passing caravan — but no, it was far out of the caravan route. Tonight the sunset would give him an accurate course. Tonight. 
Damn the heat! Sand all around him. Hills of it, mountains. All alike they were, like the crumbled, cyclopean ruins of titan cities. All were burning, smoldering in the fierce heat. 
The day was endless. Time, ever an illusion, lost all meaning. Stugatche’s weary body throbbed in bitter anguish, filling each moment with a new and deeper torment. The horizon never changed. No mirage marred the cruel, eternal vista; no shadow gave surcease from the savage glare. 
But wait! Was there not a shadow behind him? Something dark and shapeless gloated at the back of his brain. A terrible thought pierced him with sudden realization. Nyarlathotep, God of the Desert! A shadow following him, driving him to destruction. Those legends — the natives warned him, his dreams warned him, even that dying creature on the rack. The Mighty Messenger always claims his own ... a Black man with a staff of serpents... “He cometh from out the desert, across the burning sands, and stalketh his prey throughout the land of his domain.*’ 
Hallucination? Dared he glance back? He turned his fever-addled head. Yes! It was true, this time! There was something behind him, far away on the slope below; something black and nebulous that seemed to pad on stealthy feet. With a muttered curse, Stugatche began to run. Why had he ever touched that image? If he got out of this he would never return to the accursed spot again. The legends were true. God of the Desert! 
He ran on, even though the sun showered bloody kisses on his brow. He was beginning to go blind. There were dazzling constellations whirling before his eyes, and his heart throbbed a shrieking rhythm in his breast. But in his mind there was room for but one thought — escape. 
His imagination began playing him strange tricks. He seemed to see statues in the sand — statues like the one he had profaned. Their shapes towered everywhere, writhing giant-like out of the ground and confronting his path with eery menace. Some were in attitudes with wings outspread, others were tentacled and snake-like, but all were faceless and triple-crowned. He felt that he was going mad, until he glanced back and saw that creeping figure now only a half-mile behind. Then he staggered on, screaming incoherently at the grotesque eidolons barring his way. The desert seemed to take on a hideous personality, as though all nature were conspiring to conquer him. The contorted outlines of the sand became imbued with malignant consciousness; the very sun took on an evil life. Stugatche moaned deliriously. Would night never come? 
It came at last, but by that time Stugatche did not know it anymore. He was a shambling, raving thing, wandering over the shifting sand, and the rising moon looked down on a thing that alternately howled and laughed. Presently the figure struggled to its feet and glanced furtively over its shoulder at a shadow that crept close. Then it began to run again, shrieking over and over again the single word, “Nyarlathotep.” And all the while the shadow lurked just a step behind. 
It seemed to be embodied with a strange and fiendish intelligence, for the shapeless adumbration carefully drove its victim forward in one definite direction, as if purposefully herding it toward an intended goal. The stars now looked upon a sight spawned of delirium — a man, chased across endlessly looming sands by a black shadow. Soon the pursued one came to the top of a hill and halted with a scream. The shadow paused in midair and seemed to wait. 
Stugatche was looking down at the remains of his own camp, just as he had left it the night before, with the sudden awful realization that he had been driven in a circle back to his starting point. Then, with the knowledge, came a merciful mental collapse. He threw himself forward in one final effort to elude the shadow and raced straight for the two stones where the statue was buried. 
Then occurred that which he had feared. Even as he ran, the ground before him quaked in the throes of a gigantic upheaval. The sand rolled in vast, engulfing waves, away from the base of the two boulders. Through the opening rose the idol, glistening evilly in the moonlight. And the oncoming sand from its base caught Stugatche as he ran toward it, sucking at his legs like a quicksand, and yawning at his waist. At the same instant the peculiar shadow rose and leapt forward. It seemed to merge with the statue in midair, a nebulous, animate mist. Then Stugatche, floundering in the grip of the sand, went quite insane with terror. 
The formless statue gleamed living in the livid light, and the doomed man stared straight into its unearthly countenance. It was his dream come true, because behind that mask of stone he saw a face with eyes of yellow madness, and in those eyes he read death. The black figure spread its wings against the hills, and sank into the sand with a thunderous crash. 
Thereafter nothing remained above the earth save a living head that twisted on the ground and struggled futilely to free its imprisoned body from the iron embrace of the encircling sand. Its imprecations turned to frantic cries for mercy, then sank to a sob in which echoed the single word, “Nyarlathotep.” 
When morning came Stugatche was still alive, and the sun baked his brain into a hell of crimson agony. But not for long. The vultures winged across the desert plain and descended upon him, almost as if supernaturally summoned. 
Somewhere, buried in the sands below, an ancient idol lay, and upon its featureless countenance there was the faintest hint of a monstrous, hidden smile. For even as Stugatche the unbeliever died, his mangled lips paid whispered homage to Nyarlathotep, Lord of the Desert


The Grinning Ghoul

Fate plays strange tricks on one, doesn’t it? Six months ago I was a well-known and moderately successful practising psychiatrist; today I am an inmate of a sanatorium for mental cases. In my capacity of alienist and physician I have often committed patients to the selfsame institution in which I myself am now confined, and today—irony of ironies!—I find myself their brother in misfortune. 
And yet I am not really mad. They sent me here because I chose to tell the truth, and it was not the kind of truth men dare to reveal or recognize. I acknowledge that my part in the matter led me to suffer a severe nervous breakdown, but it did not derange me. My story is true; I swear to it—but they will not believe. Of course I really have no substantial proof to offer; I have never seen Professor Chaupin since that eventful night last August, and my subsequent investigations failed to substantiate his claim to a post at Newberry College. This, however, only testifies to the validity of my statement; a statement which sent me to shameful confinement, to a living death which I abhor. 
There is one other concrete proof which I could give if I dared, but that would be too terrible. I must not lead them to the exact spot in that nameless cemetery and point out the passage that yawns beneath that tomb. It is better that I should suffer alone, that the world at large be spared the knowledge that destroys sanity. Yet it is hard for me to live like this, and to the drabness of my days my nighted dreams add endless torment. That is why I choose to set down this account—perhaps the unfolding of my story will serve somehow to ease the painful burden of my memory. 
The affair began one day last August, at my downtown office. It had been a dull vigil that morning, and the long, hot afternoon was nearly over when the nurse ushered in the first patient. It was a gentleman who had never consulted me heretofore; a man who gave his name as Professor Alexander Chaupin, of Newberry College. He spoke sibilantly, with a peculiar foreign intonation which led me to assume that he was not a native of this country. I requested him to be seated and tried to appraise him quickly as he complied with my invitation. 
He was tall and thin. His hair was startlingly white, almost platinum; yet his general physique and appearance were that of a man of forty. His green, unwavering eyes were deeply set in a pale, protruding forehead and were surmounted by long, jet-black brows. The nose was large, with sensual nostrils, but his lips were thin—a physical contradiction which I immediately noticed. The lean hands resting on the table were exceedingly small, with long, tapering fingers terminating in lengthy nails—probably cultivated for use in reading and reference work, I decided. His supple posture was akin to that of a panther in repose; he had the foreigner’s ease and graceful manner. In the sunlight I was able to observe his face, and I discovered his entire countenance to be covered with a network of tiny wrinkles. I noted, too, the peculiar pallor of his skin, which indicated some dermatological disturbance. But by far the strangest thing about him was his unusual mode of dress. His clothes, while obviously new, were incongruous in two respects; they were formal attire in midday, and they did not seem to fit him. They were curiously large; his striped, gray trousers sagged, and his coat bulged strangely. There was dried mud on his patent-leather pumps, and he carried no hat. Obviously he was an eccentric type; a schizophrenic, perhaps, with tendencies toward hypochondria. 
I prepared to ask him the routine questions, but he intervened. He was a busy man, he told me, and he would inform me at once of his difficulty, without unnecessary preliminaries or introductions. He settled himself back in his chair, where the sunlight faded into shadow; cleared his throat nervously, and began. 
He was troubled, he said, because of certain things he had heard and read of; they sent him strange dreams, and often caused him spells of uncontrollable melancholia. This was interfering with his work, and yet he could do nothing since  his obsessions were founded on reality. Finally he had decided to come to me for an analysis of his difficulties. I asked him for an account of his dreams and fancies, half expecting to hear one of the usual image-patterns of the dyspeptic. My assumption, however, proved to be woefully incorrect. 
The most commonplace dream revolved around what I shall call the Misericorde Cemetery, for reasons soon to be apparent. This is a large, ancient, half-abandoned tract in the oldest section of the city, which flourished in the latter part of the past century. The exact location of his nocturnal vision was in and around a certain secluded vault situated in the most dilapidated and archaic portion of the graveyard. The incidents of the dream always occurred at nightfall, beneath a waning and sepulchral moon. Fantastic visions seemed to brood somberly over the midnight landscape, and he spoke vaguely of half-heard voices that seemed to urge him onward as he found himself on the gravel walk that led to the doors of the tomb. 
His dreams usually began in this fashion, in the midst of a sound slumber. He would suddenly be walking up a tree-shaded pathway in the night and enter this tomb by unfastening the rusted chains that barred its portal. Once inside, he seemed to experience no difficulty in guiding his footsteps through the darkness, but with uncanny familiarity would go at once to a certain niche among the biers. He then knelt and pressed a tiny, concealed spring or lever set in the crumbling stones of the floor. A pivot would revolve at the base of the niche and reveal to him a small opening, leading to a moldering cavern below. He spoke here of the nitrous dampness that emanated from this passageway, and the peculiarly nauseous odors of the denser darkness that rose from below. Nevertheless, in his dream he was not repelled, but would immediately enter the chasm and subsequently descend a succession of interminably long staircases cut in stone and earth. Abruptly he would find himself at the bottom. 
Then began another lengthy journey through endless labyrinthine caverns and charnel vaults. On and on he wandered, through cave and crypt, tunnel and abyss-burrowed pit; all cloaked in the blackness of immemorial night. Here he paused in his narrative, and his voice shrank to a shrill, excited whisper. 
The horror always came next. He would suddenly emerge into a series of dimly lighted chambers, and as he stood undetected in the shadows, he would see things. These were the dwellers that laired beneath; the ghastly spawn that ravened on the dead. They dwelt in nighted caverns lined with human bones and adored the primal gods before altars shaped of skulls. They had tunnels leading to the graves, and burrows still farther below in which they stalked a living prey. These were the grisly night-gaunts that he beheld in dreams; these were ghouls. 
He must have seen the look in my face, but he did not falter. His voice, as he continued, became very tense. He would not attempt to describe these creatures save to say that they were very horrible to look upon, in ways peculiarly obscene. It was easy for him to recognize them for what they were because of certain significant acts they always performed. It was the sight of these acts, more than anything else, which made him afraid. There are some things that should not even he hinted at to sane minds, and the things that haunted him nightly were among them. In his visions these beings did not accost him and were seemingly unmindful of his presence; they continued to indulge in eldritch feastings in the charnel chambers or join in orgies without a name. But of this he would say no more. His nocturnal flights always ended with the passage of a vast procession of these monstrosities through a cavern still farther beneath—a journey which he would view from a ledge above. Shuddery glimpses into the realms below led him to recall tales of the Inferno, and he would cry out in his sleep. As he watched that demon processional from the brink, he would suddenly lose his footing and be precipitated into the charnel swarm below. Here his dream would mercifully end, and he would awake, bathed in icy sweat. 
Night after night the visions had come, but this was not the worst of his troubles. His real and besetting fear lay in his knowledge that the visions were true! 
Here I impatiently interrupted, but he insisted upon continuing. Had he not visited the cemetery after the first few dreams and did he not actually find the very vault he had learned to recognize through his dreams? And what about the books? He had been led to institute some extensive research among the private volumes of the college anthropological library. Surely I, as an enlightened and educated man, must admit the veiled and subtle truths so furtively revealed in such tomes as Ludvig Prinn’s Mysteries of the Worm, or the grotesque Black Rites of mystic Luveh-Keraphf, the priest of cryptic Bast. He had made some studies recently in the mad and legendary Necronomicon of Abdul Alhazred. I could not refute the arcana behind such 
things as the banned and infamous Fable of Nyarlathotep, or the Legend of the Elder Saboth. 
Here he broke off into a rambling discourse of obscure secret myths, with frequent allusions to such shadows of antique lore as fabled Leng, lightless N’ken, and demon-haunted Nis; spoke too of such blasphemies as the Moon of Yiggurath and the secret parable of Byagoona the Faceless One. 
Obviously, these incoherent ravings provided the key to his difficulty, and with some argument I succeeded in calming him sufficiently to tell him so. 
His readings and research had brought 	on this attack, I explained. He must not tax his brain with such speculations; these things are dangerous to normal minds. I had read and learned enough of such things to know that such ideas were not meant for men to seek or understand. Besides, he must not take these thoughts too seriously, for after all, these tales were merely allegorical. There are no such things as ghouls and demons— he must see that his dreams could be symbolically interpreted. 
He sat in silence for a moment after I concluded. He sighed, then spoke very deliberately. These things were all very well for me to say, but he knew differently. Had he not recognized the place of his dreams? 
I interjected a remark about the influence of the sub-conscious mind, but he disregarded my assertion and continued. 
Then, he informed me, in a voice that quavered with almost hysterical excitement, he would tell me the worst. He had not yet told me all there was to know about what had occurred when he discovered the vault of his dreams in the cemetery. He had not stopped at this corroboration of his visions. Some nights ago he had gone farther. He had entered the necropolis and found the niche in the wall; descended the stairs and come upon —the rest. How he managed to return he never knew, but on all three of these excursions to the scene he had come back and apparently gone to sleep; the following morning he always was in bed. It was the truth he told me —be had seen the things! Now I must help him at once, before he did something rash. 
I calmed him with difficulty, meanwhile trying to hit upon a logical and effective method of treatment. He was obviously near to a dangerous mental lesion. There would be no use trying to persuade or convince him that he had dreamed the latter incidents as he had the former; that his nervous system had subjected him to sympathetic hallucinations. I could not hope to make him realize in his present state that the books responsible for his affliction were merely the mad ravings of disordered minds. Obviously the only course remaining open was to humor him, and then concretely demonstrate the utter fallacy of his beliefs. 
Therefore, in response to his reiterated pleas, we struck a bargain. He was to undertake to guide me to the place where he claimed his journeys and his dreams had been located, and then prove to me the truth of what he stated. In short, at ten o’clock upon the following evening I agreed to meet him at the graveyard. His pleasure at this arrangement was almost pathetic to see; he smiled upon me like a fond child with a newly bestowed plaything. Obviously he was glad of my decision. 
I prescribed a mild sedative to be taken by him that evening, arranged the minor details of our forthcoming tryst and undertaking; then dismissed him until the following night. His departure left me in a state of great excitement. Here at last was a case worthy of study; a well-educated, seemingly intelligent college professor subject to the ogrish nightmares of a three-year-old infant! I forthwith determined to write a monograph upon the subsequent proceedings. I felt sure that upon the following evening I could conclusively demonstrate the fallacy of his aberration and effect an immediate cure. The night was spent in a frenzy of research and calculated speculation; the following morning in a hasty perusal of the expurgated edition of Comte d’Erlette’s Cultes des Goules. 
Nightfall found me ready for the business at hand. At ten o’clock, clad in hip-boots, rough woolen jacket, miner’s cap with candle in its brim, I was standing at the cemetery entrance. I felt fully prepared for the coming of Professor Alexander Chaupin; still I must confess to an uneasy and inexplicable nyctophobia. I did not relish the unpleasant task to follow. Suddenly I found myself anxiously awaiting the arrival of my patient, if only for the sake of companionship. 
He came at last, similarly attired, and seemingly in better spirits. Together we scaled the low stone wall surrounding the necropolis. Then he led me across the moonlit garden of graves and into the creeping shadows of a silent grove in the heart of the cemetery. Here the tombstones leered crazily amid the darkness, and the rays of the moon fell not. Some atavistic dread caused me to repress an involuntary shudder as my mind dwelt unbidden upon the fearful trafficking of he worms below. I did not care to let my thoughts rest upon the grave-earth, or the diabolic density of the encircling shadows. I was relieved when Chaupin, unperturbed, led me at last up a long avenue of towering trees to the forbidding portals of the tomb he claimed to have profaned. 
I can’t bear to dwell in detail upon that which followed. I shall not tell you of how we unfastened the chains that barred the tomb or describe the grim interior of the mausoleum. It is enough for me to state that Chaupin’s promise was fulfilled; he found the niche by the light of the candles we wore upon our miner’s caps—found the niche and pressed the secret spot, so that the tunnel from below was revealed. I stood aghast at this unexpected revelation, and a sudden blast of fear stabbed my senses into unnatural tenseness. I must have stood gazing into that sable orifice for many minutes. Neither of us spoke. 
For the first time I hesitated. No longer did I have any doubts concerning the validity of the professor’s statements. He had proven them beyond the shadow of a doubt. Still, this did not mean that he was wholly sane; it did not cure him of his obsession. I realized, with a repulsion I could not then explain, that my task was far from ended; that we must descend into those nether depths and settle once and for all the questions yet unanswered. I was not prepared to believe Chaupin’s incoherent rigmarole about imaginary ghouls; the mere existence of a tomb-passage did not necessarily tend to substantiate his other claim. Perhaps if I went with him to the termination of the pit his mind could be put at rest regarding his singular suspicions. But— and I dreaded to acknowledge the possibility—just supposing there really was some malign, distorted truth in his story of what lurked and bided there below? Some band of refugees, fugitives from the law perchance, who might actually denizen the pit? Perhaps accident had led them to stumble upon this unusual hiding-place. If so, what then? 
Still, in this event, something told me that we would have to go on and see for ourselves. To this inward prompting, Chaupin added his vocal pleas. Let him show me the truth, he said, and I could no longer doubt. After that I would believe, and with belief alone could I help. He was begging me to go on, but if I refused he would have to take recourse in a police investigation of the place. 
It was this last point that determined me. I could not afford to see my name mixed up in a mess that involved such spectacular opportunities for scandal. If the man were mad, I could take care of myself. If not—well, we would soon see. Accordingly I gave reluctant consent to proceeding, then stepped aside for him to lead the way. 
The opening gaped like the mouth of a mythic monster. Down we went; down a serpentine, slanting stairway in the damp stone passage that was chiseled out of solid rock. The tunnel was hot and humid, and upon the air was the odor of putrefying life. It was like a journey through the most fantastic realms of nightmare—a journey that led to unknown crypts beneath the corpse-earth. Here were things secret to all but the worms, and as we continued I began to wish that they might remain so. I was actually becoming panicky, though Chaupin seemed oddly calm. 
Several factors contributed to my growing unease. I did not like the stealthy rats that chittered ceaselessly from countless tiny burrows that lined the second spiral of the passage. An army of them swarmed the stairs; all sleek and fat and bloated. I began to conceive some peculiar notions as to the cause of that bloating, and the probable sources of their nocturnal nourishment. Then, too, I noticed that Chaupin seemed to know the way quite well; and if it were true that he had been here before, then what about the rest of his story? 
My eyes, glancing down the stairs, received still another shock. There was no dust on the steps! They looked as if they were constantly in use! For a moment my mind refused to comprehend the import of this discovery, but when at last it burst full-blown upon my brain I felt suddenly stunned. I did not dare to look again, lest my ready imagination conjure up the probable image of what might ascend that stairway from below. 
Hastily dissembling my childish dread, I hurried on after my silent conductor, whose candle threw strange shadows on pitted walls. I realized that I was beginning to be nervous about this whole affair, and I vainly tried to reason myself out of my fears by concentrating on some definite object. 
There certainly was nothing reassuring about our surroundings as we proceeded. The leering, crazily burrowed walls of the tunnel looked ghastly in the torchlight. I suddenly felt that this ancient pathway had not been built by anything normal or akin to sanity, and I dared not let my thoughts impinge on the ultimate revelations which might lie ahead. For a long time we crept on in stark silence. 
Down, down, down; our way ever narrowed into a deeper, damper darkness. Then the staircase abruptly terminated in a cave. There was a bluish light, phosphorescent as ultraviolet, and I wondered as to its source. It revealed a small, smooth-surfaced, open area, overhung with rows of colossal stalactites and vast basic pylons of massive breadth. Beyond, in the denser dark, were openings to other burrows, leading to seemingly endless vistas of forgotten night. An air of creeping horror froze my heart; we seemed to have profaned in our intrusion some mysteries better left unsought. I began to tremble, but Chaupin gripped me roughly and dug his thin fingers into my shoulders as he told me to keep silent. 
He whispered as we huddled side by side in that dim and twilit cavern under the earth; whispered awesomely of what he said lurked and shambled in the darkness just beyond. He would prove now that his words were true; I must wait here while he ventured into the black beyond. When he returned he would bring me proof. So saying, he rose and walked swiftly forward, disappearing almost immediately into one of the burrows just ahead. He left me so suddenly that I did not even have time to voice my objections to his proposal. 
I sat there in the darkness and waited— I dared not guess for what. Would Chaupin return? Was it all a monstrous hoax? Was Chaupin mad, or was it all true? If so, what might not happen to him in that labyrinth beyond? And what might happen to me? I had been a fool ever to think of coming: the whole thing was insane. Perhaps those books were not so absurd as I had thought: the earth may nurse hideous secrets in its ageless breast. 
The blue light cast screening shadows on the stalactite walls and crowded closely around the dim circle of luminance afforded by my tiny torch. I did not like those shadows: they were distorted, unhealthy, disconcertingly deep. The silence was even more potent: it seemed to hint of nameless things yet to come; it mocked unbearably my growing fear and loneliness. The minutes crawled like maggots on their way and nothing broke that deadly stillness. 
Then came the cry. A sudden crescendo of indescribable madness welled upon the entombed air, and my soul cleaved, for I knew what that cry meant. I knew now—now, when it was too late—that Chaupin’s words were true. 
But I dared not pause or ponder, because soon there came a soft padding from the far-off darkness—the rustling scrape of frantic movement. I turned and raced up the sub terrene staircase with the speed of utter desperation. No need for me to look back; my horrified ears clearly caught the cadence of running feet. I heard nothing but the clamor of those feet or paws until my own breath rasped in my ears as I rounded the first spiral of those interminable stairs. I stumbled upward, gasping and choking; a realization in my soul that ate away every thought save one of deathly fear and grinning horror. Poor Chaupin! 
It seemed to me that the sounds were drawing nearer and nearer; then came a hoarse barking on the stairs directly below; a bestial growling that sickened me with its semi-human tones, and an accompanying laughter that was loathly with horror. They were coming! 
I ran on, to the rhythmic thundering of the footfalls below. I dared not glance behind me, but I knew that they were closing the gap. The hairs rose upon my neck as I sped up endless flights that writhed and twisted like a serpent in the earth. I toiled and shrieked aloud, but the baying horrors were at my very heels. On, on, on, on; closer and closer and closer, while my body burned with pain and agony. 
The stairs ended at last, and I squirmed madly through the narrow opening while the creatures raced through the darkness barely ten yards behind. I made it just as the candle in my cap flickered out; then I jammed the stone back into place, full in the faces of the foremost oncoming horrors. But as I did so my dying candle flared up for a single moment so that I saw the first of my pursuers in the glaring light. Then it went out; I slammed the portal into place and somehow staggered back to the world of men. 
I shall never forget that night, whatever I do to erase those hideous memories; never shall I find the sleep I crave. I dare not even kill myself for fear of being buried instead of cremated; though death would be welcome to such as I have become. I shall never forget, because now I know the whole truth of the affair; but there is one memory I would give my soul to blot for ever from my brain—that mad moment when I saw the monsters in the torchlight; the laughing, drooling horrors from below. 
The first and foremost of them all was the laughing, gloating monster known to men as Professor Chaupin!

The Opener of the Way

The statue of Anubis brooded over the darkness. Its blind eyes had basked in the blackness for unnumbered centuries, and the dust of ages had settled upon its stony brow. The damp air of the pit had caused its canine features to crumble, but the stone lips of the image still were curled in a snarling grin of cryptic mirth. It was almost as if the idol were alive; as if it had seen the shadowed centuries slip by, and with them the glory of Egypt and the old gods. Then indeed would it have reason to grin, at the thought of ancient pomp and vain and vanished splendor. But the statue of Anubis, Opener of the Way, jackal-headed god of Kameter, was not alive, and those that had bowed in worship were long dead. Death was everywhere; it haunted the shadowy tunnel where the idol stood, hidden away in the mummy-cases and biding amidst the very dust of the stone floor. Death, and darkness — darkness not dispelled by light these three thousand years. 
Today, however, light came. It was heralded by a grating clang, as the iron door at the further end of the passageway swung open on its rusted hinges; swung open for the first time in thirty centuries. Through the opening came the strange illumination of a torch, and the sudden sound of voices. 
There was something indescribably eery about the event. For three thousand years no light had shone in these black and buried vaults; for three thousand years no feet had disturbed the dusty carpet of their floors; for three thousand years no voice had sent its sound through the ancient air. The last light had come from a sacred torch in the hand of a priest of Bast; the last feet to violate the dust had been encased in Egyptian sandals; the last voice had spoken a prayer in the language of the Upper Nile. 
And now, an electric torch flooded the scene with sudden light; booted feet stamped noisily across the floor, and an English voice gave vent to fervent profanity. In the torchlight the bearer of the illumination was revealed. He was a tall, thin man, with a face as wrinkled as the papyrus parchment he clutched nervously in his left hand. His white hair, sunken eyes and yellowed skin gave him the aspect of an old man, but the smile upon his thin lips was full of the triumph of youth. Close behind him crowded another, a younger replica of the first. It was he who had sworn. “For the love of God, father — we’ve made it!” 
“Yes, my boy, so we have.” 
“Look! There’s the statue, just as the map showed it!” 
The two men stepped softly in the dust-strewn passage and halted directly in front of the idol. Sir Ronald Barton, the bearer of the light, held it aloft to inspect the figure of the god more closely. Peter Barton stood at his side, eyes following his father’s gaze. For a long moment the invaders scrutinized the guardian of the tomb they had violated. It was a strange moment there in the underground burrow, a moment that spanned eternity as the old confronted the new. 
If the idol had been given the gift of sight it might have contrasted these white-skinned, smartly-accoutered intruders with the masked and dusky priests of olden days. But Anubis could not see; the god merely grinned in chimeric glee, with stone teeth bared in a centuries-old smile. 
But the two men gazed up at the eidolon in astonishment and awe. The colossal figure of the jackal-god dominated the dim passage, and its weathered form still held vestiges of imposing grandeur and inexplicable menace. The sudden influx of outer air from the opened door had swept the idol’s body free of dust, and the intruders scrutinized its gleaming form with a certain vague unease. Twelve feet tall was Anubis, a man-like figure with the dog- face of a jackal upon massive shoulders. The arms of the statue were held forth in an attitude of warning, as if endeavoring to repel the passage of outsiders. This was peculiar, for to ail intents and purposes the guardian figure had nothing behind it but a narrow niche in the wall. 
There was an air of evil suggestion about the god, however; a hint of bestial humanity in its body which seemed to hide a secret, sentient life. The knowing smile on the carven countenance seemed cynically alive; the eyes, though stony, held a strange and disturbing awareness. It was as though the statue were alive; or, rather, as though it were merely a stone cloak that harbored life. 
The two explorers sensed this without speaking, and for a long minute they contemplated the Opener of the Way uneasily. Then, with a sudden start, the older man resumed his customary briskness of manner. “Well, son, let’s not stand here gawking at this thing all day! We have plenty to do yet — the biggest task remains. Have you looked at the map?” 
“Yes, father.” The younger man’s voice was not nearly as loud or as firm as Sir Ronald’s. He did not like the mephitic air of the stone passageway; he did not care for the stench that seemed to spawn in the shadows of the corners. He was acutely aware of the fact that he and his father were in a hidden tomb, seven hundred feet below the desert sands; a secret tomb that had lain unopened for thirty creeping centuries. And he could not help but remember the curse. 
Because there was a curse on the place; indeed, it was that which had led to its discovery. Sir Ronald had found it in the excavation of the Ninth Pyramid, the moldering papyrus parchment which held the key to a secret way. How he had smuggled it past the heads of the expedition nobody can say, but he had managed the task somehow. 
After all, he was not wholly to be blamed, though the theft of expeditionary trophies is a serious offense. But for twenty years Sir Ronald Barton had combed the deserts, uncovered sacred relics, deciphered hieroglyphics, and disinterred mummies, statues, ancient furniture, or precious stones. He had unearthed untold wealth and incredibly valuable manuscripts for his Government; yet he was still a poor man, and had never been rewarded by becoming head of an expedition of his own. Who can blame him if he took that one misstep which he knew would lead him to fame and fortune at last? 
Besides, he was getting old, and after a score of years in Egypt all archeologists are a little mad. There is something about the sullen sun overhead that paralyzes the brains of men as they ferret in the sand, digging in unhallowed ruins; something about the damp, dark stillness underground in temple vaults that chills the soul. It is not good to look upon the old gods in the places where they still rule – cat-headed Bubastis, serpentine Set, and evil Amon-Ra frown down as sullen guardians in the purple pylons before the pyramids. Overall is an air of forbidden things long dead, and it creeps into the blood. Sir Ronald had dabbled in sorcery, a bit; so perhaps it affected him more strongly than the rest. At any rate, he stole the parchment. 
It had been penned by a priest of ancient Egypt, but the priest had not been a holy man. No man could write as he had written without violating his vows. It was a dreadful thing, that manuscript, steeped in sorcery and hideous with half-hinted horrors. 
The enchanter who had written it alluded to gods far older than those he worshipped. There was mention of the “Demon Messenger” and the “Black Temple,” coupled with the secret myth and legend-cycles of pre-Adamite days. Just as the Christian religion has its Black Mass, just as every sect has its hidden Devil-worship, the Egyptians knew their own darker gods. 
The names of these accursed ones were set forth, together with the orisons necessary for their invocation. Shocking and blasphemous statements abounded in the text; threats against the reigning religion, and terrible curses upon the people who upheld it. Perhaps that is why Sir Ronald found it buried with the mummy of the priest — its discoverers had not dared to destroy it, because of the doom which might befall them. They had their way of vengeance, though; because the mummy of the priest was found without arms, legs, or eyes, and these were not lost through decay. 
Sir Ronald, though he found the above-mentioned portions of the parchment intensely interesting, was much more impressed by the last page. It was here that the sacrilegious one told of the tomb of his master, who ruled the dark cult of the day. There were a map, a chart, and certain directions. These had not been written in Egyptian, but in the cuneiform chorography of Chaldea. Doubtless that is why the old avenging priests had not sought out the spot for themselves to destroy it. They were probably unfamiliar with the language; unless they were kept away by fear of the curse. Peter Barton still remembered that night in Cairo when he and his father had first read it in translation. He recalled the avid gleam in Sir Ronald’s glittering eyes, the tremulous depth in his guttural voice. 
“And as the maps direct, there you shall find the tomb of the Master, who lies with his acolytes and all his treasure.” Sir Ronald’s voice nearly broke with excitement as he pronounced this last word. “And at the entrance upon the night that the Dog-Star is ascendant yon must give up three jackals upon an altar in sacrifice, and with the blood bestrew the sands about the opening. Then the bats shall descend, that they may have feasting, and carry their glad tidings of blood to Father Set in the Underworld.” 
“Superstitious rigmarole!” young Peter had exclaimed. 
“Don’t scoff, son,” Sir Ronald advised. “I could give you reasons for what it says above, and make you understand. But I am afraid that the truth would disturb you unnecessarily.” 
Peter had stayed silent while his father read on: “Upon descending into the outer passage you will find the door, set with the symbol of the Master who waits within. Grasp the symbol by the seventh tongue in the seventh head, and with a knife remove it Then shall the barrier give way, and the gate to the tomb be yours. Thirty and three are the steps along the inner passage, and there stands the statue of Anubis, Opener of the Way.” 
“Anubis! But isn’t he a regular Egyptian deity — a recognized one?” Peter broke in. 
His father answered from the manuscript itself: “Lord Anubis holds the keys to Life and Death; he guards cryptic Karneter, and none shall pass the Veil without consent. Some there are who deem the Jackal-god to be a friend of those who rule, but he is not. Anubis stands in shadows, for he is the Keeper of Mysteries. In olden days for which there is no number it is written that Lord Anubis revealed himself to men, and he who then was Master fashioned the first image of the god in his true likeness. Such is the image that you will find at the end of the inner passageway — the first true image of the Opener of the Way.” 
“Astounding!” Peter had muttered. “Think what it means if this is true; imagine finding the original statue of the god!” 
His father merely smiled, a trifle wanly, Peter thought. 
“There are ways in which the first image differs from the rest,” said the manuscript. “These ways are not good for men to know; so the first likeness was hidden by the Masters through the ages, and worshipped according to its demands. But now that our enemies — may their souls and vitals rot! — have dared profane the rites, the Master saw fit to hide the image and bury it with him when he died.” 
Sir Ronald’s voice quivered as he read the next few lines: “But Anubis does not stand at the head of the inner passage for this reason alone. He is truly called the Opener of the Way, and without his help none may pass to the tomb within.” Here the older man stopped completely for a long moment. 
“What’s the matter?” inquired Peter, impatiently. “I suppose there’s another silly ritual involving the statue of the god, eh?” 
His father did not answer, but read on to himself, silently. Peter noticed that Sir Ronald’s hands trembled as he held the parchment, and when the older man looked up at last his face was very pale. “Yes, my boy,” he replied, huskily. “That’s what it is — another silly ritual. But no need to bother about it until we get to the place itself.” 
“You mean to go there — discover the spot?” asked the young man, eagerly. 
“I must go there.” Sir Ronald’s tone was constrained. He glanced again at the last portion of the parchment: “But beware, for those who do not believe shall die. Pass Lord Anubis though they may, still he shall know and not permit of their return unto the world of men. For the eidolon of Anubis is a very strange one indeed and holds a secret soul.” The old archeologist blurted out these last words very quickly, and immediately folded up the parchment again. After that he had deliberately turned the talk to practical affairs, as if seeking to forget what he had read. 
The next weeks were spent in preparation for the trip to the south, and Sir Ronald seemed to avoid his son, except when it was necessary to converse with him on matters pertaining directly to the expeditionary affairs. But Peter had not forgotten. He wondered what it was his father had read silently; that secret ritual which would enable one to pass beyond the Opener of the Way. Why had his father blanched and trembled, then quickly changed the subject to saner things? Why had he guarded the parchment so closely? And just what was the nature of the “curse” the manuscript mentioned at the last? 
Peter pondered these questions a great deal, but he had gradually dispelled his stronger fears, because of the necessary preoccupation with technical details which the organizing of their expedition subsequently entailed. Not until he and his father were actually in the desert did his misgivings return, but then they plagued him mightily. 
There is an air of eon-spawned antiquity about the desert, a certain aura of the ancient which makes one feel that the trivial triumphs of man are as fleeting and quickly obscured as his foot- prints in the shifting sand. In such places there descends upon the soul a sphinx-like brooding, and somber soliloquies rise, unrepressed, to rule the mind. 
Young Peter had been affected by the spell of the silent sands. He tried to remember some of the things his father had once told him concerning Egyptian sorcery, and the miraculous magic of the high priests. Legends of tombs and underground horrors took on a new reality here in the place of their birth. Peter Barton knew personally many men who had believed in the potency of curses, and some of them had died strangely. There was the Tut-Ankh-Ahmen affair, and the Paut temple scandal, and the terrible rumors concerning the end of that unsavory adventurer, Doctor Stugatche. At night, under the spying stars, he would recall these and similar tales, then shudder anew at the thought of what might lie before him. 
When Sir Ronald had made camp at the spot designated by the map, there had been new and more concrete terrors. That first night, Sir Ronald had gone off alone into the hills behind the tents. He bore with him a white goat, and a sharp knife. His son, following, had come upon the old man after a deed had been done, so that the sand had been given to drink. The goat’s blood shone horribly in the moonlight, and there was a red glare of corresponding violence in the slayer’s eyes. Peter had not made his presence known, for he did not deem it wise to interrupt his father while the old man was muttering those outlandish Egyptian phrases to a mocking moon. 
Indeed, Peter was more than a little afraid of Sir Ronald, else he would have attempted to dissuade him from continuing the expedition. But there was something in Sir Ronald’s manner which hinted at a mad, unthwartable determination. It was that which made Peter keep silent; that which held him from bluntly asking his father the true details about the parchment’s mysterious “curse.” 
The day after the peculiar incident in the midnight hills, Sir Ronald, after consulting certain zodiacal charts, announced that the digging would start. Carefully, eyes on the map, he measured his paces to an exact spot in the sands and ordered the men to work. By sundown a ten-foot shaft yawned like a great wound in the earth, and excited natives proclaimed the presence of a door beneath. 
Sir Ronald rewarded them with spirits sufficient to plunge them all into a comatose slumber long before midnight; then he opened the crates where the jackals were kept. Peter assisted him in this task, but reluctantly. Peter, remembering the instructions in the parchment, knew why his father had taken the three beasts along; knew why he had withheld digging until a night when Canis was ascendant; realized, too, that the stuporous sleep of the men was by no means accidental. The manuscript specified that the blood of three jackals should be spilled in accordance with the old rites of propitiation. So Sir Ronald took the creatures over to a spot among the stones before the excavation, and Peter watched silently from afar. 
He saw a gleaming blade rise and descend thrice in the mad moonlight; heard three keening cries well out in the desert air; and the wind bore its scented baptism of blood. Then, with uncanny swiftness, there came a rustling from above, and the moon was blotted out by a brood of bats. Their beating wings coursed cloud-like over its phosphorescent face, and with eager squeaking the charnel swarm descended to batten on the bloody bodies of the beasts. 
That terrible scurrying and tittering, coupled with a gust of ghoulish stench, made Peter reel with uncontrollable nausea. He had turned hastily away, but not before his eyes were assailed by the sight of Sir Ronald Barton crouching obscenely over the jackals, his face and body nearly obscured by a swarm of circling bats. On his face there was a hideous smile, and with his knife he was digging chunks of raw flesh from the carcasses beneath him — chunks of raw flesh which he held in outstretched hands, feeding the scavenger bats as they flew. And when he bent and nuzzled at one of the bodies with his own teeth, Peter ran sobbing to his tent, only to spend the rest of the night in torment-torpid dreams. The next morning he noticed that his father’s lips were unnaturally red… 

That day they had descended to the outer door. Neither Peter nor his father spoke of what had occurred the previous night, and the men ascribed their sleep to the spirits alone. Evidently Sir Ronald had disposed of the fleshy remnants and bones of his victims before retiring; for there was now nought visible around the stones of the opening. And the terrible clinging odor of decay might very well be ascribed to the noisome emanations of the pit below. 
By this time Peter, whose nerves were near the breaking point, was too much afraid of his father to demur when ordered to descend to the floor of the excavation. Undoubtedly the elder man was in the grip of a severe aberration, but Peter, who really loved his father, thought it advisable not to provoke him by refusing to obey. He did not like the idea of going down into that chasm, for the seeping smell was distressingly repulsive. But the stench below was a thousand times more bearable than the sight of the dark door through which it had slithered. 
This evidently was the door to the outer passageway that the manuscript had mentioned. All at once Peter knew what was meant by the allusion to the “seventh tongue in the seventh head,” and wished that the meaning had remained for ever obscured from his brain. For the door was set with a silver symbol, framed in the familiar ideography of Egyptological lore. This central symbol consisted of the heads of the seven principal Egyptian gods — Osiris, Isis, Ra, Bast, Thoth, Set, and Anubis. But the horror lay in the fact that all seven heads protruded from a common body, and it was not the body of any god heretofore known in myth. It was not anthropomorphic, that figure; it held nothing that aped the human form. And Peter could recall no parallel in all the Egyptian cosmology or pantheon which could be remotely construed to resemble this utterly alien horror. 
The quixotic abhorrence it induced cannot be ascribed to anything which may be put into words. The sight of it seemed to send little tentacles of terror through Peter’s eyes; tiny tentacles that took root in his brain, to drain it dry of all feeling save frantic fear. Part of this may have been due to the fact that the body appeared to be constantly changing; melting, that is, from one indescribable shape to another. When viewed from a certain angle the form was that of a Medusa-like mass of serpents; a second gaze revealed that the thing was a glistening array of vampiric flowers, with gelid, protoplasmic petals that seemed to weave in blob-like thirst for blood. A third scrutiny made it appear that the formless mass was nothing but a chaotic jumble of silver skulls. At another time it seemed to hold a certain hidden pattern of the cosmos — stars and planets so compressed as to hint at the enormity of all space beyond. 
What devilish craft could produce such a baffling nightmare composite Peter could not say, and he did not like to imagine that the insane thing was the pattern of any human artist. He fancied that there was some sinister implication of allegorical significance about the door, that the heads, set on the background of that baffling body, were somehow symbolic of a secret horror which rules behind all human gods. But the more he looked, the more his mind became absorbed in the intricate silvery maze of design. It was compelling, hypnotic; glimpsing it was like pondering upon the meaning of Life — pondering in that awful way that drives philosophers mad. 
From this beguilement, Peter was roughly awakened by his father’s voice. He had been very curt and abrupt all morning, but now his words were fraught with an unmistakable eagerness. “It’s the place all right — the door of the parchment! Now I know what Prinn must have meant in his chapter on the Saracenic rituals; the part where he spoke of the ‘symbols on the gate’. We must photograph this after we finish. I hope we can move it later, if the natives don’t object.” 
There was a hidden relish in his words which Peter disliked, and almost feared. He became suddenly aware of how little fie really knew about his father and his secret studies of recent years; recalled reluctantly certain guarded tomes he had glimpsed in the library at Cairo. And last night, his father had been out there with the bats, like some mad old priest. Did he really believe such nonsense? Or did he know it was the truth? 
“Now!” The old man’s voice was triumphant. “I have the knife. Stand back.” 
With fearful, fascinated eyes, Peter saw his father insert the tip of the knife under the seventh head — that of Anubis. Steel grated on silver; then the latter gave. As the dog-like head slowly turned as though actuated by a hidden pivot, the door swung open with a brazen clangor that echoed and re-echoed through the musty depths beyond. 
And musty those depths proved to be. A noxious acrid scent burst forth from its long imprisonment, a charnel fetor. It was not the natron or spice-laden miasma common to most tombs; rather it held the concentrated essence of death itself — mildewed bones, putrefied flesh, and crumbled dust. Once the first strength of the gaseous vapor had abated, Sir Ronald immediately stepped inside. He was followed, though much less quickly, by his son. The thirty-and-three sloping steps along the corridor were traversed, as the manuscript had foretold. Then, lantern in hand, the old man was confronted by the enigmatic eidolon of Anubis. 
After that first dismaying scrutiny, during which Peter had uneasily recalled these memories of preceding incidents. Sir Ronald interrupted his son’s revery and spoke. He whispered there, before the giant statue of the god that seemed to frown down upon the puniness of men with baleful, conscious eyes. Some trick of the lantern-light seemed to change the contours of that stone countenance; its chiseled grin was transformed into a gloating leer of mirthless menace. Yet the grim apprehension this aroused in Peter was soon overpowered by more acute fright when he heard his father’s words. 
“Listen, boy. I did not tell you all that the parchment revealed to me that night. You remember, there was a part I read only to myself. Well, I had reasons for not letting you know the rest then; you would not have understood, and probably would have refused to come here with me. I needed you too much to risk that. 
You don’t know what this moment means to me, my son. For years I’ve worked and studied in secret over things which others scoff at as superstitious fancies. I believed, however, and I have learned. There are always lurking truths behind every forgotten religion; distorted facts which can be rationalized into new concepts of reality. I’ve been on the trail of something like this for a long time — I knew that if I could discover a tomb like this it must surely contain proofs which would convince the world. There are probably mummies within – the bodies of this cult’s secret leaders. That’s not what I’m after, though. It’s the knowledge that’s buried with them; the papyrus manuscripts that hold forbidden secrets — wisdom the world has never known! Wisdom — and power!” 
Sir Ronald’s voice was shrill with unnatural excitement. “Power! I have read about the inner circles of the Black Temple, and the cult that was ruled by those designated as Masters in this parchment. They were not ordinary priests of magic; they had trafficking with entities from outside human spheres. Their curses were feared, and their wishes respected. Why? Because of what they knew. I tell you, in this tomb we may find secrets that can give us mastery over half the world! Death-rays, and insidious poisons, old books and potent spells whose efficacy may bring a renascence of primal gods again. Think of it! One could control governments, rule kingdoms, destroy enemies with that knowledge! And there will be jewels, wealth and riches undreamt of, the treasure of a thousand thrones!” 
He is quite mad, Peter thought. For a moment he entertained a frantic impulse to turn and run back through the corridor; he wanted to see the sanity of a sun overhead and feel a breath of air on his brow that was not dust-polluted by dead centuries. But the old man grasped him by the shoulders as he mumbled on, and Peter was forced to remain. 
“You don’t understand, I see. Perhaps it’s for the best; but no matter, I know what I’m about. You will, too, after I do what is necessary. I must tell you now what the parchment said; that portion of it which I did not read aloud.” 
Some inner instinct screamed silent warnings in Peter’s brain. He must get away — he must! But his father’s grip was firm, though his voice trembled. “The part I refer to is that which tells one how to get past this statue and into the tomb itself. No, nothing can be discovered by looking at the thing; there’s no secret passage behind it; no levers concealed in the body of the god. The Master and his acolytes were cleverer than that. Mechanical means are of no avail — there’s only one way to enter into the tomb beyond, and that is through the body of the god itself!” 
Peter gazed again into the mask-like countenance of Anubis. The jackal-face was contorted in cunning comprehension — or was it only a trick of the light? His father hurried on. 
“That sounds bizarre, but it’s the truth. You remember what the parchment said about this statue being the first one — different from the rest? How it emphasized the fact that Anubis is the Opener of the Way, and hinted at its secret soul? Well, the next lines explained that. It seems that the figure can turn upon a pivot and open a space behind it into the tomb, but only when the idol is animated by a human consciousness.” 
They were all mad, Peter knew. He, his father, the old priests, and the statue itself; all insane entities in a world of chaos. 
“That means only one thing. I must hypnotize myself by gazing at the god; hypnotize myself until my soul enters its body and opens the way beyond.” 
Peter’s blood was frozen ice in his veins. 
“It’s not so bizarre a conception at that. The yogis believe that in their trances they incarnate themselves with the godhead; the self-hypnotic state is a religious manifestation among all races. And mesmerism is a scientific truth; a truth known and practised thousands of years before psychology was postulated as an organized study. These priests evidently knew the principle. So that is what I must do — hypnotize myself so that my soul or consciousness enters the image. Then I shall be able to open the tomb behind.” 
“But the curse!” Peter muttered, finding his voice at last. “You know what it says about a curse on unbelievers — something about Lord Anubis being a guardian as well as an Opener of the Way. What about that?” 
“Sheer humbug!” Sir Ronald’s tone was fanatically firm. “That was merely inserted to frighten off tomb-looters. At any rate, I must risk it. All you need do is wait. Once I pass into a trance, the statue will move, and the passage beyond will be disclosed. Enter it, immediately. Then give my body a good shake to break the coma, and I’ll be all right again.” 
There was in his father’s words an authority which could not be denied. So Peter held the lantern aloft and allowed its beams to play over the face of Anubis. He stood in silence while his father focussed his gaze upon the jackal eyes — those stony, staring eyes that had so disturbed them with hints of a secret life. It was a terrible tableau; the two men, the twelve-foot god, confronting each other in a black vault beneath the earth. 
Sir Ronald’s lips moved in fragments of ancient Egyptian prayers. His eyes were fixed upon a nimbus of light that had settled about the canine forehead. Gradually his stare became glassy; nictation ceased, and the pupils glowed with a peculiar nyctalopic fire. The man’s body sagged visibly, as if it were being vampirically drained of all life. 
Then, to Peter’s horror, a pallor overspread his father’s face, and he sank down silently upon the stone floor. But his eyes never left those of the idol. Peter’s left arm, which held the lantern aloft, was seized with a spasmodic convulsion of utter fright. Minutes sped away in silence. Time has no meaning in a place of death. 
Peter could not think. He had seen his father practise self-hypnosis before, with mirrors and lights; he knew it was perfectly harmless in the hands of a skilled adept. But this was different. Could he enter the body of an Egyptian god? And if he did — what of the curse? These two questions reverberated like tiny voices somewhere in his being, but they were engulfed by overpowering fear. This fear rose to a mad crescendo as Peter saw the change occur. All at once his father’s eyes flickered like dying fires, and consciousness went out. But the eyes of the god — the eyes of Anubis were no longer stone! 
The cyclopean statue was alive! 
His father had been right. He had done it — hypnotized his consciousness into the body of the idol. Peter gasped, as a sudden thought slithered into his brain. If his father’s theory had been correct so far, then what about the rest? He had said that once inside the figure, his soul would direct it to open the way. But nothing was happening. What was wrong? 
In panic, Peter bent down and examined the body of his father. It was limp, cold, and lifeless. Sir Ronald was dead! 
Unbidden, Peter remembered the parchment’s cryptic warnings: “Those who do not believe shall die. Pass Lord Anubis though they may, still he shall know and not permit of their return unto the world of men. For the eidolon of Anubis is strange indeed and holds a secret soul.” 
A secret soul! Peter, terror throbbing in his temples, raised the lantern aloft and looked once more into the god’s face. Again he saw that the stony, snarling mask of Anubis held living eyes! They glittered bestially, knowingly, evilly. And Peter, seeing them, went berserk. He did not — could not— think; all he knew was that his father was dead, and this statue had somehow killed him and come alive. 
So Peter Barton suddenly rushed forward, screaming hoarsely, and began to beat upon the stone idol with futile fists. His bleeding, lacerated knuckles clawed at the cold legs, but Anubis did not stir. Yet his eyes still held their awful life. The man cursed in sheer delirium, babbling in a tortured voice as he started to climb up to that mocking face. He must know what lay behind that gaze, see the tiling and destroy its unnatural life. As he climbed, he sobbed his father’s name in agony. 
How long it took him to reach the top he never knew; the last minutes were merely a red blur of nightmare frenzy. When he recovered his senses he was clinging precariously to the statue’s neck, his feet braced on the belly of the image. And he was still staring into those dreadful living eyes. 
But even as he gazed, the whole face was twisting into a sudden ghastly life; the lips drew back into a cavern of cackling mirth, and the fangs of Anubis were bared in terrible, avid lust. The arms of the god crushed him in a stone embrace; the claw-like fingers tightened about his quivering, constricted throat; the gaping muzzle ravened as stone teeth sank jackal-like into his neck. Thus he met his doom — but it was a welcome doom after that final moment of revelation. 
The natives found Peter’s bloodless body lying crushed and crumpled at the idol’s feet; lying before the statue of Anubis like a sacrifice of olden days. His father was beside him, and he too was dead. They did not linger there in the forbidden, forgotten fastness of that ancient crypt, nor attempt to enter into the tomb behind. Instead, they reclosed the doors and returned home. There they said that the old and young effendi had killed themselves; and that is not surprising. There were really no other indications for them to go by. The statue of Anubis stood once more serene in the shadows; still grimly guarding the secret vaults beyond, and there was no longer any hint of life in its eyes. 
And so there is none who knows what Peter Barton knew just before he died; none to know that as Peter went down into death he stared upward and beheld the revelation which made that death a welcome deliverance. Because Peter learned what animated the body of the god; knew what lived within it in a dreadful, distorted way; knew what was being forced to kill him. Because as he died he gazed at last into the living stone face of Anubis — the living stone face that held his father’s tortured eyes.

The Dark Demon

It has never been put on paper before—the true story of Edgar Gordon’s death. As a matter of fact, nobody but myself knows that he is dead; people have gradually forgotten about the strange dark genius whose eldritch tales were once so popular among fantasy lovers everywhere. Perhaps it was his later work which so alienated the public —the nightmare hints and outlandish fancies of his final books. Many people branded the extravagantly worded tomes as the work of a madman, and even his correspondents refused to comment on some of the unpublished stuff he sent them. Then too, his furtive and eccentric private life was not wholesomely regarded by those who knew him in the days of his early success. Whatever the cause, he and his writings have been doomed to oblivion by a world which always ignores what it cannot quite understand. Now everyone who does remember thinks that Gordon has merely disappeared. That is good, in view of the peculiar way in which he died. But I have decided to tell the truth. You see, I knew Gordon very well. I was, truthfully, the last of all his friends, and I was there at the end. I owe him a debt of gratitude for all he has done for me, and how could I more fittingly repay it than to give to the world the true facts concerning his sad mental metamorphosis and tragic death? 
If I can hope to clarify these things, and clear Gordon’s name from the unjust stigma of insanity, I feel that I have not lived in vain. Therefore, this statement is written. 
I am quite aware that this story may not be believed. There are certain—shall we say, sensational aspects?—which have caused me to debate the step I am taking in laying his case before the public. But I have a debt to repay; a tribute, rather, to the genius that once was Edgar Henquist Gordon. Hence, the tale. 
It must have been six years ago that I first met him. I had not even known that we both resided in the same city, until a mutual correspondent inadvertently mentioned the fact in a letter. 
I had, of course, heard of him before. Being a hopeful (and at times, hopeless) amateur writer myself, I was enormously influenced and impressed by his work in the various magazines catering to the fantastic literature I loved. At this time he was known in a small way to practically all readers of such journals as an exceptionally erudite writer of horror tales. His style had won him renown in this small field, though even then there were those who professed to scoff at the grotesquery of his themes. 
But I ardently admired him. As a result, I invited myself to pay a social call upon Mr. Gordon at his home. We became friends. 
Surprisingly enough, this reclusive dreamer seemed to enjoy my company. He lived alone, cultivated no acquaintances, and had no contact with his friends save through correspondence. His mailing list, however, was voluminous. He exchanged letters with authors and editors all over the country; would-be writers, aspiring journalists, and thinkers and students everywhere. Once his reserve was penetrated, he seemed pleased to have my friendship. Needless to say, I was delighted. 
What Edgar Gordon did for me in the next three years can never adequately be told. His able assistance, friendly criticism and kind encouragement finally succeeded in making a writer of sorts out of me, and after that our mutual interest formed an added bond between us. 
What he revealed about his own magnificent stories astounded me. Yet I might have suspected something of the sort from the first. 
Gordon was a tall, thin, angular man with the pale face and deep-set eyes which bespeak the dreamer. His language was poetic and profound; his personal mannerisms were almost somnambulistic in their weaving slowness, as though the mind which directed his mechanical movements was alien and far away. From these signs, therefore, I might have guessed his secret. But I did not, and was properly astonished when he first told me. 
For Edgar Gordon wrote all of his stories from dreams! The plot, setting, and characters were products of his own colorful dream life—all he need do was transcribe his sleeping fancies on paper. 
This was, I later learned, not an entirely unique phenomenon. The late Edward Lucas White claimed to have written several books based entirely on night-fancies. H. P. Lovecraft had produced a number of his splendid tales inspired by a similar source. And of course, Coleridge had visioned his Kublai Khan in a dream. Psychology is full of instances attesting to the possibility of nocturnal inspiration. 
But what made Gordon’s confession so strange was the personal peculiarities attendant upon his own dream stages. He quite seriously claimed that he could close his eyes at any time, allow himself to relax into a somnolent doze, and proceed to dream endlessly. It did not matter whether this was done by day or by night; nor whether he slumbered for fifteen hours or fifteen minutes. He seemed particularly susceptible to subconscious impressions. 
My slight researches into psychology led me to believe that this was a form of self-hypnosis, and that his short naps were really a certain stage of mesmeric sleep, in which the subject is open to any suggestion. 
Spurred on by my interest, I used to question him closely as to the subject matter of these dreams. At first he responded readily, once I had told him of my own ideas on the subject. He narrated several of them to me, which I took down in a notebook for future analysis. 
Gordon’s fantasies were far from the ordinary Freudian sublimation or repression types. There were no discernible hidden wish patterns, or symbolic phases. They were somehow alien. He told me how he had dreamed the story of his famous Gargoyle tale; of the black cities he visited on the fabulous outer rims of space, and the strange denizens that spoke to him from formless thrones that existed beyond all matter. His vivid descriptions of terrifyingly strange geometry and ultra-terrestrial lifeforms convinced me that his was no ordinary mind to harbor such eery and disturbing shadows. 
The ease with which he remembered vivid details was also unusual. There seemed to be no blurred mental concepts at all; he recalled every detail of dreams he had experienced perhaps years ago. Once in a while he would gloss over portions of his descriptions with the excuse that “it would not be possible to make things intelligible in speech.” He insisted that he had seen and comprehended much that was beyond description in a three-dimensional way, and that in sleep he could feel colors and hear sensations. 
Naturally this was a fascinating field of research for me. In reply to my questions, Gordon once told me that he had always known these dreams from earliest remembered childhood to the present day, and that the only difference between the first ones and the last was an increase of intensity. He now claimed that he fell his impressions much more strongly. 
The locale of the dreams was curiously fixed. Nearly all of them occurred amidst scenes which he somehow recognized were outside of our own cosmos. Mountains of black stalagmites; peaks and cones amidst crater valleys of dead suns; stone cities in the stars; these were commonplace. Sometimes he walked or flew, shambled, or moved in unnameable ways with the indescribable races of other planets. Monsters he could and would describe, but there were certain intelligences which existed only in a gaseous, nebulous state, and still others which were merely the embodiment of an inconceivable force. 
Gordon was always conscious that he himself was present in every dream. Despite the awesome and often unnerving adventures he so glibly described, he claimed that none of these sleep-images could be classified as nightmares. He had never felt afraid. Indeed, at times he experienced a curious reversal of identity, so that he regarded his dreams as natural and his waking life as unreal. 
I questioned him as deeply as possible, and he had no explanation to offer. His family history had been normal in this and every other respect, although one of his ancestors had been a “wizard” in Wales. He himself was not a superstitious man, but he was forced to admit that certain of his dreams coincided curiously with descriptive passages in such books as the Necronomicon, the Mysteries of the Worm, and the Book of Eibon. 
But he had experienced similar dreams long before his mind prompted him to read the obscure volumes mentioned above. He was confident that he had seen “Azozath” and “Yuggoth” prior to the time he knew of their half-mythic existence in the legendary lore of ancient days. He was able to describe “Nyarlathotep” and “Yog-Sothoth” from what he claimed to be actual dream contact with these allegorical entities. 
I was profoundly impressed by these statements, and finally was forced to admit that I had no logical explanation to offer. He himself took the matter so seriously that I never tried to humor or ridicule him out of his notions. 
Indeed, every time he wrote a new story I asked him quite seriously about the dream which had inspired it, and for several years he told me such things at our weekly meetings. But it was about this time that he entered into that phase of writing which brought him into general disfavor. The magazines which catered to his work began to refuse some of the manuscripts as too horrible and revolting for popular taste. His first published book, NightGaunt, was a failure, due to the morbidity of its theme. 
I sensed a subtle change in his style and subject. No longer did he adhere to conventional plot-motivation. He began to tell his stories in first-person, but the narrator was not a human being. His choice of words clearly indicated hyperesthesia. 
In reply to my remonstrances on introducing non-human ideas, he argued that a real weird tale must be told from the viewpoint of the monster or entity itself. This was not a new theory to me, but I did object to the shockingly morbid note which his stories now emphasized. Then too, his non-human characters were not conventional ghouls, werewolves, or vampires. Instead he presented peculiar demons, star-spawned creatures, and even wrote a tale about a disembodied intelligence that he called The Principle of Evil. 
This stuff was not only metaphysical and obscure, it was also insane, to any normal concept of thought. And the ideas and theories he expounded were becoming absolutely blasphemous. Consider his opening statement in The Soul of Chaos: 
This world is but a tiny island in the dark sea of Infinity, and there are horrors swirling all around us. Around us? Rather let us say amongst us. I know, for I have seen them in my dreams, and there are more things in this world than sanity can ever see. 
The Soul of Chaos, by the way, was the first of his four privately printed books. By this time he had lost all contact with the regular publishers and magazines. He dropped most of his correspondents, too, and concentrated on a few eccentric thinkers in the Orient. 
His attitude toward me was changing, too. No longer did he expound his dreams to me, or outline theories of plot and style. I didn’t visit him very often anymore, and he rejected my overtures with unmistakable brusqueness. 
I thought it just as well, in view of the last few sessions we had together. For one thing, I didn’t like some of the new books in his library. Occultism is all right for a study, but the nightmare arcana of Cultes des Goules and the Demonolorum are not conducive to a healthy state of mind. Then too, his last private manuscripts were almost too wild. I was not so favorably impressed at the earnestness with which he treated certain cryptic lore; some of his ideas were much too strong. In another century he would have been persecuted for sorcery if he dared express half the beliefs contained in these writings. 
There were other factors which somehow made me half glad to avoid the man. Always a quiet recluse by choice, his hermit-like tendencies seemed visibly accentuated. He never went out anymore, he told me; not even walking in the yard. Food and other necessities he had delivered weekly to the door. In the evening he allowed no light but a small lamp within the parlor study. All he volunteered about this rigid routine was noncommittal. He said that he spent all his time in sleeping and writing. 
He was thinner, paler, and moved with a more mystic dreaminess of manner than ever before. I thought of drugs; he looked like a typical addict. But his eyes were not the feverish globes of fire which characterize the hashish-eater, and opium had not wasted his physique. Then I suspected insanity myself; his detached manner of speech, and his suspicious refusal to enter deeply into any subject of conversation, might be due to some nervous disorder. He was by nature susceptible to certain schizoid characteristics. Perhaps he was deranged. 
Certainly what he said at the last about his recent dreams tended to substantiate my theory. I’ll never forget that final discussion of dreams as long as I live—for reasons soon to be apparent. 
He told me about his last stories with a certain reluctance. Yes, they were dream-inspired, like the rest. He had not written them for public consumption, and the editors and publishers could go to blazes for all he cared. He wrote them because he had been told to write them. 
Yes, told to. By the creature in his dreams, of course. He did not care to speak about it, but since I was a friend, I urged him. Now I wish I hadn’t; perhaps I could have been spared the knowledge that follows.
Edgar Henquist Gordon, sitting there in the wan lunar light of the moon; sitting at the wide window with eyes that equaled the leprous moonlight in the dreadful intensity of their pallid glow... 
“I know about my dreams now. I was chosen, from the first, to be the Messiah, the messenger of His word. No, I’m not going religious. I’m not speaking of a God in the ordinary sense of the word men use to designate any power they cannot understand. I speak of the Dark One. You’ve read about Him in those books I showed you; the Demon Messenger, they call Him. But that’s all allegorical. He isn’t Evil, because there is no such thing as Evil. He is merely alien. And I am to be His messenger on earth. 
“Don’t fidget so! I’m not mad. You’ve heard about it all before—how the elder peoples worshipped forces that once were manifested physically on Earth, like the Dark One that has chosen me. The legends are silly, of course. He isn’t a destroyer—merely a superior intelligence who wishes to gain mental rapport with human minds, so as to enable certain— ah—exchanges between humanity and Those beyond. 
“He speaks to me in dreams. He told me to write my books, and distribute them to those who know. When the right time comes, we shall band together, and unfold some of the secrets of the cosmos at which men have only guessed or even sensed in dreams. 
“That’s why I’ve always dreamed. I was chosen to learn. That is why my dreams have shown me such things— ‘Yuggoth’ and all the rest. Now I am being prepared for my—ah—apostleship. 
“I can’t tell you much more. I must write and sleep a great deal nowadays, so that I can learn faster. 
“Who is this Dark One? I can’t tell you any more. I suppose you already think I’m crazy. Well, you have many supporters of that theory. But I’m not. It’s true! You remember all I’ve told you about my dreams—how they kept growing in intensity? Well enough. Several months ago I had some different dream-sequences. I was in the dark—not the ordinary dark you know, but the absolute dark beyond Space. It isn’t describable in three-dimensional concepts or thought patterns at all. The darkness has a sound, and a rhythm akin to breathing, because it is alive. I was merely a bodiless mind there; when I saw Him. 
“He came out of the dark and—ah— communicated with me. Not by words. I’m thankful that my previous dreams had been so arranged as to inure me against visual horror. Otherwise I should never have been able to stand the sight of Him. You see, He is not like humans, and the shape He chose to wear is pretty awful. But, once you understand, you can realize that the shape is just as allegorical as the legends ignorant men have fostered about Him and the others. 
“He looks something like a medieval conception of the demon Asmodeus. Black all over, and furry, with a snout like a hog, green eyes, and the claws and fangs of a wild beast. 
“I was not frightened after He communicated, though. You see, He wears that shape merely because foolish people in olden days believed that He looked that way. Mass belief has a curious influence on intangible forces, you understand. And men, thinking such forces evil, have made them assume the aspect of evilness. But He means no harm. 
“I wish I could repeat some of the things He has told me. 
“Yes, I’ve seen Him every night since then. But I promised to reveal nothing until the day is ready. Now that I understand, I am no longer interested in writing for the herd. I am afraid humanity doesn’t mean anything to me since I have learned those steps which lie beyond— and how to achieve them. 
“You can go away and laugh at me all you like. All I can say is that nothing in my books has been exaggerated in the least—and that they only contain infinitesimal glimpses of the ultimate revelations which lurk beyond human consciousness. But when the day He has appointed shall arrive, then the whole world will learn the truth. 
“Until then, you’d best keep away from me. I can’t be disturbed, and every evening the impressions get stronger and stronger. I sleep eighteen hours a day now, at times, because there is so much that He wishes to tell me; so much to be learned in preparation. But when the day comes I shall be the godhead—He has promised me that in some way I shall become incarnate with Him!” 
Such was the substance of his monolog. I left shortly after that. There was nothing I could say or do. But later I thought a lot about what he had said. He was quite gone, poor fellow, and it was evident that another month or so would bring him to the breaking point. I felt sincerely sorry, and deeply concerned over the tragedy. After all, he had been my friend and mentor for many years, and he was a genius. It was all too bad. 
Still, he had a strange and disturbingly coherent story. It certainly conformed to his previous accounts of dream life, and the legendary background was authentic, if the Necronomicon is to be believed. I wondered if his Dark One was remotely connected with the Nyarlathotep fable, or the “Dark Demon” of the witch-coven rituals. 
But all that nonsense about the “day” and his being a “Messiah” on Earth was too absurd. What did he mean about the Dark One’s promise of incarnating himself in Gordon? Demonic possession is an old belief credited only by the childishly superstitious. 
Yes, I thought plenty about the whole thing. For several weeks I did a little investigating of my own. I reread the later books, corresponded with Gordon’s former editors and publishers, dropped notes to his old friends. And I even studied some of the old magic tomes myself. 
I got nothing tangible from all this, save a growing realization that something must be done to save Gordon from himself. I was terribly afraid for the man’s mind, and I knew that I must act quickly. 
So one night, about three weeks after our final meeting, I left the house and started to walk to his home. I intended to plead with him, if possible, to go away; or at least insist that he submit to a medical examination. Why I pocketed the revolver I cannot say—some inner instinct warned me that I might meet with a violent response. 
At any rate I had the gun in my coat, and I gripped the butt firmly in one hand as I threaded some of the darker streets that led to his old dwelling on Cedar Street. 
It was a moonless night, with ominous hints of a thunderstorm in the offing. The little wind that warns of approaching rain was already sighing in the dark trees overhead, and streaks of lightning occasionally flared in the west. My mind was a chaotic jumble of apprehension, anxiety, determination, and a lurking bewilderment. I did not even formulate what I was going to do or say once I saw Gordon. I kept wondering what had happened to him in the last few weeks—whether the “day” he spoke of was approaching at last. 
Tonight was May-Eve. 
The house was dark. I rang and rang, but there was no response. The door opened under the impact of my shoulder. The noise of splintering wood was drowned out by the first peal of thunder overhead. I walked down the hall to the study. Everything was dark. I opened the study door. There was a man sleeping on the couch by the window. It was undoubtedly Edgar Gordon. 
What was he dreaming about? Had he met the Dark One again in his dreams? The Dark One, “looking like Asmodeus —black all over, and furry, with green eyes, hog-snout, and the claws and fangs of some wild beast;” the Dark One who told him about the “day” when Gordon should become incarnate with Him? Was he dreaming about this, on May-Eve? Edgar Henquist Gordon, sleeping a strange sleep on the couch by the window… 
I reached for the light switch, but a sudden flash of lightning forestalled me. It lasted only a second, but it was brilliant enough to illuminate the entire room. I saw the walls, the furniture, the terrible scribbled manuscripts on the table. 
Then I fired three revolver shots before the final flicker died away. There was a single eldritch scream that was mercifully drowned in a new burst of thunder. I screamed, myself. I never turned on the light, but only gathered up the papers on the table and ran out into the rain. 
On the way home rain mingled with teardrops on my face, and I echoed each new roar of thunder with a sob of deathly fear. I could not endure the lightning, though, and shielded my eyes as I ran blindly to the safety of my own rooms. There I burnt the papers I had brought without reading them. I had no need of that, for there was nothing more to know. 
That was weeks ago. When Gordon’s house was entered at last, no body was found—only an empty suit that looked as though it had been tossed carelessly on the couch. Nothing else had been disturbed, but police point to the absence of Gordon’s papers as an indication that he took them along when he disappeared. 
I am very glad that nothing else has been found, and would be content to keep silent, were it not for the fact that Gordon is regarded as insane. I once thought him insane, too, so you see I must speak. After that I am going away from here, because I want to forget as much as I can. At that, I’m lucky I do not dream. 
No, Edgar Gordon was not insane. He was a genius, and a fine man. But he told the truth in his books—about horrors being around us and amongst us. I dare not say all I now believe about his dreams, and whether or not his last stories were true. Perhaps it was just an optical illusion that I saw. I hope it was. But still, his clothes were there… 
Those last dreams—about the Dark One, who was waiting for the right day, and who would incarnate himself with Gordon. I know what incarnate means now, and I shudder to think of what might have happened if I had not come upon the scene when I did. If there had been an awakening. 
I thank God I was there in time, even though the memory is a haunting horror I cannot long endure. I am lucky to have had the revolver, too. Because when that flash of lightning blazed across the room, I saw what lay in sleep upon the couch. That is what I shot; that is what sent me screaming into the storm, and that is what makes me sure that Gordon was not crazy, but spoke the truth. 
For the incarnation had occurred. There on the couch, dressed in the clothes of Edgar Henquist Gordon, lay a demon like Asmodeus—a black, furry creature with the snout of a hog, green eyes, and the dreadful fangs and talons of some wild beast. It was the Dark One of Edgar Gordon’s dreams!

Mother of Serpents

Voodooism is a strange thing. Forty years ago it was an unknown subject, save in certain esoteric circles. Today there is a surprising amount of information about it, due to research —and an even more surprising amount of misinformation. 
Recent popular books on the subject are, for the most part, sheer romantic fancy; elaborated with the incomplete theorizing of ignoramuses. Perhaps, though, this is for the best. For the truth about voodoo is such that no writer would care, or dare, to print it. Some of it is worse than their wildest fancies. I myself have seen certain things I do not care to discuss. It would be useless to tell people anyway, since they would not believe me. And once again, this may be for the best. Knowledge can be a thousand times more terrifying than ignorance, 
I know, though, because I have lived in Haiti, the dark island. I have learned much from legendry, stumbled on many things through accident, and the bulk of my knowledge comes from the one really authentic source—the statements of the people. They’re not talkative people, as a rule, those old natives of the back-hill country. It took patience and long familiarity with them before they unbent and told me their secrets. 
That’s why so many of the travel books are so palpably false—no writer who visits Haiti for six months or a year could possibly ingratiate himself into the confidence of those who know the facts. There are so few who really do know; so few who are not afraid to tell. But I have learned. Let me tell you of the olden days; the old times, when Haiti rose to an empire, borne on a wave of blood. 

It was many years ago, soon after the slaves had revolted. Toussaint Louverture, Dessalines and King Christophe freed them from their French masters, freed them after uprisings and massacres and set up a kingdom founded on cruelty more fantastic than the despotism that reigned before. 
There were no happy people in Haiti then. They had known too much of torture and death; the carefree life of their West Indian neighbors was utterly alien to these slaves and descendants of slaves, A strange mixture of races flourished: fierce tribesmen from Ashanti, Damballah, and the Guinea Coast; sullen Caribs; dusky offspring of renegade Frenchmen; bastard admixtures of Spanish, Black and Indian blood. Sly, treacherous half breeds and mulattos ruled the coast, but there were even worse dwellers in the hills behind. 
There were jungles in Haiti, impassable jungles, mountain-ringed and swamp-scourged forests filled with poisonous insects and pestilential fevers. White men dared not enter them, because they were worse than death. Blood-sucking plants, venomous reptiles, diseased orchids filled the forests, forests that hid horrors Africa had never known. And that is where the real voodoo flourished, back there in the hills. Men lived there, it is said, descendants of escaped slaves, and outlaw factions that had been hunted from the coast. Furtive rumors told of isolated villages that practised cannibalism, mixed in with dark religious rites more dreadful and perverted than anything spawned in the Congo itself. Necrophilism, phallic worship, anthropomancy, and distorted versions of the Black Mass were commonplace. The shadow of obeah was everywhere. Human sacrifice was common, the offering up of roosters and goats an accepted thing. There were orgies around the voodoo altars, and blood was drunk in honor of Baron Samedi and the old black gods brought from ancient lands. 
Everybody knew about it. Each night the ratta-drums boomed out from the hills, and fires flared over the forests. Many known papalois and conjure-doctors resided on the edge of the coast itself, but they were never disturbed. Nearly all the “civilized” people still believe in charms and philtres; even the church-goers reverted to talismans and incantations in time of need. So-called “educated” men in Port-au-Prince society were admittedly emissaries from the barbarian tribes of the interior, and despite the outward show of civilization the bloody priests still ruled behind the throne. 
Of course there were scandals, mysterious disappearances, and occasional protests from emancipated citizens. But it was not wise to meddle with those who bowed to the Black Mother, or incur the anger of the terrible old men who dwelt in the shadow of the Snake. Such was the status of sorcery when Haiti became a republic. People often wonder why there is still sorcery existent there today; more secretive, perhaps, but still surviving. They ask why the ghastly zombies are not destroyed, and why the Government has not stepped in to stamp out the fiendish blood-cults that still lurk in the jungle gloom. 
Perchance this tale will provide an answer; this old, secret tale of the new republic. Officials, remembering the story, are still afraid to interfere too strongly, and the laws that have been passed are very loosely enforced. Because the Serpent Cult of Obeah will never die in Haiti—in Haiti, that fantastic island whose sinuous shoreline resembles the yawning jaws of a monstrous snake. 

One of the earliest presidents of Haiti was an educated man. Although born on the island, he was schooled in France, and studied extensively while abroad. His accession to the highest office of the land found him an enlightened, sophisticated cosmopolite of the modern type. Of course he still liked to remove his shoes in the privacy of his office, but he never displayed his naked toes in an official capacity. Don’t misunderstand—the man was no Emperor Jones; he was merely a polished gentleman whose natural barbarity occasionally broke through its veneer of civilization. 
He was, in fact, a very shrewd man. He had to be in order to become president in those early days; only extremely shrewd men ever attained that dignity. Perhaps it would enlighten you a bit to say that in those times the term “shrewd” was a polite Haitian synonym for “crooked.” It is therefore easy to realize the president’s character when you know that he was regarded as one of the most successful politicians the republic ever produced. 
In his short reign he was opposed by very few enemies; and those that did work against him usually disappeared. The tall man with the skull conformation of a gorilla harbored a remarkably crafty brain beneath his beetling brow. His ability was phenomenal. He had an insight into finance which profited him greatly; profited him, that is, in both his official and unofficial capacity. Whenever he saw fit to increase the taxes he increased the army as well, and sent it out to escort the state tax-collectors. His treaties with foreign countries were masterpieces of legal lawlessness. This Caribbean Machiavelli knew that he must work fast, since presidents had a peculiar way of dying in Haiti. They seemed peculiarly susceptible to disease—”lead poisoning,” as our modem gangster friends might say. So the president worked very fast indeed, and he did a masterful job. 
This was truly remarkable, in view of his humble background. His was a success saga in the good old Horatio Alger manner. His father was unknown. His mother was a conjure-woman in the hills, and though quite well known, she had been very poor. The president had been born in a log cabin; quite the classic setting for a future distinguished career. His early years had been most uneventful, until his adoption, at thirteen, by a benevolent Protestant minister. For a year he lived with this kind man, serving as houseboy in his home. Suddenly the poor minister died of an obscure ailment; this was most unfortunate, since he had been quite wealthy and his money was alleviating much of the suffering in this particular section. At any rate, this rich minister died, and the poor conjure-woman’s son sailed to France for a university education. As for the conjure-woman, she bought herself a new mule and said nothing. Her drill at herbs had given her son a chance in the world, and she was satisfied. 
It was eight years before the boy returned. He had changed a great deal since his departure; he preferred the society of whites and the octoroon society people of Port-au-Prince. It is recorded that he rather ignored his old mother, too. His newly acquired fastidiousness made him painfully aware of the woman’s ignorant simplicity. Besides, he was ambitious, and he did not care to publicize his relationship with such a notorious witch. 
She was quite famous in her way. Where she had come from and what her original history was, nobody knew. But for many years her hut in the mountains had been the rendezvous of strange worshippers and even stranger emissaries. The dark powers of obeah were evoked in her shadowy altar-place amidst the hills, and a furtive group of acolytes resided there with her. Her ritual fires always flared on moonless nights, and bullocks were given in bloody baptism to the Crawler of Midnight. She was a Priestess of the Serpent. 
The Snake-God, you know, is the real deity of the obeah cults. The people worshipped the Serpent in Dahomey and Senegal from time immemorial. They venerate the reptiles in a curious way, and there is some obscure linkage between the Snake and the crescent moon. Curious, isn’t it—this serpent superstition? The Garden of Eden had its tempter, you know, and the Bible tells of Moses and his staff of snakes. The Egyptians revered Set, and the ancient Hindus had a cobra god. It seems to be general throughout the world—the kindred hatred and reverence of serpents. Always they seem to be worshipped as creatures of evil. Our own American Indians believed in Yig, and Aztec myths follow the pattern. And of course the Hopi ceremonial dances are on the same order. But the African Serpent legends are particularly dreadful, and the Haitian adaptations of the sacrificial rites are worse. 
At the time of which I speak some of the voodoo groups were believed to actually breed snakes; they smuggled the reptiles over from the Ivory Coast to use in their secret practices. There were tall tales current about twenty-foot pythons which swallowed infants offered up to them on the Black Altar, and about sendings of poisonous serpents which killed enemies of the voodoo-masters. It is a known fact that several anthropoid apes had been smuggled into the country by a peculiar cult that worshipped gorillas; so the serpent legends may have been equally true. 
At any rate, the president’s mother was a priestess, and equally as famous, in a way, as her distinguished son. He, just after his return, had slowly climbed to power. First he had been a tax-gatherer, then treasurer, and finally president. Several of his rivals died, and those who opposed him soon found it expedient to dissemble their hatred – he was still a savage at heart, and savages like to torment their enemies. It was rumored that he had constructed a secret torture-chamber beneath the palace, and that its instruments were rusty, though not from disuse. The breach between the young statesman and his mother began to widen just prior to his presidential incumbency. The immediate cause was his marriage to the daughter of a rich octoroon planter from the coast. Not only was the old woman humiliated because her son contaminated the family stock (she was purebred, and descendant of a Niger slave-king), but she was further indignant because she had not been invited to the wedding. 
It was held in Port-au-Prince, The foreign consuls were there, and the cream of Haitian society was present. The lovely bride had been convent-bred, and her antecedents were held in the highest esteem. The groom wisely did not deign to desecrate the nuptial celebration by including his rather unsavory parent. 
She came, though, and watched the affair through the kitchen entranceway. It was just as well that she did not make her presence known, as it would have embarrassed not only her son, but several others as well—official dignitaries who sometimes consulted her in their unofficial capacity. What she saw of her son and his bride was not pleasing. The man was an affected dandy now, and his wife was a silly flirt. The atmosphere of pomp and ostentation did not impress her; behind their debonair masks of polite sophistication she knew that most of those present were superstitious types who would run to her for charms or oracular advice the moment they were in trouble. Nevertheless, she took no action; she merely smiled rather bitterly and hobbled home. After all, she still loved her son. 
The next affront, however, she could not overlook. This was the inauguration of the new president. She was not invited to this affair either, yet she came. And this time she did not skulk in the shadows. After the oath of office was administered she marched boldly up to the new ruler of Haiti and accosted him before the very eyes of the German consul himself. She was a grotesque figure; an ungainly little harridan barely five feet tall,  barefoot and clad in rags. 
Her son quite naturally ignored her presence. The withered crone licked her toothless gums in terrible silence. Then, quite calmly, she began to curse him— not in French, but in native patois of the hills. She called down the wrath of her bloody gods upon his ungrateful head and threatened both him and his wife with vengeance for their smug ingratitude. The assembled guests were shocked. So was the new president. However, he did not forget himself. Calmly he motioned to his guards, who led the now hysterical witch-woman away. He would deal with her later. 
The next night when he saw fit to go into the dungeon and reason with his mother, she was gone. Disappeared, the guards told him, rolling their eyes mysteriously. He had the jailer shot and went back to his official chambers. He was a little worried about that curse business. You see, he knew what the woman was capable of. He did not like those threats against his wife, either. The next day he had some silver bullets molded, like King Henry in the old days. He also bought an ouanga charm from a devil-doctor of his own acquaintance. Magic would fight magic. 
That night a serpent came to him in dreams; a serpent with green eyes that whispered in the way of men and hissed at him with shrill and mocking laughter as he struck at it in his sleep. There was a reptilian odor in his bedroom the next morning, and a nauseous slime upon his pillow that gave forth a similar stench. And the president knew that only his charm had saved him. 
That afternoon his wife missed one of her Paris frocks, and the president questioned his servants in his private torture-chamber below. He learned some facts he dared not tell his bride, and thereafter he seemed very sad. He had seen his mother work with wax images before— little mannikins resembling men and women, dressed in parts of their stolen garments. Sometimes she stuck pins into them or roasted them over a slow fire. Always the real people sickened and died. This knowledge made the president quite unhappy, and he was still more overwrought when messengers returned and said that his mother was gone from her old hut in the hills. 
Three days later his wife died, of a painful wound in her side which no doctor could explain. She was in agony until the end, and just before her passing it was rumored that her body turned blue and bloated up to twice its normal size. Her features were eaten away as if with leprosy, and her swollen limbs looked like those of an elephantiasis victim. Loathsome tropical diseases abound in Haiti, but none of them kill in three days...
After this the president went mad. Like Cotton Mather of old, he started on a witch-hunting crusade. Soldiers and police were sent out to comb the countryside. Spies rode up to hovels on the mountainpeaks, and armed patrols crouched in far-off fields where the living dead-men work, their glazed and glassy eyes staring ceaselessly at the moon. Mamalois were put to the question over slow fires, and possessors of forbidden books were roasted over flames fed by the very tomes they harbored. Bloodhounds yammered in the hills, and priests died on altars where they were wont to sacrifice. Only one order had been specially given: the president’s mother was to be captured alive and unharmed. 
Meanwhile he sat in the palace with the embers of slow insanity in his eyes—embers that flared into fiendish flame when the guards brought in the withered crone, who had been captured near that awful grove of idols in the swamp. They took her downstairs, although she fought and clawed like a wildcat, and then the guards went away and left her son with her alone. Alone, in a torture-chamber, with a mother who cursed him from the rack. Alone, with frantic fires in his eyes, and a great silver knife in his hand. 
The president spent many hours in his secret torture-chamber during the next few days. He seldom was seen around the palace, and his servants were given orders that he must not be disturbed. On the fourth day he came up the hidden stairway for the last time, and the flickering madness in his eyes was gone. 
Just what occurred in the dungeon below will never be rightly known. No doubt that is for the best. The president was a savage at heart, and to the brute, prolongation of pain always brings ecstasy. It is recorded, though, that the old witch-woman cursed her son with the Serpent’s Curse in her dying breath, and that is the most terrible curse of all. 
Some idea of what happened may be gained by the knowledge of the president’s revenge – he had a grim sense of humor, and a barbarian’s idea of retribution. His wife had been killed by his mother, who fashioned a waxen image. He decided to do what would be exquisitely appropriate. 
When he came up the stairs that last time, his servants saw that he bore with him a great candle, fashioned of corpse fat. And since nobody ever saw his mother’s body again, there were curious surmises as to where the corpse fat was obtained. But then, the president’s mind leaned toward grisly jests. 
The rest of the story is very simple. The president went directly to his chambers in the palace, where he placed the candle in a holder on his desk. He had neglected his work in the last few days, and there was much official business for him to transact. For a while he sat in silence, staring at the candle with a curious, satisfied smile. Then he called for his papers and announced that he would attend to them immediately. 
He worked all that night, with two guards stationed outside his door. Sitting at his desk, he pored over his task in the candlelight—the candlelight from the corpse fat taper. 
Evidently his mother’s dying curse did not bother him at all. Once satisfied, his blood-lust abated, he discounted all possibility of revenge. Even he was not superstitious enough to believe that the sorcerers could return from her grave. He was quite calm as he sat there, quite the civilized gentleman. The candle cast ominous shadows over the darkened room, but he did not notice—until it was too late. Then he looked up to see the corpse fat candle wriggle into a monstrous life. 
His mother’s curse... 
The candle—the corpse-fat candle—  was alive! It was a sinuous, twisting thing, weaving in its holder with sinister purpose. The flame-tipped end seemed to glow strongly into a sudden terrible semblance. The president, amazed, saw a fiery face —his mother’s; a tiny, wrinkled face of flame, with a corpse-fat body that darted out toward the man with hideous ease. The candle was lengthening as if the tallow were melting, lengthening and reaching out toward him in a terrible way. 
The president of Haiti screamed, but it was too late. The glowing flame on the end snuffed out, breaking the hypnotic spell that had held the man entranced. And at that moment the candle leapt, while the room faded into dreadful darkness. It was a ghastly darkness, filled with moans, and the sound of a thrashing body that grew fainter, and fainter... 
It was quite still by the time the guards had entered and turned up the lights once more. They knew about the corpse-fat candle and the witch-mother’s curse. That is why they were the first to announce the president’s death; the first to fire a bullet into his temple and claim he committed suicide. 
They told the president’s successor the story, and he gave orders that the crusade against voodoo be abandoned. It was better so, because the new man did not wish to die. The guards had explained why they shot the president and called it suicide, and his successor did not wish to risk the Serpent Curse. 
The president of Haiti had been strangled to death by his mother’s corpse-fat candle —a corpse-fat candle that was wound around his neck like a giant snake.


Fangs of Vengeance

Captain Zaroff was not his real name. But then, of course, it did not happen at Stellar Brothers Circus, either. Both appellations are fictitious, though the facts — more the pity — are all too true. I know, for I was there to see the drama unfold; a drama of death and blood-stained vengeance, set against the glittering background of circus make-believe. 
The affair occurred, fortunately, in winter quarters. That is the only reason it was fortunate enough to escape press notice. Despite its sensational aspects, I am very thankful that we were able to hush the whole thing up. It is not good for the common herd to know too much, and there are certain terrible questions in connection with it that are extremely difficult to answer. All that has ever leaked out is that Captain Zaroff met death in the big cage during a rehearsal of his act, and that his animals were shot in a vain effort to save him. Concerning the Ubangis, the press was informed that due to disagreements over salary, they severed their connection with the show. 
There was something wrong from the very start that winter. We had had a bad season, and the old man decided that innovations were in order. Culper sent out an agent for the Ubangi troupe — six duck-billed and exceedingly ugly savages, only a year removed from their native jungles. But the old man didn’t stop there, either. He decided to go back to wild animal acts — a policy we had discarded some eight years previous. He argued that the public wants excitement — the cracking of whips, the snarling of sullen cats, the roaring of restless lions. 
Now for some unknown reason, the majority of the larger shows have abandoned the cat acts within the last ten years. The result is that good animal- trainers are mighty hard to find. Practically the only ones available are Europeans, and they’re scarce enough. So the old man counted himself lucky when a German agency sent him Captain Zaroff. 
He arrived early in January. I wasn’t there at the time, but he was described as very distant, and very foreign. He had his own quarters, and special cages for the nine leopards in his troupe. He even insisted on keeping his personal assistant to clean the wagons and feed the animals. These affectations of exclusiveness, coupled with his extremely reserved manner, did not win him any friends. He, on his own part, seemed unmindful of the circus people; eating alone, sleeping in his own private wagon on the winter grounds, and devoting all his time and attention to his act. 
There were many vague and conflicting rumors floating around concerning the man. For one thing, there were speculations as to his age and nationality. It was said that he was just back from Africa, and that he was breaking in these jungle leopards for the new act. Another version of the story represented him as being driven from the Continent in disgrace, following a scandal over a woman. By the time I returned to headquarters, the whole show was engaged in wild speculation. I disregarded it all. 
Then I saw him work. It was the first time, and only the old man and I were present in the barn-like hippodrome which held the great steel cage. Zaroff had promised the old man something distinctively different. He got it.
Picture a vast wooden arena, with white, bare walls that reflect hideously all the glare of a hundred overhead lights. In the center, a steel cage. Two assistants stand beside it, tense and alert. Occasionally, they finger nervously with their guns — guns that are not loaded with blanks. The boss and I sat on chairs placed near the door, our eyes glued on the runway. The old man chewed viciously on the stub of his cigar. The atmosphere was charged with the static electricity of fearful expectation. 
There are no bands playing in the winter quarters, no happy, cheering crowds. No clowns perform their antic drolleries to ease the tension with a laugh. Working with newly broken jungle beasts is by no means the same safe routine as a developed act. The real danger does not strike after the spectacular routine is perfected — it comes before, during the long, slow hours of winter training. It was with this thought in our minds that we waited in that silent, empty barn; waited, and worried. 
Suddenly the silence was broken by a moan. From the wooden runway on the other side of the steel cage came the soft and purposeful padding of velvet feet — and the scrape of razored claws. Short, guttural coughs echoed in the air. At the same time our nostrils were filled with a warm, fetid odor of jungle musk — the wild-beast smell that makes the short hairs rise on the nape of one’s neck. More coughs — amplified to a menacing roar in the vast silence of that looming atmosphere. They were coming! 
Down the runway stalked a tawny shape — the spotted, sinister shape of a giant African leopard, graceful as a serpent and beautiful as death. Green eyes roved restlessly over the arena with an emerald glare. Yellow fangs parted, revealing a long, slavering tongue. The beast slunk stiff-legged around the arena, then turned to us with a roar. I suddenly realized that I was bathed in perspiration. 
Another yellow body catapulted into the cage. Like a streak of amber lightning it leapt to the bars and clawed madly at the steel. Suddenly it subsided and sank to the sawdust in a spasm of insanely hysterical laughter. A third spotted devil entered, suavely. Like an overgrown cat it purred, mincing its way as it made a circuit of the cage. Feline-like, it rolled over on its mottled back, exposing a sleek belly beneath which muscles played like bands of pliable steel. The other two animals growled deeper still. Then, like a golden avalanche, a horde of fanged furies raced down the runway — six snarling demons charged into the arena, and hell broke loose. In a moment the steel enclosure became a maelstrom of yellow shapes, tearing with frenzied talons at the iron barriers, and howling in fiendish chorus to the skies. There was death in their claws, hatred in their foam-flecked jowls, and blood-lust in their feral eyes. Beasts of the jungle, awaiting the coming of man. 
They did not wait for long. Into the hippodrome stalked Captain Zaroff. A tall, thin, commanding figure of a man, his was the walk of a conqueror. Beneath his gorgeously-epauletted red coat I sensed the strength of supple sinews; the resiliency of his walk betrayed a perfection of muscular control. His face was immobile, but his eyes held a faint tinge of amusement. Slightly graying black hair worn in pompadour style, and a tiny waxed mustache — by these signs alone did he betray his foreign birth. 
With a brief nod to the old man, he motioned the two assistants to unbar the cage. I gasped. Zaroff had no chair! All he carried in his hand was a whip — to face nine ravening wild beasts, mad with animal excitement! 
Clang. Steel grated on steel. The cage door was open. Quickly, Zaroff stepped inside — into that maelstrom of bared fangs, raking claws, and supple bodies crouched to kill. A roar of animal ferocity greeted his appearance. I gasped. Zaroff, weaponless in that vast cage with a jungle act! Every trainer carries both gun and chair during the breaking in of a new cat routine. With the points of the chair outthrust before him he can ward off the sudden charge of a nervous beast. The animal, confused by the underside of the chair presented before him, usually bruises his nose and paws on the four projecting legs. For many years this protection, slim as it is, has saved dozens of trainers’ lives. But Zaroff had no chair. Nor was there a gun at his hip. Alone, he faced them — a sneer on his face and a whip in his hand; man’s eternal defiance of the brute. 
For an instant he stood there just inside the cage, while ten feet away jungle eyes roved restlessly, jungle bodies flexed stealthily, jungle throats roared fearsomely. Suddenly, a leopard detached itself from the rest and began, ever so slowly, to edge its way forward on its belly. It was the big cat that had entered first. Zaroff watched it, his face flushed. To all intents and purposes the beast’s body appeared relaxed, but it was slinking forward nevertheless, and its yellow tail lashed in fury. 
Without warning, the leopard sprang. Into the air it soared, straight for Zaroff’ s shoulders; red maw glistening, ferocious daws outspread to rend, and tear, kill and destroy. Swift as the attack was, Zaroff had anticipated it. His band shot out, loosing the thongs of the whip. The lash hissed like a serpent as it wriggled through the air. The heavy, weighted end curled smoothly around the spotted murderer, imprisoning the tawny neck and jerking the feline’s body to the ground, where it lay choking and gasping for several moments. The other cats, meanwhile, had retreated to the other side of the cage. Zaroff, drenched and panting, turned his head to us — and smiled! 
Then began the most amazing animal routine in circus history. While the old man and I trembled and the assistants gasped in awe, Zaroff, with only a whip in his hand, put those animals through paces so amazing that they pass the bounds of credibility. The beasts did everything but fly. Balancing, juggling, jumping, group-posing — everything in the regular wild-animal show repertoire was used and improved on. At the sound of Zaroff’ s whip every cat was in its place. Despite snarls, growls, and obvious attempts to buffet the trainer from their perches, the creatures obeyed him perfectly. It was a great act — and I sighed with relief when it was finished. 
‘The old man waxed enthusiastic. Surely Captain Zaroff would make show history! How he ever got new cats intelligent enough to build a routine like that was a mystery. Zaroff should be more careful, though. It was a bad business, going into the cage with only a whip. 
After we left the hippodrome I went over to the front office for a quiet smoke. Somehow I couldn’t agree with the old man. The act was good, no doubt, but there were some strange things to be explained. To begin with, I know enough about the big cage to realize that no trainer could do what Zaroff had done when his animals hated him. An act is built very slowly, one animal at a time; because the tamer must instill trust and respect into the minds of his performers. Learning the tricks is a task founded on affection for the teacher. 
Yet the leopards hated Zaroff — hated and feared him! 
Then, too — Zaroff knew that they were dangerous and unfriendly. Even a well-trained leopard is never tame, as a lion or a bear can be. And despite that knowledge, the captain was foolish enough not to use a chair. 
Surely there was some mystery here. New African leopards, and a foreign trainer who dislikes strangers. Private cages for the beasts, and a special attendant. A wonderful act, beautifully performed by raw beasts who are openly antagonistic to their trainer. I recalled some of the rumors floating around the lots concerning Zaroff and his cats. Something about strange adventures in Africa. Oh, well, it was all nonsense — the man was merely a skilful trainer. But even a skilful trainer cannot make his animals work so intelligently. The whole thing was very strange. I decided to keep an eye on the man and wait for something to turn up. I didn’t have to wait very long. 
Three days later the Ubangis arrived. They had been signed for the act in New York and were shipped south under the personal supervision of Culper himself. To me they proved a woeful disappointment. Six small, timid-looking Blacks; three male and three female — their only exotic feature was the widely publicized lip deformity that gave them mouths projecting almost a foot from their faces. Even this barbaric feature looked sadly incongruous, since all six wore American clothes. Imagine a Harlem flapper with lips a foot long and eight inches wide and you will get some picture of what I saw. 
But the old man was pleased. The Ubangis must have special quarters. Was their interpreter here? He trusted that none of them had suffered overmuch on the journey. He hoped they would find the accommodations sufficiently comfortable. In the face of all this effusiveness, the Blacks remained nervously silent. Without a word they suffered themselves to be led off to their sleeping-quarters. 
During the next few days the Ubangis kept us busy. Not only did we have our hands full trying to explain their part in the performance through an interpreter, but we also had to contend with a really profound ignorance. They obviously knew the meaning of money — dollars meant francs, and francs meant luxury back on the Ivory Coast. That was why they had signed up. But as to the meaning of their duties, they were completely in the dark. Personally, I was not able to work up any enthusiasm over the whole venture. ‘The poor savages were unhappy, the old man was unhappy, and the prospects of box-office draw were uncertain. But the old man had to touch off the fireworks. 
He decided to stage one of the preliminary rehearsals and arrange for the Ubangis to attend. There they could actually see a circus, and perhaps their part would be easier to understand thereafter. I was not pleased with the idea, but it was carried out. The six Blacks occupied one of the observation booths, and the show went on. 
At first everything went smoothly enough. Even the savage can appreciate the instinctive appeal of clown humor and realize the agility of the aerial performers. They beamed like carefree children and jabbered constantly among themselves. 
I was waiting for Zaroff. I knew that for the past few days he had been rehearsing at great length and was eager to observe the changes or improvements in his act. The test of the show waited, too. They had never seen him work, and the rumors had only whetted their curiosity. 
The act went on. For fifteen minutes all eyes were glued on that steel cage. Zaroff outdid himself that day. His whip for ever cracking, he put the carnivores through their paces in a way to keep everyone’s attention riveted to the arena. At last, when the coughing, snarling leopards had bounded back down the runway into their cages, the boss and I turned to the Ubangis to get their reaction. 
It was not slow in coming. ‘The entire troupe were excitedly haranguing one another in their box. At length they approached us, headed by their interpreter. Hesitatingly, he announced that the troupe would not play in the show; that it resigned. Nor would he give any further explanation, save that the Ubangis did not care for Captain Zaroff and his act. 
The boss fumed, swore, threatened, entreated and pleaded. It did not avail. They left the following day. 
But before they departed I went around and had a talk with their interpreter myself. Somehow I sensed a mystery behind their reasons for departure, and I questioned the man very closely. At last he abandoned his reserve and told me the details as he had overheard them. Briefly, the Ubangis did not like Zaroff’s act, but their aversion did not have a natural cause. They were going because they thought Zaroff himself was a witchdoctor; because they had heard him talk to the animals. 
Naturally I was inclined to scoff at this statement. But then I began to remember certain details. Zaroff lived alone, took care of his animals alone. He had his own cages, his own assistant keeper. He avoided company, and spent most of his time with the beasts. It was quite possible that he did talk to his leopards. But when I told the interpreter, he laughed. The Ubangis knew of such men, and feared them. Zaroff was a wizard, because they could see that he talked to the animals and they answered him! They had seen Zaroff growl in the cage as if he himself were a beast, and they saw the leopards answer his commands. The man was an evil shaman. 
That was the substance of the Ubangis’ complaint, as I got it from the interpreter. I left him a puzzled man. There was something hidden away in my brain that was beginning to bother me as it tried to edge into consciousness. Something about leopards. 
The next day brought a train of events which further puzzled me. 
I was walking through the menagerie quarters when the affair began. It was mid afternoon, and the place was deserted, for the entire troupe was over in the arena for regular rehearsals. I rounded the horseshoe bend where the regular cages stood and passed by the partitioned section. Here Zaroff’s leopards were quartered. Behind the canvas which screened the cages from the rest I caught a glimpse of booted feet. That would be Zaroff himself, feeding the beasts. Low moans and bestial laughter drifted over the canvas walls. Then all at once I heard a sudden roar, louder than the rest, and a terrible clang of bars. Zaroff’s voice rose in an angry curse, and it was answered by a terrible growl. Suddenly a streak of spotted lightning leapt through the side of the canvas, which shredded before saber claws. One of the leopards had escaped. 
It landed on its feet and stood crouching there not a dozen feet before me; a great, tawny monster with flaming fury in its evil eyes. Slaver dripped from its wrinkled, furry snout as it glared at me with unmistakable menace. Its back stiffened, and I broke out into a cold sweat as the fanged horror edged toward me, tensing to spring. Quivering with fright I watched it, unable to move, or even breathe. Its feline gaze held me hypnotically rigid; for I knew that I was staring at the face of Death. The leopard gathered itself for a leap. 
Crack! The sound of Zaroff’s whip broke the tension. The tall figure stepped into view from behind the canvas, blazing fury in his face. At the sound of his master’s approach the sullen carnivore turned. With a snarl it gazed up into the captain’s face, but its body was still crouched and ready to hurtle in attack. Then I heard with my own ears that which my mind told me could never be. I heard Zaroff talk to his leopard! 
Low barks and growls issued from his throat. The voice of a beast came from human lips. And the leopard answered! Cringing, it fawningly approached its trainer, growling in return. And its growls and cries held a note that was dreadfully, unmistakably human! 
It was hideous to hear a beast murmuring like a man and a man roaring like a beast. I trembled afresh as Zaroff, with cries of animal rage, brought his whip down over the leopard’s shoulders; brought it down with full force again and again until the poor creature’s dappled hide was streaked with crimson stains. And all the while it kept whining, purring, pleading in monstrously human tones, while Zaroff screamed like a great cat. 
With never a look or word for me, he drove the leopard to its quarters. From behind the canvas I heard the bars grate into their place once more, and then Zaroff reappeared. This time he was not alone. There was a woman with him — a beautiful woman. 
She was tall and slim, like a Grecian Diana, with a body of ivory and hair like ebony. Jade-green eyes dominated her aquiline face, contrasted oddly with her vivid, red-lipped mouth and tiny white teeth. She wore a regal velvet dress which stood out incongruously amidst the sawdust atmosphere surrounding her. I prided myself on knowing the entire personnel of our show, but I had never seen the woman before. 
Zaroff, after apologizing to me for the disturbance, introduced her as his wife, Camille. ‘The woman bowed graciously, but remained silent, eyeing her husband with restrained anger. I was speechless. I had never known that Zaroff was married. I was just beginning to realize that there were a lot of things about him that I didn’t know; a lot of things requiting considerable explanation. The scene I had just witnessed, for example. He was explaining about that now. 
With elaborate ostentation he again apologized for the accident. The beast had escaped as he was feeding it. He was very sorry, and he would see that it did not occur again. He would be extremely pleased if I would refrain from reporting the affair to the management; it would unnecessarily upset people, he explained. 
Here the woman broke in. “He’s lying, M’sieu. It will happen again, I know. You must report it; it happened in Europe, and a little boy was killed. He did nothing to prevent it, M’sieu, even when it began to — feed. You must make him stop beating them — it frightens me. Please, tell them and make them stop him. Please!’’ 
Zaroff’s countenance, as he listened to this recital, turned red with rage. He raised his whip — the long, cruel whip, still red from the lashing of the leopard — and brought it down on the woman’s back with full force. She screamed, once. Then he seized her, and without a backward glance, bore her behind the canvas. I stood stunned at the rapidity of events, then stumbled off to my own quarters. I wanted to be alone and think. 
Zaroff — a foreigner whom nobody knew; a man who beat his leopards and his wife. Zaroff — the most brilliant trainer I had ever seen; hated and feared by his animals yet obeyed. Zaroff — the man who talked to his cats like a beast, while they answered with the cries of men; Zaroff, whom the Ubangi savages denounced as a witch-doctor and wizard. Who was this man? What was he? Why was he so furtive and unfriendly? What was he doing to his wife that made her hate and fear him as much as the leopards did? 
Before the show opened that year I must find out. And Camille Zaroff, I decided, was the woman who could and would tell me. 

Show business occupied my time heavily for the next few days, but the mystery of Zaroff still occupied my thoughts. Somehow, I was beginning to hate the man. I disliked his cruel, unsmiling features, his reticent, almost disdainful manner, and his pompous, arrogant walk. I did not care for the way he treated his feline charges, and I did not wonder that his wife was afraid. 
His wife — there was another angle. When I saw her she had been afraid, but I could see that she wanted to speak. Perhaps that was why Zaroff had kept her away from the rest of the show-people. Maybe she was his prisoner, because of what she knew. He had beaten her with the whip... 
He beat her often. Several nights later, as I went through the menagerie quarters on my way to the main office, I saw a light behind the canvas partition where Zaroff’s tent stood. I am not by nature or inclination an eavesdropper, but no one could ignore the shouts that came from the other side. The voices were audible throughout the deserted menagerie, and I recognized the guttural tones of Zaroff blending with the thrilling, husky speech of his wife, Camille. 
“I will tell them all,” she was saying. “I can’t stand it any longer, do you hear? Knowing what I know and seeing what I see. Unless you stop this dreadful business, I will tell them all.” 
A cynical laugh, almost gloating in its sardonic cadence. That would be Zaroff “Oh, no you won’t, my dear. I have been gentle with you in the past — too gentle. But if you persist in making these — ah — demonstrations, I can take harsher measures.” 
“I’m not afraid of you anymore. Tomorrow I shall go to him who is the head of this show and tell him the truth. You will no longer keep me caged up here like one of your beasts.” 
Again that mocking cackle of laughter from the man. “So — I shall no longer cage you as I do my beasts, eh? We shall see. You know about my leopards, and what happened on the Guinea Coast, eh? Well — how would you like it if I were to…” The voice trailed off here into a loathsome whisper, then culminated again in peal after peal of demoniacal mirth. 
“No!” the woman screamed. “You dare not do that. I will go now — do you hear me? — now! I’ll tell them all! Oh!” 
There was a low moan, and then the hateful sound of a striking whip. Again and again I heard the hiss of a lash. Clenching my hands in a frenzy of fury, I bit my lips to keep from crying aloud and rushing into that tent. I wanted to tear the whip from that unnatural monster and flog him. Red anger surged and poured into my brain, but something held me back. 
There was more to this than a domestic quarrel. That woman, with her half-heard hints of secret things, was being mistreated for a purpose. It would do no good to accost Zaroff himself for an explanation and it would be worse than useless to precipitate a scene before the entire company. No, diplomacy urged me to wait. Tomorrow I would seek an opportunity to speak to Camille Zaroff alone. She would gladly talk then. Perhaps things could be straightened out. 
Meanwhile, the show went into its final rehearsal in two days, and Zaroff was a good animal-trainer. I decided to bide my time and left the tent. But that night I dreamed of a man, a leopard, and a whip. And the dream was far from pleasant.  
The next day brought with it an entirely unexpected surprise. At nine o’clock a man walked into my office and casually took a seat. Looking up, I gazed into the impassive face of Captain Zaroff. I was astonished. The man had never come to me before; he habitually kept away from the rest of the company. Concealing both my surprise and distaste, I asked him his business. “I am bringing in a new animal for my act,” he said, calmly. 
For a moment I was too startled to speak. The final dress rehearsal only two days away, and he was going to work a new cat! It was unheard of. I told him so. Besides, what did he need a new leopard for? 
“Do not worry,” he assured. “It is already broken in; I — I had it shipped here this morning. And it is not a leopard — it is a black panther.” 
A black panther! That was a novelty. A trifle mollified, I told him that he would have to take the matter up with the boss. “I will rehearse tomorrow afternoon,” he agreed, suavely. “Would you care to come over and look at the animal?” 
Together we walked across the lot and entered the menagerie. There were ten cages behind the canvas partition now. In nine were the leopards; the other held the new beast. We approached the bars. 
There is nothing more beautiful than a black panther. Sleek, sinuous grace is personified in its ebony body, and aristocratic poise blazes forth from its jade eyes. Its nervous pace is regal; it is a picture of dignified beauty even when enraged. Consequently I expected much of Zaroff’s acquisition. But I was to be disappointed. The animal crouched behind the bars, its body limply lolling on the floor of the cage. Its exquisite black coat was disheveled, and on its back I detected the marks of the whip. Had Zaroff already begun his usual practises? The animal’s eyes were lusterless; they gazed on me with a sort of dazed, numb expression in their depths. It whined, piteously, and once again I was shocked at the almost human tones in the throat of a jungle beast. When Zaroff approached closer, the panther cringed, and crawled away from the bars. 
“Is it sick?” I inquired. 
Zaroff smiled. “No, my friend. Perhaps the journey has tired it— the change, shall we say? It will be all right.” 
The great black cat whined dolefully. It kept staring at me with those amber eyes — staring and staring, as if it were humanly aware of my presence. With a slight shudder, I turned away. In order to make conversation, I casually asked after the health of Zaroff’s wife. 
A curious look came into the man’s face. “She — she has gone away,” he said. But his stolid features were averted. “She has been nervous and ill of late, so I thought it would be best if she went for a rest instead of going out with the show. We had an argument last night, and she took the train this morning.” 
The man is lying. Accuse him. The words ate their way into my brain. He may have beaten her to death. But such thoughts were mad. My eyes searched wildly for something on which to rest; something to divert my thoughts. I looked at the leopard cages. The cats were all curled up somnolently near the bars, as if they had just eaten. As if they were sated with food, rather. 
Maybe he fed her to the leopards. 
Was I really going insane? 
She was going to tell a secret. I heard him threaten her with something, and he spoke of leopards before she screamed. Why not? No one would ever know. My mind rocked with chaotic confusion. The woman was gone; as we passed the living-quarters I saw that the tent was empty and I knew he never allowed her to wander free. What had become of her? 
Zaroff watched me with an enigmatic smile. Did he suspect? “I will see you at rehearsal tomorrow,” he said. “Good day.” 
I stumbled out into the menagerie. As I passed the last cage the panther raised its head and moaned. 

I often wonder how I got through the rest of that day. The morbid suspicions that preyed on my mind had come to a harrowing climax. I kept thinking of Zaroff, and the strange rumors I had heard about the man. His leopards were strange, his act was strange, his whole history was shrouded in a cloak of nebulous dread. His wife knew, and she had disappeared. I must find out the truth. 
But perhaps I was wrong. Imagination, once unleashed, can distort facts im- measurably. Possibly his wife had left. True, he had beaten her, but they do such things on the Continent. The leopards were oddly trained, but Zaroff was an eccentric man. Was I unduly suspicious? 
These two conflicting trains of thought ran riot through my brain. The afternoon was a dream. I performed my routine functions automatically, but I could not forget. I neglected to inform the boss that Captain Zaroff had a new black panther, and I said nothing about the rehearsal on the following day. 
That night was the beginning of the end. 
What impelled me I cannot say, but I felt that I must learn the truth. So at midnight I rose from my restless cot and staggered off to Zaroff’s quarters. The lot was black and deserted, save for the looming shadows that lurked and capered in the corners beneath a leering yellow moon. There was a light in Zaroff’s tent when I entered. How I meant to excuse myself or what I intended to say I did not know. But Zaroff took the situation into his own hands. 
He was quite drunk. There was a bottle on the table before him, and another on the floor. He sat there sprawled back so that he resembled a seated corpse in the dim light, and his face was equally pale. He had discarded his uniform, but the ever-present whip still rested on the ground beside him. 
“Sit down, my friend,” he mumbled. His foreign accent became more noticeable under the influence of liquor. 
I seated myself beside him and haltingly began to talk. But his libations had made him loquacious, and he interrupted. I cannot say to this day what got him started, or whether he was too drunk to understand, but he told me plenty. Somehow he launched out on the story of his career during the war. He had, it seems, been an officer in the “Belgische Congo.” Later, he had become an animal trader in Senegal, and served as guide to several expeditions on the Sierra Leone coast. 
I let him ramble, occasionally prompting him to refill his glass. Sooner or later, I believed, something would slip out. It did. 
As the shadows about us deepened, his voice became lower and more confidential. He was speaking of the Blacks now — the furtive, sinister blacks of Sierra Leone, who practised voodoo and obeah rites in the hidden swamps. He told me of the witch-doctors who invoked the Crocodile God to the beat of jungle drums; spoke of the snake-gods of secret, inner Africa. And he whispered of the Leopard-men.
I had heard of them before — the human leopards of Sierra Leone, whose cult was dedicated to the beasts of the forest. They were said to be vampires, possessing the power of anthropomorphism; that is, they could, by means of secret spells, be- come leopards themselves. This they were reputed to do, at certain times. As leopards they lay in wait for their enemies and destroyed them, or else invoked their rites to transform their foes into animals. I had read newspaper stories about the British police and their futile efforts to stamp out the dreaded clan. 
Zaroff, mumbling incoherently, told me of these things again; spoke of how he himself had been initiated into the Leopard Cult one night beneath the waning autumn moon that gloats over Africa when the devil drums boom in nighted swamps. He told me of the spells he had learned from the shriveled arch-priests, and of the powers he could invoke by chants and rituals. “Remember the legend of Circe?” he whispered, and his eyes were alight with unnatural flame. “Man into beast, Man into beast.” 
Abruptly he recovered himself once more and changed the subject. By now he was so drunk that his voice slurred unintelligibly as he droned on. All I could catch were occasional phrases, but that was enough. “I decided to show the fools a real act…knew the proper spells…rest was easy…nobody suspected…Came to Europe with me…Wish to God I’d never met and married that slut… spying on me at night…found out…spoiled the act…that damned child…They wanted blood…scandal…Looked all right here, but those Ubangis knew…her stubbornness... had to do it…was the only way...” 
As his voice droned on, his body slid flaccidly to the floor. I left, but I had not found the satisfaction I sought. Instead, my heart was filled with a greater and more hideous unease. 
The man’s drunken tales had disturbed me. Of course all that rot about Leopard-men was childish, but still I felt afraid. There were those who believed it, and some of his furtive hints had smacked of the truth. Funny, what liquor will do to a man. But I could not dismiss the incident so easily. There was a strange and terrible mystery here. 
As I stalked off to my quarters I saw the blazing eyes of the black panther staring silently at me in the darkness. A Cray thought assailed me — perhaps it knew the truth! With a shaky smile I turned away.  Of course I should have reported all this to the boss. A drunken trainer who abuses his animals is never to be tolerated in a show. But something held me back. I would at least wait until the final rehearsal the following afternoon. Zaroff would work the new panther then, and there would be a showdown. 
There was a showdown, but not the kind I expected. 
I can see it now, in my mind’s eye — that bare arena, with the great steel cage in the center. The boss and I were sitting in the box, just as we had sat that first day. The clown number had just ended, and now four men took their places about the grim, barred barrier. 
Zaroff swaggered into view. Despite his debauchery of the previous evening he was as cool and erect as ever. As he entered the little, green-grilled door, his hand clenched tightly about the butt of his whip. The runway into the arena jerked into place between the bars. The wooden gates opened. 
Claws and fangs clicking, growls and coughs rumbling, tongues lolling and tails ladling, the leopards entered. Tawny bodies and green eyes, red throats arid white teeth. Nine leopards, and then — the panther. 
The leopards had raced in, roaring their defiance. The panther sidled down the runway with stealthy tread. It uttered no sound but entered the arena like a silent black shadow. Zaroff cracked his whip. But today the leopards did not move. Instead, they held their places, a note of menace rumbling low in their great throats. They gave the curious impression that they were waiting for something. Zaroff cracked his whip again, impatiently. 
The blade panther padded over to the group of giant cats, then turned and stared at Zaroff. 
Captain Zaroff stared back. There was a strange look on his face; he actually appeared to be nervous. He cracked his whip again and swore. The growling in the leopards’ throats rose in a thundering crescendo, but they did not move. The panther lashed its tail and continued to stare hypnotically at the tamer with evil, lambent eyes. 
Sweat broke out on Zaroff’s brow. I could have sworn that I saw a look of positive hate on that black beast’s face as it gazed at the man. The trainers, guns ready, moved closer to the bars outside. They sensed something. Why didn’t the man do something? 
The leopards roared louder. They were grouped behind the panther now, and the panther, step by step, was slowly inching forward. Its tail shot erect, but it never took its eyes from Zaroff’s tormented white face. Suddenly, with a shriek of almost human fury, the black body of the beast rose in the air and sprang for Zaroff’s neck. The leopards closed in, and the man went down beneath the fangs of ten jungle cats. There were shrieks crimson-dabbled lips, then all sound was blotted out, as the four trainers shot blindly, pumping lead into that knot of blazing yellow bodies, shooting and shooting and shooting..
The end came quickly, and only dead bodies remained about the mangled ruins of the thing that had once been Captain Zaroff. 
Nobody ever speaks of that scene anymore, but the tragedy itself was not the greatest horror. For I found the truth in Zaroff’s private papers and learned those things that had been hidden. Now I know why Zaroff left Africa, and what he had really learned about the Cult of the Leopard-men. I know now why he boasted that he was going to have the greatest animal act in the world, and why he took such unusual precautions to guard and care for the beasts himself. I know how he was able to train them so well, and why the Ubangis thought he was talking to the creatures. 
And I know just how his wife went away, too, and what she would have tried to tell the boss. It’s not pleasant knowledge — those things in the papers and diaries of the dead trainer. But it is infinitely more endurable than the memory of that last terrible sight — that dreadful glimpse of what lay in the arena when Zaroff, the leopards and the panther died. I can never forget that, because it is the final proof of all I dreaded to believe. 
Captain Zaroff’s chewed and lacerated form lay in a great pool of blood. Around him were the bodies of what the men with the guns had slain — nine bodies, not of leopards, but of Black men. Black Leopard-men, from Africa. And the tenth — the dreadful thing that was tearing at Zaroff’s throat; the new black panther with the human eyes — was his wife, Camille!

The Brood of Bubastis

I wish I did not have to write these lines. Ordinary suicide notes are morbid enough, and the tale which I must tell is infinitely more ghastly. Still, before I seek forgetfulness in the black boon of death, I feel impelled to leave this final testament. 
I owe it to my friends, who have never understood the frightening, unexplained metamorphosis of personality I underwent upon my return from England. Perhaps this will serve to explain my abhorrent and unnatural zoophobia—ailurophobia, rather. My quite inexplicable fear of cats caused them much anguish, I know, and for a while there was talk of a “nervous breakdown.” Now they shall hear the truth. I trust it clears up other points which may have puzzled them: my voluntary retirement to the country, the breaking off of all personal contacts and correspondence, and my brusque rejection of all their sympathetic advances. Here, then, is my final explanation to those I once knew and loved. 
Here, too, I trust, is material of value to students of archeology and ethnology; perhaps the first example of ancient legends substantiated by the testimony of an eyewitness. I hope that it will prove useful. 
It is quite possible, however, that both my friends and scientific authorities will dismiss this entire screed as the work of a crazed and degenerate mind. It does not really matter, though. By the time it reaches other eyes I shall have gone on to find the nepenthe that lies in death. Maybe it is for the best if these words are not believed, since the memories behind them are filled with a haunting horror that drives me to doom. 
But be it called truth, raving, or warning—here is the tale. 
On November twelfth of this last year, I sailed for England. My friends knew that I planned to visit my old college companion, Malcolm Kent, at his Cornwall estate. Malcolm had been a fellow student of mine, and we had formed a close bond of friendship, cemented by our mutual interests in psychology, philosophy, and metaphysics. 
I had a pleasant crossing, spiced with eager anticipation of the visit to come, for I had heard much of Malcolm’s fine old home. He had often spoken in detail of the ancient manor in which he dwelt and reminisced at length upon his ancestral heritage. His was an old family, steeped in the archaic traditions of the past—a past filled with Celtic myths, Pictish legends, and still more remote fables of antique days. The countryside about his estate was deeply imbued with hoary and fantastic lore. He had recounted olden whispers of goblin-folk, the dark dwarves and gnomes that burrowed in the bogs and swamps. Ghost tales and stories of furtive wizardries seemed to spring from the very twilight land itself. I looked forward to an interesting experience. 
So, at first, it seemed to be. I was enchanted with the Cornish countryside: a region of mystic mountains, cloud-haunted hilltops, and purple peaks that towered above wild forest glens and green-grottoed swamplands. Here was a region rich in romance—the dark land of Irish, Saxon, Roman, and primitive pagan gods. Witches could walk in these woods; sorcerers sweep across these sullen skies on their satanic steeds. I was well pleased with the place. 
I found in Malcolm an agreeable host. He had not changed; the tall, fair-haired youth had become a mature man whose cultured tastes still coincided harmoniously with my own. There was a world of wisdom in his pale blue eyes, and a warmth of welcome in his smile when first we met at the gate of his estate. 
Together we walked up the long tree-spanned pathway which led to the door of his dwelling. Here I stopped for a moment to survey the imposing structure. The Kent manor was a fine example of good old English architecture. It was large, with low, ivy-covered wings that jutted out on the sides; typically British solidness seemed to exude from the place. Now I can think of it only with repulsion, because everything connected with that place is tinged with dread for me. 
The interior was, I suppose, beautiful. Now I detest the thought of long, shadowed halls. I don’t like to let my mind dwell on the stone study, for it was there that the affair started. We had dined well, and Malcolm suggested we retire and chat before the fire. After perfunctorily discussing trivial matters of our recent years, our conversation ebbed. 
It was then that I sensed in Malcolm a 	peculiar hesitancy of manner. At first I ascribed it to a vague embarrassment on his part. I admit that I was gazing about me with great curiosity. I noted that his library on occultism had been greatly augmented since his first interest in it, during college. The walls were solidly shelved with books bearing unmistakable earmarks of the mantic arts. The skull on the mantel was a rather affected touch, I thought, though there was a genuine note of weirdness in some of the paintings and tapestries. But my intent scrutiny of these things, I felt, could not wholly explain his air of eagerness. He was nervous, his eyes ever on the floor as I gazed about the room. It was almost as though he wanted me to see certain things without his telling me; as though this place had some secret to impart of which he dared not speak. 
At length I grew impatient. The silence, the dim luminance of candles and fire, all affected my nerves. “Something wrong?” I asked. 
“Nothing,” he replied, easily. Too easily! 
“Aren’t hiding any bodies around here, are you?” I forced jocularity. 
“No, of course not.” He smiled, then leaned forward, earnestly. “Are you still as interested in the occult as you used to be?” he asked. 
Something in the intent tone of his voice warned me. “Well, to tell the truth, I haven’t studied much lately. Writing, you know, takes up pretty near all my time. And then, too, we got to a certain stage where ordinary work must cease. I can’t get the use of the more advanced books.” 
“I have them,” Malcolm said, carelessly indicating his shelves. “But that’s not the point. Are you still interested?” 
“Yes,” I replied. 
Was it fancy, or did his eyes light up with a disturbing gleam? Did a look of triumph cross his face? “I think that I have something of importance to tell you,” he began, slowly. “But I warn you, it may prove shocking. So if you’d rather we talked of something else-” 
“Go ahead,” I murmured. “Let’s have it.” 
For a long moment he averted his head. He seemed to be nerving himself to speak; his glance avoided mine again, as though attempting to conceal some hidden fear. It may have been a trick of the candlelight, but when he looked up, that odd glitter again shone in his eyes. When at last he spoke, his voice was very low. “Very well, then. I shall tell you the truth—all of it. It will be wise for me to do this, perhaps. I don’t like to bear the knowledge alone any longer.” 
Then, as I sat silent, he began his tale, and for the next hour I was transported to a world of mad imagination. While he spoke, it seemed as though the very shadows on the wall crept closer to listen, while the wind wailed a dirge beneath the windows, piping a threnody to his hints of hidden horrors. 
I heard him out. Afterward the words seemed to blur in my brain, so that I forgot many of his statements and remembered only their loathsome effect on me. Perhaps it is just as well, for at the time those stark, shuddery sentences moved me overmuch. The general details of his story, however, remain clear. 
For the past two years Malcolm had become intensely interested in neighborhood folklore. Time hung heavy on his hands, and his obscure studies impelled him to seek practical explanations of local legends. His questioning of the country rustics had brought to light much that was fascinating. He corroborated what he heard from them by reading archeological treatises, and there was much in ethnology and anthropology regarding the ancient days and the peoples then settled here. He read of Druidic times and correlated his readings with certain still-current fables telling of olden rites in the glades of oak. He rode across the countryside to view remains of menhirs and partly-standing altars ascribed to the priests of this primal cult. 
He learned of Roman invasions and Roman gods and had repeated to him the fable of Maximus Lupus, whom a dragon devoured on the midnight moor. The fantastic stories of Little People were substantiated in country folklore, and from then on he delved deeply into the demonology of many races and a score of centuries. Sea-serpents haunted the gloomy coasts, and mermaids shrilled a siren song above the storm. Kelpies and leprechauns croaked from bog and tarn, while certain peaks and hillside caves were reputed to be the abode of the dread trolls, dwarfs, and unfriendly small dark folk of pre-Pictish days. Witch rites, the Black Mass, the Damned Coven —all seemed to have their place in the history of the countryside. Such myths offered a wide field for investigation. 
This research had finally driven Malcolm past all sane boundaries. Abandoning the garbled distortions of the yokels and the cautious, tentative references of historians, he plunged boldly into the black tomes of evil lore. At first the more reputable of such dubious authorities sufficed him, but his way led him ever into wilder and more fantastic wisdom. He managed to borrow Ludvig Prinn’s almost legendary Latin edition of De Vermis Mysteriis, and in that cryptic repository of nightmare knowledge he found much over which to ponder perplexedly. 
That was several months ago. Since then he had returned the volume—it was the property of the British Museum—but had made a number of notes from it. Among these scribblings was an almost incredible statement which greatly excited his fevered fancy. 
Since then he had checked the facts in established archeology texts and books on the subject of race-migration. They echoed the truth. Substantially, the theory was simple: the Egyptians had once colonized Cornwall! 
According to the fragmentary allusions Malcolm had discovered, the strange dark peoples of Africa had sailed up the coast lands in their Phoenician-built galleys. This much was known from the wrecked remnants of several craft unearthed on desolate and sand-swept shores. Later and even more startling advances had been made during the investigation of numerous primitive, abandoned mines dotting the local heaths. These had been previously ascribed to early Gaels, but the familiar symbols and ideography of ancient Egypt were unmistakably inscribed on the rock walls of the deeper chasms. Most of the mines bore traces of having been hastily abandoned, thus accounting for their discontinuance. 
Comparison with accounts of early navigation did much to substantiate the theory. The fleets of Egypt sailed to the Orient; why not westward as well? Malcolm put forth these ideas in tones of such profound eagerness and agitation that I was tempted to inquire as to his particular interest in them. 
He told me, intensely, and at length. For two definite reasons he was interested. First—there was one of those Egyptian mines in this very neighborhood. He had stumbled across it quite by chance, during a walk along the moors. Upon descending the outer rim of a precipitous cliff, he had noticed faint remnants of a definite pathway around a ledge. Upon following the trail out of curiosity he found himself standing before a deep, cavernous indentation in the wall of the ledge. Half obscured by weeds and branches, an aperture yawned inward, seemingly leading to the very bowels of the earth below the moor. He cleared away enough of the debris to wriggle through, and discovered a long, slanting tunnel that stretched blackly before him. Flashlight in hand, he had entered. There was a musty fetor in the darkness, an odor of furtive decay. Dust danced about his feet as he floundered on. The burrow widened, until a cyclopean maze of inner passages confronted him. Here he had turned back, as his torch was failing fast, but not before he had seen certain unmistakable hieroglyphic designs in the archaic style of Egypt. He had deferred his return until I arrived. Now we could go together. 
“But,” I interjected, “I think this is a task for reputable authorities. Why not publish your findings and invite a group of recognized savants to aid you in the project?” 
He demurred. We had best go alone, until we were really certain of the extent and importance of our discovery. I saw his point and agreed. “Didn’t you mention having a second reason for your moodiness?’” I asked. 
He again avoided my glance. “Never mind that now. It’s getting late. I’ll tell you tomorrow, when we get there.” 
“Tomorrow?” I gasped. 
“Why not? Turn in now and get a good night’s rest. We’re off in the morning.” 
I let it go at that, but as I went up to bed I could not help but remember his last, curiously twisted smile. 

It was a long walk across the moor in that misty, early morning fog. Malcolm and I both grunted under our burden of food, torches, and other apparatus. Groping in gray gloom, we skirted the steep edge of a seaward cliff until Malcolm found the proper path. Then we began our descent. Hanging in space, I heard the roar of the mist-obscured surf from far below, and the brisk breeze sent spray to sting my face and hands. Amidst the shrill, mocking cries of the gulls, we clambered along the narrow ledge until it broadened sufficiently to permit of more casual passage. At last Malcolm turned to me and indicated the spot for which we searched. 
There was the tunnel, just as he had described it—a black fissure in the rock; a thin opening that looked as though it were scratched in the stone by a gigantic claw of some ogrish monster. The hole was deep and black, and as I contemplated it I received my first definite impression of uneasiness. 
I have never liked the dark places beneath the earth. The sight of caves and tunnels brings a train of almost atavistic recollection. I instinctively associate such burrows with death and graves. And too many unwholesome legends seem to cluster around caverns. Perhaps it is a relic of primitive times, but caves in my mind always conjure up a vision of mythical dragons and vast, lumbering beasts; of black, half-animal races of troglodytes; of vaults and catacombs given over to the dead. And this sinister slit in the ageless rock looked oddly unnatural. Consequently I paused before it, suspicion mounting within me. 
“This—this doesn’t look like a mine to me,” I said. “However primitive, I don’t see how ore could be carried up the cliff, and the opening is too narrow. I don’t like it. Are you sure you’re not mistaken?” 
Malcolm smiled. It was a peculiar smile, tinged with sardonic amusement. “I’m not mistaken,” he said. “And it isn’t a mine. I know that. But it all ties up with the second reason for my moodiness which I promised to explain. I’d better tell you before we go in.” 
He spoke. It was a strange place to impart such a secret; on a fog-wrapped ledge halfway between sea and sky, before a dark doorway to the inner earth. But the secret was fitting for such a scene as this. 
“I lied to you last night,” Malcolm said calmly. “I didn’t tell you all I studied, or all I found out. There’s more, much more, behind this visit than a mere glimpse of ancient times.” 
He paused. “Have you ever heard of Bubastis?” he asked. 
“Bubastis?” I was a little puzzled. “Why, yes. Old Egyptian city, wasn’t it? And isn’t there a god, Bubastis—Bast, or Pasht, they call it?” 
“Yes.” Again that puzzling smile. “Bubastis, or Bast, was the cat-goddess of Egypt during the days of the Pharaohs. According to the proper myth-cycle, Bubastis was the daughter of Isis. The temples of the goddess were located separately in the cities of Bubastis and Elephantine.” 
“What are you getting at?” I was frankly bewildered; he told me this with such an air of grave importance, and his recurring smile was baffling. “What do you mean?” I asked, impatiently. 
“I mean that we are now entering the new temple of Bubastis,” he purred. “Don’t gape at me! If you’ve read Prinn’s Saracenic Rituals chapter, or the Roman contemporary historians, you must know that Elephantine and Bubastis were destroyed. It is hinted that the Priests of Bast were blaspheming against the reigning religions, and their sacrifices were atrocious. Finally an army was sent against their cities and the temples were ravished. But—and this is important— the priests were said to have vanished; escaped somewhere, with their acolytes. They came here.” 
“Here? You mean, to Cornwall?” 
“Exactly. That’s why those stupid fools were deceived by the mines. Most of them were blinds—with hollow shafts leading to temples beneath.” 
“But what were they trying to do?” 
“The renegade priests knew black arts. Their worship was perverted. Bast was a ghoul-goddess, remember, and her feline fangs must know blood. And besides, the priests were experimenting. Somewhere in the old Demonolorum it is written that there was a sect of Egypt which believed literally in their gods; believed that Anubis, Bast, and Set could assume human form. That is to say, that the cat-goddess could be brought to life. And there were wise men in those days; science and biology were not unknown. It is the belief of savants that the priests of Bast were mating animals and humans in an attempt to create a hybrid—a hybrid with the attributes of their deity. For this they were expelled, and they fled here.” 
Incredible! But the cavern gaped its grinning mouth in mockery, and the fog twisted its way into my brain. 
Malcolm went on. “Clever, clever priests! Here, in the safety of the under-earth, they rebuilt their shattered fanes. With slaves and devotees they continued their experiments. I know that within this very moor are treasures far greater than those of the Pyramids or temple tombs. That’s what we’re going to see now. I don’t want any meddling experts to gain the credit. It’s a secret you and I alone must know.” 
He could not help but see my face. “Don’t be afraid, you fool! I’ve been here many times, no matter what I told you. I know the way. It’s wonderful, I tell you.” 
He pushed me through the cleft, and we wriggled into darkness. Was it a trick? Was Malcolm, perhaps, unbalanced? Was I? The darkness did not reply, though its black strands were already coiling around my brain. 
The torch-glow guided me through the fissure and into a long, sloping passage where I could once more stand erect. Wading through dust, we walked between narrow, carefully chiseled walls for what seemed an interminable time. Already the nightmare aspects of this whole strange adventure were deadening all rational thoughts. Now Malcolm led the way, through twisted burrows that stretched like hollow tentacles of some unseen horror ahead. Walking deep in the ageless earth, beneath a moor! With every step, my time-sense faded away, until I might easily believe that we had left centuries behind and were again in primal days. 
Mole-like, clambering through the shaft, we descended. The utter peculiarity of the place precluded speech, and we went silently onward. It was quite hot, but jets of warmer air were wafted from gulfs ahead. The way widened. We were approaching the caverns now. This, indeed, was no mine-shaft. And the pit we had just entered was unmistakable. 
It was a tomb. Basalt walls were carefully chiseled in geometric lines. The floor was set in stone, and here the dust was not so thick. This touch of artificial design was peculiarly disturbing after the utter crudity of the passageway. But what occupied the room was more disturbing still. Slabs of stone lined the walls—slabs of stone, and on them, mummy-cases; dust-covered, moldering, but unmistakable. 
It was true! There was no mistaking the familiar forms. And now, through the discolorations, I saw designs on the walls. Egyptian designs, four thousand miles away from Egypt and three thousand years away from the present! 
“The early priests,” Malcolm said, softly. “They were buried here, just as though they were at home.” 
I would have stopped and attempted to peer into some of the sarcophagi, but Malcolm intervened. “This is nothing,” he whispered. “There are—ah—real sights ahead.” 
We left the hall. I was beginning to feel the fear that crept upon me. Malcolm was right, and what did he mean now by showing me “real” sights? 
Gnawing curiosity overcame my dread, as I followed him through the ossuaries and into a second chamber. More slabs, more mummy cases. There must have been hundreds of people dwelling here at one time! There were side corridors now, all artificially hewn in the rock. These perhaps had led to the dwelling places of the inhabitants. 
A question flashed through my thoughts. “Malcolm,” I said, “what did these people feed on here? There’s no place for cultivation of foodstuffs?” 
He faced me with that damned smile of his again. “Bubastis was, I told you, a ghoul-goddess. The priests and worshippers emulated her.” 
A sickening wave of repulsion swept over me. This was all so unnatural—it savored of nightmares and old things that haunt men in their dreams. I wanted very much to turn back, but Malcolm strode resolutely ahead, and he beckoned imperiously, leading on to further horrors. We entered pits. 
Our lights, while strong enough to penetrate ordinary darkness, proved eerily dim amidst these black and eldritch walls through which we now wandered. Bat-like shadows basked and hovered just outside the luminance of our torches, and occasionally dispersed to hint at what lay behind. At first I was irritated by the lack of illumination, but I was soon to give thanks that it was no brighter. As it was, I saw more than enough; for in this third room, Malcolm allowed me to examine some of the mummies. 
What unnatural life had festered and flourished here in the black bosom of earth? That first coffin was awful. Ghoul-like, I clawed the lid from the case and peered at what lay within. The thing was perfectly embalmed, and as I unwrapped it with trembling haste, the face came into view. It crumbled, thank heaven, almost immediately, but not until I saw the malformed creature within. 
Two dead eyes stared from the rigid face of a dark-skinned priest. Two dead eyes, set in a forehead withered with decay — a forehead from which protruded the hideous, misshapen head of a tiny serpent! “Skin-grafting,” I gasped, weakly. 
“No. Look closer.” Malcolm’s voice was grave, but I knew he smiled. 
I looked again, as the air putrefied that withered countenance before my eyes. I reeled. It was unmistakable, though sanity clutched vainly for another explanation. There was nothing to do but face the monstrous truth—that serpent’s head actually grew on the mummy’s brow. And since it, too, was mummified —but I dared not finish the thought. Malcolm again supplied the ghastly answer. “It was alive, when he was.” 
I rose to my feet and went on. There was nothing else to do. Horror supplies a merciful anesthesia of its own, and I was partly drugged by that first dread realization. I must have been, else I should have gone mad viewing the sights that followed. 
Malcolm was right. The priests had mated animals with humans. We opened other cases; that is, Malcolm did, while I stood fixed and fascinated beside him. There was a Pan-thing, with a horned forehead and a face that even through centuries still held a goatish leer. In one spot we discovered a fiendish trinity— three dwarfed and stunted faces on a single head and neck. The most frightful ravings of archaic mythology were all duplicated here—gargoyle, chimera, centaur, harpy—parodied in the Gorgonic features of leering, long-dead priests. 
Then there was the section farther on with the bodies. Lycanthropic sights were revealed as Malcolm hacked away the case-coverings. The stench of natron hung like a miasma above the violated sarcophagi of creatures with human heads and the mummified bodies of apes. There was a hoofed horror with vestigial remnants of a tail, and a Ganesh-like thing with the enormous trunk of an elephant. Some of those we saw were evidently failures: noseless, eyeless, faceless freaks with extra arms; and finally an awful corpse without limbs, whose swollen neck grew into a gaping, headless maw. All mercifully dissolved into dust after a moment. 
By this time all semblance of normality had departed from me. I followed Malcolm from slab to slab, wrenching off outer casings and unwinding each new terror. Sated, I feasted my eyes on new perversions and greater blasphemies. When I thought of how these things had been born—what mad, unnatural experiments had performed these matings—I could hardly control myself. It was all long ago, I knew, but the very thought of such things existing in an outwardly sane universe was terrifying. 
I refuse to let myself admit how deeply we had burrowed in that accursed labyrinth when the horror came. Malcolm and I, our torches trembling in hands palsied with dread, stumbled down a sable spiral of rock-hewn stairs. The memory of those things in the crypts above buzzed in my brain; else I would not have ventured on into the noisome, fear-infested darkness — that seething, slithering darkness in which our very shadows drowned. 
Malcolm was no longer my companion. He seemed utterly detached. He was horribly familiar with our way, and strangely calloused. His silence oppressed me; with diabolical abandon he plodded down the stairs, his intent body straining forward as if avid to meet and mingle with dread yet to come. 
Nevertheless, I followed him. I could not bear to go back alone, and my voice refused to function when I thought of suggesting it. Somehow, this whole thing was like a dream, and I was afraid that the sound of my own conversation would shatter that impression and make me aware of this awful reality. Besides, Malcolm was now literally racing down the stairs, and I must go on to intercept him. I meant to lead him back again to the world of light before it was too late. 
Or did I? Horror swept over me in sweet black waves of ecstasy. The steps which I descended seemed to lure onward to new, infinitely enchanted nightmares. My being was wrenched between sharp, hysterical fear for the sake of Malcolm, and a grinning delight, a loathly lusting for terrors to come. 
We staggered down the stairs. There were gusts of odious vapor; venom-brewed stenches, chill breezes that dripped with dampness. From far below the wind droned a dirge that was a death-rattle in the dark. But these went almost unnoticed. What little thought I still possessed was occupied with visual evils. 
The winding walls of the shaft we descended were gelid black in the glare of our lights, but they were not bare. There were pictures—more Egyptian art, but not conventional ideographic work like that in the catacombs above. These sketches were disturbingly different, with great, sprawling figures, like those traced by an idiot in sand. Once again we viewed the monsters I was trying to forget; the snake-men, the satyr-creatures, the deformed cacodemons we found in the upper tombs. But now we saw them pictured in life, and it was worse than any imagining. These caricatures of humanity were shown while engaging in certain acts, and the needs they performed were evil. There were scenes which told an ancient story all too well— glimpses of the living monsters sacrificing to their gods and gratifying their lusts. Among these were pictures of normal men; high priests, I suppose, and they were mingled with the beast-herd in lechery so perverted that it sickened me. 
But Malcolm laughed. Spasm after spasm of cackling mirth welled from his rasping throat. He chuckled with a terrible, gloating rictus at my look of dread. I turned the light of my torch away from the walls and went blindly forward down the remaining stairs. If I had been normal I should have guessed what lay below, after seeing those grimacing frescoes of cannibalistic, necrophiliac animal-men. I might have remembered Malcolm’s sly allusions to the Priests of Bast, and their efforts to create an unholy life for their god. 
But I was not normal; so I followed Malcolm’s scurrying shape until the stairs ended. I will be very brief here and spare myself as much of the memory as possible. 
The caverns below were immense; perhaps they were the product of a great air-bubble in the earth’s inner crust. It was hot and dark down there, but for that I am glad. The darkness and suddenly increased perspiration blurred my eyes. Even so, I could not fail to see the tormenting truth. 
The floor of this pit stretched off into interminable burrows beyond, each gaping its black and hungry mouth. And before each mouth there was a little pile of bones. Bones, osseous dust; a shambles of skulls. Even from a distance I could see the marks of gnawing teeth in the splintered death’s heads. A thought seared through me. 
There had been pictures on the wall— pictures of beast-men feeding on human flesh, on one another. Perhaps those buried in the tombs above were the human experiments; then these bones represented the other, nearly animal, creatures. Just how near the old priests had approached to their idea of a godhead I dared not surmise. Many of the bones before me hinted of ghastly spawning between beast and man. 
It was then that I saw the altar. A bare black stone reared loathsomely up in the center of the cavern floor; a stark, shining surface that sprang from the rock beneath. But the place where it met the floor was entirely buried beneath bones. As I gazed at them in the low light, I clutched Malcolm’s shoulder for support. Because I saw—I saw! 
These were no disarticulated skeletons; these osseous fragments before the sinister altar! These were fresh bones! And among the shredded, fleshy remnants that clung to them were tattered bits of cloth and leather— English cloth and leather! 
What did it mean? The priests of Bast died, and their creatures devoured one another after them. But what did they sacrifice to on the black altar; what lurked in the ebon burrows beyond, that still crept forward to feast? And who fed it? 
I looked into Malcolm’s twitching visage and read the answer to my questions. From the expression on that laughing, demented countenance I knew him to be completely crazed. “There’s no dust on this floor,” I found myself whispering. “No dust.” 
“No, you fool.” He glared into my eyes, as he gripped my wrists. “There’s no dust where things still move around. I can see that you noticed the bones. I might as well tell you the truth. Do you know what this was? The temple of Bubastis! That altar held its sacrifice, when the priests offered up their beast-man victims to the god. That was the altar from which the god took its prey— and by the eternal, it still does! 
“Yes, tremble. It’s well you do. You’ll need to shudder before I’ve done with you. You’re not the first to follow me down these stairs in the past six months; those bones tell their own story. I’ve shown some of the local people this spot.” He continued, “You see, the god is hungry. The god needs food. At first I was afraid, but now I know that if I please the god with sacrifices it will not harm me. Perhaps in time it will teach me the secrets of the dead old priests, and then I shall know many things. But the god needs blood. Blood!” 
He dragged me, weak and half fainting with shock and terror, across that dreadfully dustless floor, shambling as though in the grip of some insane compulsion. Before I was able to struggle or resist he had me up against the black altar, and we fought knee-deep in gleaming bones. His eyes were mad, and his strength that of a fanatic. I screamed and screamed, until his hands grasped my throat and choked me. But even as I fought him, my brain battled against its own fears. 
Sacrifices, and a Feeder from the Pit…What cursed experiment of the dead priests still groped about in the gloom beyond? What chewed those bones? A phrase from some book flashed through my head. “Ghoul—Chewer of Corpses.” 
Malcolm lifted me on the altar, then turned his head and gazed across the charnel chamber to the burrows. He called, shouted, in unintelligible gibberish that resembled the tongue of ancient Egypt. Then came the unmentionable rustling from the black openings beyond. Something was waddling into view out of the pits; something emerged. 
Chewer of Corpses! 
With the strength of the doomed I leapt from the altar, and my fist crashed into Malcolm’s grinning, exultant face. He toppled across the black slab as I turned and ran across the cavern to the stairs. But by the time I reached it the thing had completely emerged; emerged, and stalked across the floor to the altar-stone where Malcolm lay. And it lifted him, though he moaned when he felt his body being dangled in those flabby paws. He hung like a broken doll, while the thing bent its rugose head and opened its mouth. 
Chewer of Corpses! 
That is what I sobbed as I turned and fought my way up those dark, basaltic stairs. That is the phrase I moaned as I lurched through nether halls of twilight where the monstrous mummies lay; that is what I crooned as I clambered back along the outer shaft. And when the sudden shock of sunlight burst upon my face at the entrance to the ledge, I weakly murmured the words as I sank into unconsciousness. 
I was strangely calm when I recovered. I managed the climb to the top of the cliff, and even made the mile journey across the moor. Weak as I was, I packed and caught a train at the village station. Only that night did I sink into the fevered dreams that have made life an unbearable torment ever since. I was a sick man on the boat, and when I reached New York I shut up my apartment forever. 
I can only surmise as to the termination of the affair. Whether Malcolm’s disappearance is ascribed to me I do not know; whether the disputed fate of the rustics he lured to death has been forgotten, I cannot say. Nor does it really matter. What does matter is the necessity for immediate investigation of the horror below those moors; that blasphemy that broods beneath. 
I can no longer bear the blight of memory; so I leave this task to other hands. Let men do what they will—study the place if they wish, but by all means destroy it, lest there be a repetition some day of my own tragic experience. I can force myself to coherence no longer. Since that awful day I have pondered overmuch on what I heard, and worse still—what I guessed. That is what impels me to take my life. 
Yes, there was the pit, and the priests of Bast dwelt there. It is all true about their experiments with men and beasts, their creation of loathsome monsters in the black burrows built beneath the earth. Thank God they died off and destroyed one another as they did. For that alone I can be grateful. 
But I have learned more than that. Now I know what those unholy wizards meant to do; why they mated beasts and men. I know what they wished to create to rule over them, and what they did create at the last—the thing that still lives in the farther pit. That is what I cannot endure to remember—the sight of the thing Malcolm madly meant to serve; the thing that killed him—the secret of the priests of Bast. It came rustling out of the darkness in the pit; the great blind thing that seized Malcolm as he lay on its altar. It grasped him in cruel claws, and gnawed or nuzzled at his throat. It was the Chewer of Corpses. 
There on the altar it crouched, ten feet tall—the mockingly human figure, like that of the lioness-creatures pictured on the walls. The giant, human figure, but oh! that head!  
The priests had succeeded at the last. They brought their god to earthly life. That head— the leering, ravening muzzle of a carnivorous beast! It haunts me, because now I know that Malcolm Kent met his death at the hands of the living, breathing, hybrid monster, whom the priests made. 
The thing that killed him was the Cat-goddess of Bubastis! 



The Creeper in the Crypt

In Arkham, where ancient gables point like wizard’s fingers to the sky, strange tales are told. But then, strange tales are always current in Arkham. There is a tale for every rotting ruin, a story for every little corpse-eye window that stares out at the sea when the fog comes up.
Here, fantastic fancy seems to flourish, nourished at the shriveled witch-teats of the town itself, sucking the graveyards dry of legend, and draining at the dark dugs of superstition.
Arkham was a strange place, once; abode of witch and warlock, familiar and fiend. In olden days the King’s men cleared the town of wizardry. Again, in 1818, the new Government stepped in to destroy some particularly atrocious burrows in and about some of the more ancient houses and, incidentally, to dig up a graveyard better left untouched. Then, in 1869, came the great immigrant panic in Old Town Street, when the moldering mansion of Cyrus Hook was burned to the ground by fear-crazed foreigners.
Even since then there have been scares. The affair of the “witch-house” and the peculiar episodes attendant upon the fate of certain missing children at All-Hallows time have caused their share of talk.
But that isn’t why the “G-men” stepped in. The Federal Government is usually uninterested in supernatural stories. That is, they were, up to the time I told the authorities about the death of Joe Regetti. That’s how they happened to come; I brought them.
Because, you see, I was with Joe Regetti just before he died, and shortly after. I didn’t see him die, and I’m thankful for that. I don’t think I could have stood watching if what I suspect is true.
It’s because of what I suspect that I went to the Government for help. They’ve sent men down here now, to investigate, and I hope they find enough to convince them that what I told them is actual fact. If they don’t find the tunnels, or I was mistaken about the trap door, at least I can show them Joe Regetti’s body. That ought to convince anybody, I guess.
I can’t blame them for being skeptical, though. I was skeptical myself, once, and so were Joe Regetti and his mob, I suppose. But since then I have learned that it is wiser not to scoff at what one does not understand. There are more things on earth than those who walk about upon its surface—there are others that creep and crawl below.
I had never heard of Joe Regetti until I was kidnapped. That isn’t so hard to understand. Regetti was a gangster, and a stranger in the town. I am descended from Sir Ambrose Abbott, one of the original settlers.
At the time of which I speak, I was living alone in the family place on Bascom Street. The life of a painter demands solitude. My immediate family was dead, and although socially prominent through accident of birth, I had but few friends. Consequently, it is hard to understand why Regetti chose me to kidnap first. But then, he was a stranger.
Later I learned that he had been in town only a week, staying ostensibly at a hotel with three other men, none of whom was subsequently apprehended.
But Joe Regetti was a totally unknown factor in my mind until that night when I left Tarleton’s party at his home on Sewell Street.
It was one of the few invitations I had accepted in the past year. Tarleton had urged me, and as he was an old friend, I obliged. It had been a pleasant evening. Brent, the psychiatrist, was there, and Colonel Warren, as well as my old companions of college days, Harold Gauer and the Reverend Williams. After a pleasant enough evening, I left, planning to walk home as I usually did, by choice.
It was a lovely evening—with a dead moon, wrapped in a shroud of clouds, riding the purple sky. The old houses looked like silver palaces in the mystic moonlight; deserted palaces in a land where all but memories are dead. For the streets of Arkham are bare at midnight, and over all hangs the age-old enchantment of days gone by.
Trees tossed their twisted tops to the sky, and stood like furtive conspirators in little groups together, while the wind whispered its plots through their branches. It was a night to inspire the fabulous thought and imaginative morbidities I loved so well.
I walked slowly, contentedly, my thoughts free and far away. I never saw the car following me, or the man lurking ahead in the gloom. I strolled past the great tree in front of the Carter house, and then, without warning, balls of fire burst within my head, and I plunged, unconscious, into waiting arms.
When I recovered, I was already there in the cellar, lying on a bench.
It was a large cellar—an old cellar. Wherever I looked there was stone and cobwebs. Behind me lay the stairs down which I had been carried. To the left was a little room, like a fruit-cellar. Far down the stone wall to the right I could discern the looming outlines of a coal-pile, though furnace there was none.
Directly in the space before me was a table and two chairs. The table was occupied by an oil lamp and a pack of cards in solitaire formation. The chairs were likewise occupied, by two men. My captors.
One of them, a big, red-faced man with the neck of a hog, was speaking. “Yeah, Regetti. We got him easy. We follow him like you say, from house, and grab him in front of tree. Right away come here—nobody saw not’ing.”
“Where’s Slim and the Greek?” asked the man who was playing solitaire, looking up. He was short, slim, and sallow. His hair was dark, his complexion swarthy. Italian, I decided. Probably the leader. I realized, of course, that I had been kidnapped. Where I was or who my captors were I could not say. My throbbing head cleared, and I had enough sense not to bluster or start trouble. These weren’t local men—not with those clothes—and there was an ominous bulge in the dark man’s coat-pocket. I decided to play ‘possum and await developments.
The hog-necked man was replying to the other’s question. “I tell Slim and Greek to go back to hotel with car,” he said. “Just like you say, boss.”
“Good work, Polack,” said the other, lighting a cigar.
“I do my best for you, Joe Regetti,” said the big man, in his broken dialect.
“Yeah. Sure. I know you do,” the swarthy Regetti replied. “Just keep it up, and we’re going to be all set, see? Once I put the snatch on a few more of these birds, we’ll clean up. The local coppers are all stiffs, and as soon as I get a line on some more of these old families we’ll be taking in the dough regular.”
“I beg your pardon,” I said.
“Oh, awake, eh?” The thin Italian didn’t move from the table. “Glad to hear it. Sorry the boys had to get rough, mister. Just sit tight and everything’s going to be swell.”
“I’m glad to hear that,” I replied, sarcastically. “You see, I’m not accustomed to being kidnapped.”
“Well, let me handle it,” said Joe Regetti. “I’ll show you the ropes.”
“Thanks,” I retorted. “You already have.” And I pointed to the ones that bound my hands and feet.
“Sense of humor, eh? Okay. Hope your friends come across with the dough after they get this letter I wrote, or maybe the rest isn’t going to be so funny.”
“What next?” I said, desperately hoping that something would turn up to give me an opening of some sort.
“You’ll see soon enough,” advised the man. “First, I’m going to sit with you down here for the rest of the night.”
The Pole’s face paled. “No, boss,” he begged. “You no stay down here.”
“Why not?” rasped Regetti, harshly. “What’s the matter with you, Polack—turning yellow on me, eh?”
“I’m not,” whined the man. “But you know what happen has here before, boss—how they find Tony Fellippo’s leg lyin’ on floor with no body left,”
“Layoff the bedtime stories,” Regetti chuckled. “You yokels make me sick with that stuff,”
“But dat’s true, boss. They never was for to find any more of old Tony Fellippo—just his leg on cellar floor. Dot why his mob go ‘way so quick. They no want for to die, too.”
“What do you mean, die?” snarled Regetti, testily.
The Pole’s face paled, and his voice sank to a hushed whisper that blended with the cellar’s darkness; a shadow voice in a shadow world. “Dat what everyone say, boss. Dat house is witched—like haunted one, maybe. Nobody put Tony Fellippo on spot—dat feller, he too dam’ smart guy. But he sit all alone here one night, and somet’ing come up from earth and swallow him, all but leg.”
“Will you shut up?” Regetti cut in. “That’s a lot of hooey. Some wise guy put the heat on Fellippo and got rid of the body. Only his leg was left to scare off the rest of his mob. Are you trying to tell me a ghost killed him, sap?”
“Yah, sure,” insisted the Pole. “No man kill Tony. Not like you say, anyhow. Find leg, all right, but all over is lot blood on floor, and little pieces skin. No feller kill man like dat—only spirit. Vampire, maybe.”
“Nuts!” Regetti was scornfully biting his cigar.
“Maybe so. But look—here is blood.” And the Pole pointed a stubby finger at the floor and cellar wall to the left. Regetti followed it with his gaze. There was blood, all right—great, rusty blobs of blood, spattered all over the floor and wall like the pigments on the palette of a mad painter. “No man kill odder feller like dat,” the Pole muttered. “Not even ax make such mess. And you know what fellers they say about Fellippo’s leg—was all full of tooth-marks.”
“Right,” mused the other, thoughtfully. “And the rest of his gang did get out of here pretty fast after it happened. Didn’t try to hide the body or do anything about it.” He frowned. “But that doesn’t prove any baloney about ghosts, or vampires. You been reading too many bum magazines lately, Polack.” He laughed.
“What about iron door?” grumbled the Pole, accusingly, his red face flushing. “What about iron door back of coal in coal-pile, huh? You know what fellers down by Black Jim’s place say about house with iron door in cellar.”
“Yeah,” Regetti’s face clouded.
“You no look by iron door yet, boss,” the man continued. “Maybe you find somet’ing behind door yet, like fellers say—dat where t’ing dat got Fellippo came from; dot where it hide. Police they not find door either, when they come. Just find leg, and blood, and shut up house. But fellers know. They tell me plenty about house with iron door in cellar; say it bad place from old days when witch-fellers live here. It lead to hill back of house; cemetery, maybe. Perhaps dat’s why nobody live here so long—afraid of what hides on other side of door; what come out and kill Tony Fellippo. I know about house with iron door in cellar, all right.”
I knew about the house, too. So that’s where I was at! In the old Chambers house on Pringle Street! Many a story I’ve heard from the old folks when I was a boy about the old man, Ezekiel Chambers, whose wizard tricks bequeathed him such an unsavory reputation in Colonial days. I knew about Jonathan Dark, the other owner, who had been tried for smuggling just before the terrible days of 1818, and the abhorrent practice of grave-robbing he had been said to pursue in the ancient cemetery directly behind the house, on the hill.
Many peculiar rumors were circulated about the moldering house with the iron door in the cellar at this time—about the door, particularly, which Dark was said to use as a passageway for bringing his stolen cadavers back to dispose of. It was even claimed that the door had never been opened when Dark was tried, because of his astounding and hideous claim that the key which locked it was on the other side. Dark had died during the trial, while in prison, babbling blasphemies that no man dared believe; monstrous hints of what lay beneath the old graveyard on the hill; of tunnels and burrows and secret vaults used in witch-days for unhallowed rites. He spoke of tenants in these vaults, too, and of what sometimes would come to visit the house from below when a wizard invoked it with the proper spells and sacrifice. There was more, too—but then, Dark was quite mad. At least, everyone thought it better to believe so.
Old tales die. The house had stood deserted for many years, until most men forgot the reason for which it had been forsaken, ascribing its vacancy only to age. The public today were utterly unaware of the legends. Only the old ones remembered—the old ones who whispered their stories to me when I was a boy.
So this was the Dark house to which I had been brought! And this was the very cellar of the tales in question! I gathered from the remarks between Regetti and the superstitious Pole that another gang had recently used it for a hideaway until the death of their leader; indeed, I even vaguely remembered some newspaper reports of Tony Fellippo’s murder.
And now Regetti had come from New York to use it as a base.
Clever scheme of his, evidently—coming to an old New England town and kidnapping the local gentry to hold for ransom; then hiding them away in some old, deserted house so conveniently protected by superstition. I supposed that there would be more victims after me, too; the man was smart and cunning enough to get away with it.
These thoughts flashed through my mind during the argument between the Pole and his leader. But their altercation came to an abrupt halt. “I wish you get our of here,” the Pole was saying. “If you stay only one night dat t’ing he come. Dat’s all Tony Fellippo stay.”
“Shut up, you fool. Didn’t we stay here last night, too, before the job? And nothing happened.”
“Yeah, sure. I know. But we stay upstairs, not by cellar. Why not keep feller upstairs?”
“Because we can’t afford to risk being seen,” Regetti snapped, wearily. “Now, cut the chatter.” He turned to me. “Listen, you. I’m sending this guy out with a ransom letter right now, to your friends back at the party. All you have to do is keep your mouth shut and sit tight. Bur any funny business means you’re through, see?”
I kept silent.
“Take him in there, Polack, and tie him up.” Regetti indicated a fruit-cellar adjacent to the stairs.
The Pole, still grumbling, dragged me across the floor and into the room. He lit a candle, casting strange shadows over the cobwebbed, dust-drowned shelving on the walls. Jars of preserves still stood untouched, storing, perhaps, the crop of a hundred years ago. Broken jars were still strewn about on the tottering table. As I glanced about, the Pole tossed me into a chair beside the rickety board and proceeded to lash me to it firmly with a stout rope. I was not gagged or blindfolded again, though the choking atmosphere about me served as a good substitute for both. He left me, closing the door. I was alone in the candle-lit quiet. 
I strained my ears, and was rewarded by hearing Regetti dismiss his henchman for the night, evidently to deliver the ransom note to the proper authorities. He, Regetti, would stay behind on guard. “Don’t run into any ghosts on your way,” he called after his companion, as the big Pole lumbered up the stairs.
A slamming outer door was his only response. From the ensuing quiet I judged Regetti had gone back to his solitaire. Meanwhile, I looked about for some means of escape. I found it at last, on the table beside me. The broken jars—glass edges to cut my bonds!
Purposefully I edged my chair closer to the table end. If I could get a piece of that glass in my hands. As I moved, I strained my ears once more to make sure that any noise made by the chair would be inaudible to Regetti, waiting outside. There was no sound from the chair as I reached the table, and I sighed with relief as I maneuvered my pinioned hands until they grasped a piece of glass firmly. Then I began to rub it against the edge of the rope which bound them.
It was slow work. Minutes ticked away into hours, and still no sound from outside, save a muffled series of snores. Regetti had fallen asleep over his cards. Good! Now, if I could get my wrists free and work on my feet, I would be able to make it.
My right hand was loose at last, though my wrist was damp with mingled sweat and blood. Cutting away from behind was not a precise, calculated sort of job. Quickly, I finished the work on my left, then rubbed my swollen fingers and bent over to saw at the ropes on my legs.
Then I heard the sound.
It was the grating of rusty hinges. Anyone who has lived in archaic houses all his life learns to recognize the peculiar, eery clang. Rusty hinges grating from the cellar beyond... from an iron door? A scuffling sound among the coal... the iron door is concealed by the coal-pile. Fellippo only stayed down here one night. All they found was his leg.
Jonathan Dark, babbling on his deathbed. The door locked from the other side. Tunnels to the graveyard. What lurks in graveyards, ancient and unseen, then creeps from crypts to feast?
A scream rose in my throat, but I choked it back. Regetti still snored. Whatever was going on in the outer room, I must not wake him and lose my only chance of escape. Instead, I had best hasten and free my legs. I worked feverishly, but my ears were alert for developments.
They came. The noise in the coal-pile abruptly ceased, and I went limp with relief. Perhaps rats were at work. A moment later I would have given anything to have heard the coal rattling again, if only to drown out the new noise.
There was something creeping across the cellar floor; something crawling, as if on hands and knees; something with long nails or claws that rasped and scraped. There was something croaking and chuckling as it moved through the cellar dark; something that wheezed with bestial, sickening laughter, like the death-rattle in the throat of a plague-stricken corpse.
Oh, how slyly it crept—how slowly, cautiously, and sinisterly! could hear it slinking in the shadows, and my fingers raced at their work, even while my brain grew numb. Traffic between tombs and a wizard’s house—traffic with things the old wives say can never die.
Regetti snored on.
What bides below, in caverns, that can be invoked by the proper spell—or the sight of prey?
Creep.
And then...
Regetti awoke. I heard him scream, once. He didn’t even have time to get up or draw his gun. There was a demonic scurrying across the floor, as if made by a giant rat. Then the faint sound of shredding flesh, and overall, a sudden ghoulish baying that conjured up worlds of nightmare horror in my shattered brain.
Above the howling came a series of low, almost animal moans, and agonized phrases in Italian, cries for mercy, prayers, curses. Claws make no sound as they sink into flesh, and yellow fangs are silent till they grate on bone....
My left leg was free, then my right. Now I slashed the rope around my waist. Suppose it came in here? The baying ceased, but the silence was haggard with horror.
There are some banquets without toasts...
And now, once again, moans. My spine shivered. All around me the shadows grinned, for outside was revelry as in the olden days. Revelry, and a thing that moaned, and moaned, and moaned.
Then I was loose. As the moaning died away in the darkness, I cut the final strands of rope that bound me to my chair. I did not leave at once, for there were still sounds in the other room which I did not like; sounds which caused my soul to shrivel, and my sanity to succumb before a nameless dread.
I heard that pawing and padding rustle along the floor, and after the shrieking had ceased, a worse noise took its place—a burbling noise—as if someone or something was sucking marrow from a bone. And the terrible, clicking sound; the feeding sound of gigantic teeth ...
Yes, I waited; waited until the crunching had mercifully ceased, and then waited on until the rustling slithered back into the cellar and disappeared. When I heard the brazen clang of a rusty door grate in the distance, I felt safe.
It was then that I left at last, passing through the now-deserted cellar, up the stairs, and our unguarded doors into the silver security of a moonlit night. It was very good to see the street-lights again and hear the trolleys rumble from afar. My taxi took me to the precinct station, and after I had told my story the police did the rest.
I told my story, but I did not mention the iron door against the hillside. That I saved for the ears of the Government men. Now they can do what they like about it, since I am far away. Bur I did not want anybody prying around too closely to that door while I remained in the city, because even now I cannot—dare not—say what might lurk behind it. The hillside leads to the graveyard, and the graveyard to places far beneath. And in olden days there was a curious traffic betwixt tomb and tunnel and a wizard’s house; traffic not confined to men alone...
I’m pretty positive about all this, too. Not alone from the disappearance of the Fellippo gang, or the wildly whispered tales of the foreign men; not alone from these, but from a much more concrete and ghastly proof.
It is a proof I don’t care to speak about even today—a proof that the police know, but which is fortunately deleted from newspaper accounts of the tragedy.
What men will find behind that iron door I will not venture to say, but I think I know why only Fellippo’s leg was found before. I did not look at the iron door before I left the house, but I did see something else in the cellar as I passed through to the stairs. That is why I ran frantically up the steps; that is why I went to the Government, and that is why I never want to go back to witch-haunted, age-accursed Arkham. I found proof.
Because when I went out, I saw Joe Regetti sitting in his chair by the table in the cellar. The lamp was on, and I am quite sure I saw no footprints. I’m glad of that. But I did see Joe Regetti sitting in his chair, and then I knew the meaning of the screams, and the crunching, and the padding sound.
Joe Regetti, sitting in his chair in the cellar lamplight, with his naked body chewed entirely to ribbons by gigantic and unhuman teeth!

Death Is an Elephant

Death is an elephant
Torch-eyed and horrible
Foam-flanked and terrible.
-Vachel Lindsay: The Congo.

It’s not the easiest job in the world, this being press agent for a circus. The ordinary routine is bad enough, what with temperamental stars and equally temperamental newspaper men to deal with. There are a thousand angles to every story, and a thousand tricks to play in order to get that story printed.
But the very devil of it is, the best stories are those which can never be printed: fascinating, mysterious, incredible stories set against the background of circus glamour-stories which I can never write – that’s the worst side of this business.
Of course, there’s a way out, and I’m taking it. The odd business about the animal trainer, Captain Zaroff, has already seen publication; with radical changes in the names of the principals involved.
I have an itch to see the yarns in print; there’s ink in my blood, as the boys say. Particularly when the tales are true; then there comes a time when I can no longer suppress the urge to reveal them to the world.
Such a story and such a time is here again. Hence this document, with names, dates, and slight details altered-but with a strange story, to the truth of which my eyes can testify; for I was there to see it all. I saw the horror when first it crept from its lair in the jungle hills; I saw it stalk and strike. Sometimes I wish I could forget that striking, but still I dream. I dream of an elephant with blazing eyes, and feet that are blood-red. Blood-red…But this is the tale.
In the fall of ‘36, Stellar Brothers Circus went into winter quarters and plans were begun for the following year, and a new show. The old man and I knew what we wanted and what the public always wants-novelty. But where to find that novelty? It’s the perennial question which drives the entertainment world mad. Clowns, animals, acrobats – these are the eternal backbone of the circus’s attraction; but novelty is the drawing card.
Two weeks of planning, pondering, and bickering got us no place. The question of a novel star feature remained unsettled. To add to the confusion, the old man was in bad shape physically. As a result he left the whole situation in the balance, threw up the work, and sailed for a six-weeks’ trip abroad.
Naturally, I accompanied him. I managed to see that the papers played it up in the right way; the boss was traveling to secure a mysterious foreign attraction for next year’s show-an attraction so important that he personally would handle the affair.
This sounded pretty good, but it left us in a spot. We had to come back with something that lived up to expectations, and I swear neither of us had the faintest ideas as to what it could be. It was up to Fate to deal the aces.
A Pacific crossing took us to Honolulu; thence to the Philippines. Gradually the old man’s temper improved, and my own spirits were raised. After all, we were heading for the Orient, and there’s plenty of circus material there. The best jugglers, acrobats, tumblers and freaks are found in the East, and as for animals and natural oddities, the woods are full of them.
Acting on a hunch, I cabled George Gervis in Singapore. Gervis is an animal man; a trapper and collector of circus beasts who knows the tropics like a book. I felt confident that he’d have some­thing new for us and arranged to meet him.
And that’s how we got the Sacred White Elephant of Jadhore.
Gervis explained the situation carefully that first afternoon as we sat in his hotel room. I’ve known George for a number of years, and never have I seen him so excited. He tried hard to speak casually of the matter and emphasize the fact that we had only an outside chance, but enthusiasm fairly oozed from him.
Briefly, the situation as he outlined it was this. Jadhore is one of the smaller principalities of the Malay States, under British protectorate. The natives are ruled by their own hereditary rajah; for unlike the majority of the Straits Settlements, the inhabitants are more Hindu than Moslem. They have their own priesthood, their own government-under British jurisdiction. For years it had been the custom of the English government to pay the rajah an annuity; this, in turn, maintained the dignity and splendor of his court.
At this time, however, the annuity had for some reason been discontinued, and the present rajah was in sore straits for money. If his splendor as a potentate diminished, he would lose face before the eyes of his own people and neighboring kingdoms. And this rajah, in accordance with the tenets of his faith, had a Sacred White Elephant. Now if we could tactfully broach the matter in such a way as not to offend the religious scruples of the rajah or his priests; well-there was our attraction!
It sounded like a natural to me. Evidently the old man felt the same way, because he immediately gave Gervis carte blanche in the matter and sent him off to Jadhore to negotiate the transaction.
It was nearly a week later that he returned – a very anxious and fretful week for the old man and myself, since we were fighting against time.
Gervis had not brought the Sacred Elephant with him, but he had come to terms. These he now outlined for us.
The rajah definitely refused to sell the animal. His religious principles absolutely forbade the sacrilege. After consultation with the priests, however, he offered to rent the beast to the show for one season, provided that certain stipulations be made.
The animal must not be trained nor molested in any way. It must not be decorated, nor allowed to mingle with common pachyderms. It could, however, be placed on exhibition, and take part in any parades or processionals that were a feature of the performance. Special food and quarters would have to be provided as a matter of course. In addition, the rajah himself must be allowed to travel with the show, as guarantor of the Sacred Elephant’s safety to the priests. Native attendants would be provided by the priests as well, and certain religious ceremonials must not be interfered with.
Such were the terms Gervis had agreed to. He had inspected the animal and pronounced it to be a splendid specimen of its kind – abnormally large for the Indian elephant, and quite handsome.
At the conclusion of this report the old man blew up. “Animal be damned!” he shouted. “I can’t buy it, I can’t train it, can’t use it in the regular show. Can’t even handle it myself – got to let a two-bit rajah and a gang of nigger priests feed it and burn incense in front of its trunk! What’s the use? Special quarters, too-a gold freight car, I suppose. How much did you say? Seventeen hundred a week rental and expenses? Of all the –”
Here the boss demonstrated his restored health by going off into one of the profane tirades for which he is justly famous. I waited for him to cool a bit before I stuck my oar in.
Then I quietly pointed out certain obvious facts. These terms – they sounded difficult, but really were just what we wanted. Novelty – we’d play up the restrictions ourselves. “The Sacred White Elephant of Jadhore-Accompanied by the Priests of Worshipping Millions! See the Sacred Rites of the Jungle Temples! Personally Accompanied by the Illustrious Char Dzang, Rajah of Jadhore!” And so on.
I recalled for his benefit the success of the old white elephant importation of other days, which resulted in the famous Barnum-­Forepaugh feud. Barnum’s white elephant was a great success, and Adam Forepaugh, a rival circus-owner, thereupon took an ordinary beast and whitewashed its hide. The subsequent exposure of this hoax and the resultant publicity attendant had made fortunes for both men.
I showed the old man how the religious angle would pack them in. We’d play up the sanctity, the restrictions, the priests and attendants. And imagine a circus with a real rajah! Why, this was an attraction that would sell itself – no other build-up was needed.
When I had finished I knew from the look on the old man’s face that my case was won.  “How soon can you arrange to get the animal down here?”
“Within two days,” the animal-man promptly replied.
“Get going,” said the old man, lighting a fresh cigar. Then to me, “Come on. We’re heading for the steamship office.”

True to his promise, Gervis returned on the third morning. We were already on the dock, waiting, for the boat sailed at noon. Passage had been arranged, quarters for the beast made ready; cables had been sent ahead to winter quarters. And I had just released a story that met with instant success. It was therefore with an air of pleased anticipation that we greeted the arrival of our prize and regal guests.
Nor was our first glimpse disappointing. Today, in view of the sinister aftermath of the whole affair, it seems almost incredible that we so blithely accepted our acquisitions; that we did not realize even then the curious and disturbing features of the itinerary. But that morning, as the procession came down the dock, I felt quite proudly satisfied with our work.
Two Hindus led the way – little, turbaned, bearded men, clad in robes of purple and gold. Their hands held silvered chains, because they were leading the Sacred Elephant.
The mighty beast lumbered into view – I gasped a bit, I confess.
Never had I seen an elephant like this! Fully ten feet tall was the White Elephant of Jadhore; a giant among the East Indian pachyderms. It had long, gleaming white tusks that swept outward from its massive jaws like twin sabers. Its trunk and hooves were enameled in gold, and on its back rested a howdah of hammered brass. But the color!
I had expected, from what I’d read, that a white elephant was a sort of sickly gray-skinned creature. This beast was almost silver; a leprous silver. From its oiled body glinted little shafts of scintillating light. It looked unreal, unearthly, yet magnificent.
At a word of command the beast halted and surveyed us with smoldering little eyes that rested like red rubies in a silver skull.
The occupants of the howdah dismounted and came forward, and again I was astonished. The rajah of Jadhore wore an ordinary business suit, and his face was clean-shaven in contrast to the bushy beards of the attendants. He wore a green turban that seemed utterly incongruous in comparison to the modern attire. It seemed even more incongruous when he greeted us in perfect English.
“Are we ready, gentlemen?” he inquired. “Have arrangements been made to take this-er-sacred tub aboard ship? My men want to handle it, of course; there are certain religious restrictions against crossing water, y’know.”
I stared at him, and I saw the old man’s eyebrows rise in surprise as the rajah lit a cigarette and calmly tossed the match beneath the Sacred Elephant’s gilded feet. He took charge of the situation. “It was stipulated in the agreement, gentlemen, that the beast was to have a permanent religious attendant. Allow me to present her – the High Priestess of the Temple of Ganesh.” He beckoned the figure in the background to come forward.
Out of the shadow cast by the elephant’s body stepped a girl. And for the third time that morning I uttered a low murmur of surprise. Now I understood the meaning of that beauty of which Oriental poets sing. For this woman was lovely past all understanding or describing. She was dressed in a robe of white, but the lissome curves of her perfectly molded body shone through her garments and caused all memory of them to be forgotten. He hair was ebon as the jungle night, but it was coiled like a crown above a face of such bewitching perfection as to render powerless even a press agent’s powers of portrayal.
Was it the ripe scarlet blossom of her mouth, the gem-like facets of her high bronze cheeks, the creamy marble of her sweeping brow that so blended into a blaze of indescribable beauty? Or was it her eyes-those great green jewels with tawny flecks glittering in a serpent stare? There was icy wisdom here as well as loveliness; the woman had the look of Lilith about her. Woman, girl, priestess; she was all three as she gazed at us, acknowledging all introductions in calm silence.
“Leela speaks no English,” the rajah explained.
Leela! Lilith! Green eyes, priestess of mystery. For the first time I was aware of an inner disturbance. I sensed now the reality of what we were doing; we were dabbling in sacred spheres. And I knew that this woman did not like us; that she scorned and hated this prostitution of her religion. We had made a dangerous opponent, I mused.
The truth of my surmise was soon to be horribly revealed.
In due time the elephant was hoisted aboard the ship and deposited in special quarters within the hold. The attendants and Leela accompanied the animal; the rajah joined us. At noon, we sailed from Singapore. The old man and I found the rajah a likable fellow. He was, as I suspected, educated in England; his present life frankly bored him. We found it easy to converse with him about our plans for the circus and told him how we intended to use the elephant in the procession and build quarters in the menagerie tent. I even promised that the High Priestess be a member of the Grand Entry number, riding in the howdah on the beast’s back.
Here the rajah looked grave. No, he declared, the idea was out of the question. Leela was sacred; she would never consent. Besides, she had opposed the entire venture, and the priests had upheld her. It was best not to cross her, for she had mystic powers.
“Well,” I interjected. “Surely you don’t believe all that Oriental bosh.”
For the first time the rajah of Jadhore lost his carefully-acquired British aplomb. “I do,” he said slowly. “If you were not ignorant of my people and their ways, you would also know that there are many things in my religion which you of the West cannot explain. Let me tell you, my friend, what the High-Priestess means to our faith.
“For thousands of years there has been a temple of Ganesh, the Elephant-God, in our land. The Sacred White Elephant holds His Divine Spirit, bred through generations of the animals. The White Elephant is not like others, my friends. You noticed that.
“The God of my people is more ancient than your Christian one, and master of darker forces which only the jungle peoples know and can invoke. Nature-demons and beast-men are recognized today by your scientists; but priests of my simple people have controlled strange forces before ever Christ or Buddha trod the earth. Ganesh is not a benevolent god, my friend. He has always been worshipped under many names – as Chaugnar Faugn, in the old places of Tibet; and as Lord Tsathoggua aforetime. And He is evil – that is why we treat His incarnation in the White Elephant as sacred. That is why there have always been High Priestesses in his temple; they are the holy brides and consorts of the Elephant One. And they are wise; bred from childhood in the black arts of worship, they commune with the beasts of the forest and serve to avert the wrath of the evil ones from their people.”
“You believe that?” laughed the old man.
“Yes,” said the rajah, and he was no longer smiling. “I believe. And I must warn you. This trip, as you must have heard, is against the wishes of my priesthood. Never has a Sacred Elephant crossed the great waters to another land, to be gaped at by unbelievers for a show. The priests feel that it is an insult to the Lord Ganesh. Leela was sent with the elephant by the priests for a purpose-she alone can guard it. And she hates you for what you’re doing; hates me, too. I-I don’t like to speak of what she can do. There are still human sacrifices in our temples at certain times, of which the Government knows nothing. And human sacrifices are made with a purpose – the old dark powers I spoke of can be invoked by blood. Leela has officiated at such rites, and she has learned much. I don’t want to frighten you – it’s really my fault for consenting to this – but you should be warned. Something may happen.”
The old man hastened to reassure the rajah. He was smugly certain that the man was nothing but a savage beneath his veneer of superficial culture, and he spoke accordingly.
As for me, I wondered. I thought again of Leela’s eery eyes and imagined easily enough that they could gaze on bloody sacrifice without flinching. Leela could know evil, and she could hate. I remembered the rajah’s final words, “Something may happen.”
I went out on deck, entered the hold. The elephant stood in his stall, placidly munching hay. Leela stood stolidly beside him as I inspected the animal’s chains. But I felt her eyes bore into my back when I turned away and noticed that the Hindu attendants carefully avoided me.
Other passengers had got wind of our prize, and they filed into the hold in a steady stream. As I left, a fellow named Canrobert strolled up. We chatted for several minutes, and when I went up on deck he was still standing there before the beast. I promised to meet him in the bar that evening for a chat.
At dinner a steward whispered to me the story. Canrobert had come up from the hold late in the afternoon, walked to the rail in plain view of several passengers, and jumped overboard. His body was not recovered. I took part in the investigation which followed. During the course of it we ventured down into the hold. The elephant still rood there, and Leela was still keeping watch beside him. But now she was smiling.

I never did learn about the death of a man named Phelps on the third day out. But it was a hoodoo voyage for certain, and I was glad when we disembarked at last and headed for winter quarters.
I am a practical man, but I get occasional “hunches.” That is why I avoided the rajah during the rest of our homeward journey. I lied when he approached, because I felt that he would have an explanation for the deaths of the two men-an explanation I did not care to hear. I didn’t go near Leela nor the elephant either and spent most of my time doping out the show with the old man.
It was good to see winter quarters again. A handsome stall had been built for the Sacred Elephant, and Ganesha (so we had christened the beast) was quartered therein.
No greater compliment could have been paid to my advance publicity than the attention shown the beast by our hardened circus folk. Stars and supers alike, they crowded around the stall, eyed the mighty animal, gazed at the silent bearded attendants, and stared in speechless admiration at Leela. The rajah struck up an immediate acquaintance with Captain Dence, our regular elephant-keeper.
I immediately plunged into work with the old man, because the show opened shortly. Therefore it wasn’t until several weeks later that I began to hear the disquieting rumors that floated around the lot concerning our star attraction.
The restlessness of the other elephants, for example – how, in rehearsal for the Grand Entry, they shied away from the Sacred Ganesh, and trumpeted nightly in their picket line. The strange story of how the foreign woman lived in the stall with the animal; ate and slept there in stolid silence. The way in which one of the clowns had been frightened while passing through the animal barn one evening; how he had seen the two Hindus and the girl bowing in worship before the silver beast, who stood amidst a circle of incense fires.
Even the old man mentioned a visit from the rajah and Captain Dence during which both men pleaded to break the contract and allow the animal and its attendants to return to Jadhore before the show opened. They spoke wildly of “trouble” to come. The proposal was of course rejected as being out of the question; our publicity was released, and both men were evidently under the influence of liquor at the time.
Two days later Captain Dence was found hanging from a beam behind the elephant-line. It was a case of suicide beyond question, and there was no investigation. We had a show funeral, and for a while a gloomy shadow overcast our lot. Everyone remarked about the shocking look of horror on poor Dence’s death-distorted face.
About this time I began to wake up. I determined to find out a few things for myself. The rajah was almost always intoxicated now, and he seemed to avoid me purposely; staying in town and seldom visiting the lot. I know for a fact that he never again entered the menagerie barn.
But I learned that others did. Perhaps it was morbid curiosity; but the show-folk, even after their first trips of inspection, seemed to spend much of their time around the elephant lines. Shaw, our new keeper, told me that they were continually at the stall of the Sacred Elephant. In his own opinion many of the men performers were stuck on that “pretty foreign dame.” They stared at her and at the elephant for hours on end; even the big stars came.
Corbot, the trapeze artist, was a frequent visitor. So was Jim Dolan, the acrobatic clown, and Rizzio, our equestrian director. Another was Captain Blade, our knife-thrower in the sideshow. What they found in the woman he couldn’t say, since she never spoke and they were silent.
I could make nothing of this report. But I determined to watch the beautiful High Priestess for myself. I got into the habit of sauntering through the menagerie at odd hours and glancing at the Sacred Elephant. Whatever the time of day, there was Leela, her emerald eyes burning into my back. Once or twice I saw some of the performers gazing raptly at the stall. I noticed that they came singly at all times. Also I saw something which proved the keeper’s theory to be wrong.
They were not infatuated with the woman, because they looked only at the elephant! The gigantic beast stood like some silver statue; impassive, inscrutable. Only its glistening oiled trunk moved to and fro; that, and its fiery eyes. It seemed to stare mockingly in return, as though contemptuous of attentions from the puny creatures before it.
Once, when the place was deserted, I saw Leela caressing its great body. She was whispering to it in some low and outlandish tongue, but her voice was ineffably sweet and her hands infinitely tender. I was struck by a curious and somewhat weird thought-this woman was acting toward the beast as a woman in love acts toward her lover! I remembered how the rajah spoke of her as the bride of Ganesh and winced. When the animal’s serpentine trunk embraced the lovely girl she purred in almost blissful satisfaction, and for the first time I heard the beast rumble in its massive throat. I left, quickly so as to be unobserved.
Opening day loomed, and once again I was forced to turn my mind to other things. The cars were loaded for Savannah; the dress rehearsal was performed; I sent the advance men on the night before we left, and the regular routine got under way.
The old man was pleased with the show, and I must admit that it was the best we’d ever turned out. Corbot, the trapeze artist, was a good drawing card; we got him from the big show through sheer good fortune. Jim Dolan, the chief clown, was always a draw. We had some fine animal acts, and many novelty features as well. And the Sacred Elephant of Jadhore was bidding fair to become a household name before the public had ever seen it.
We had a private car for the animal and its three attendants; the two Hindus smiled happily when they saw it, and even Leela was slightly taken aback with its splendor. On our arrival under canvas the beast was installed in a superb new station atop a platform in the center, and with its hide newly oiled and decorated it looked superb.
The menagerie crowd on the opening day was highly impressed. They stared at the impassive Hindus and positively gaped at Leela in her white ceremonial gown. The rajah they did not see – he was shaking drunk in his own quarters, behind locked doors.
I didn’t even have time to think of the superstitious coward. I’m like a kid when a new show opens each year, and the old man is no different. We sat in our box and positively beamed with joyous excitement as the trumpet blasts announced the Grand Entry.
Our procession was Oriental-Arabian riders, Egyptian seers on camels, harem beauties on elephants, califs and sultans in jeweled litters. At the very last came the Sacred White Elephant of Jadhore; the mightiest of them all. The great silver beast moved with a sort of monstrous beauty; in regal dignity Ganesha padded on to the beat of thundering drums. The two Hindus led the way, but Leela was not present. The great spotlight followed every step; so did the eyes of the crowd. I can’t explain it, but there was something about the animal which “clicked.” It had beauty – and that unearthly majesty I had noticed. It was the Sacred Elephant indeed.
The procession vanished. The show was on. Sleek black ponies galloped into the rings, and whips cracked in merry rhythm with their hooves. The music altered its tempo; the clowns strutted in to do the first of their walk-arounds. Applause, laughter, and the ever-beating rhythm of the band. Excitement, as the jugglers vied with a troupe of seals in dexterous competition.
The star acts were coming up, and I nudged the old man to attract his special attention. With a flurry of drums the big spot in the center ring blazed forth as the other lights dimmed. Alonzo Corbot, the trapeze star, raced in. His white body bounded across the ring to the ropes beneath the main pole where his partner waited.
The snare-drums snarled as the two performers mounted up – up-up-sixty feet in the air to the platform and the trapeze rings.
Out they swung now, silver bodies on silver rings; out into the cold clear light that bathed the utter emptiness of the tent-top. Swing-swoop-soar; rhythmically rise, unfalteringly fall. Tempo in every movement of the clutching hands; timing even in the feet that danced on empty air.
Corbot was a marvel; I’d seen him work in rehearsal many times and was never tired of watching the perfection of motion he displayed. He trained rigorously, I knew; and he never slipped. He caught his partner by the hand, the wrist, the elbow, the shoulder, the neck, the ankle. Feet suspended from the rings, he shot to and fro like a human pendulum while his partner somersaulted through space into his waiting hands. At precisely the exact fraction of a second they met in midair; an error in timing meant certain death. There were no nets – that was Corbot’s boast.
I watched, the old man watched, the audience watched, as two men fluttered like tiny birds so far above. Birds? They were demons with invisible wings now in the red light that flashed on for the climax of the act. Now came the time when Corbot and his partner would both leave the rings, leap out into that dizzying space and turn a complete somersault in midair, then grasp the rings on the opposite side of their present position.
The drums went mad. The red light glared on that little hell of high space where two men waited, their nerves and muscles tense. I could almost feel it myself-that moment of dread expectancy. My eyes strained through the crimson haze, seeking Corbot’s face so far above. He would be smiling now; he was preparing to leap…
Drums, cymbals crashed. The waiting figures sprang. Corbot’s arms were ready to grasp his partner in whirling space – or were they? Good God, no – they were stiff at his side!
There was a streaking blur crossing that empty scarlet expanse of light, and then it was gone. Something struck the center ring with a heavy thud. Somebody screamed, the band blared a desperate march, and the lights went up. I saw that Corbot’s partner Victoire had saved himself by catching a ring just in time, but my eyes did not linger above. They centered themselves on the ground; on the center ring where something lay in a pool of crimson that came from no light.
Then the old man and I were out of our box and running across the tent with attendants at our side. And we stared for a sickening second at that boneless pulpy red thing that had once been Alonzo Corbot the trapeze star. They took him away; fresh sawdust covered the spot where he had fallen, and the band, the lights, the music covered the audience’s panic until their fears were forgotten. The clowns were out again as the old man and I left, and the crowd was laughing – a bit weakly, perhaps, but laughing, nevertheless.
Corbot’s hail and farewell was typical; the show went on.
Victoire, the partner, staggered in as we gathered by the body in the dressing-room. Pale, limp, badly shaken, he wept convulsively when he saw – it – lying there. “I knew it!” he gasped. “When he stood on the other platform just before he leaped, I saw his eyes. They were dead and far away. Dead…No, I don’t know how it happened. Of course he was all right before the show. I hadn’t seen him much lately; between rehearsals he spent a lot of time some place…His eyes were dead…”
We never learned anything more from Victoire. The boss and I hurried through the menagerie to the main office. As we passed the big platform where the Sacred Elephant was quartered, I noticed with a shock that it was empty of attendants. Something brushed against me in the dark as I hurried on. It was Leela, the High-Priestess, and she was smiling. I had never seen her smile before.
That night I dreamed of Leela’s smile, and Corbot’s redly ruined face.

There’s only a little more to tell. For that I’m thankful, because the rest is even now a nightmare I would rather forget. We learned nothing of Corbot’s death from anyone. It created a flurry, of course, and the performers’ nerves were shattered. After all, an opening-day tragedy like that is disquieting.
The old man raved, but there was nothing to do. The show went on; the morbid public swarmed in that second day – despite my efforts publicity was released. Nor was the morbid public disappointed. On the second night, our fourth show – Jim Dolan died.
Jim was our acrobatic clown, and a star in his own right. He’d been with us twelve seasons, always doing his regular routine of juggling and pantomime. We all knew Jim and liked him as a friend. He was a great kidder; nothing of the Pagliacci about Dolan. But on that second evening he stopped for a moment in his routine before the center ring, put down his juggling-clubs, pulled out a razor, and calmly slit his throat.
How we got through that night is still a mystery to me. “Jinx” and “hoodoo” were the only two words I heard. The show went on, the boss raved, and the police quietly investigated.
The following afternoon Rizzio, our equestrian director, walked into the line of the bareback routine, and a horse’s hoof broke his spine. I’ll never forget that twilight session after the show, in the old man’s tent. Neither of us had slept for two days; we were sick with fear and nameless apprehension. I’ve never believed in “curses,” but I did then. And so I looked at the official reports and the headlines in the papers, glanced at the old man’s gray face, and buried my own in my arms. There was a curse on the show.
Death! I’d walked with it for weeks now. Those two chaps on the boat, then Captain Dence, the elephant man, then Corbot, Dolan, Rizzio. Death-ever since we had taken the Sacred White – 
The rajah’s words! His story about curses and strange rites; the vengeance of the god and his priests! The Priestess Leela, who smiled now! Hadn’t I heard stories about the performers visiting the elephant’s stall?-why, all three of the men who died here in the how had done that! The rajah knew – and I had thought him a drunken coward. I sent a man off to find him. The old man, utterly collapsed, slept. I spent an anxious hour waiting. 
The rajah entered. A glance at my face told him the story. “You know now?” he said. “I thought you would never come to your senses. I could do nothing without your belief, for she knows I understand, and she hates me. I have tried very hard to forget; but now men die and this thing must be stopped. Ganesh may send me to a thousand hells for this, but it is better so. It is magic, my friend.”
“How do you know?” I whispered.
“I know.” He smiled wearily, but there was black despair in his eyes. “I watched from the beginning. She is cunning, that Leela, so very cunning. And she knows arts.”
“What arts?”
“You of the West call it hypnotism. It is more than that. It is transference of will. Leela is an adept; she can do it easily with the elephant as medium.”
I tried vainly to understand. Was the rajah crazed? No-his eyes burned not with derangement but with bitter hatred.
“Post-hypnotic suggestion,” he breathed. “When the fools came to watch the Sacred Elephant, she was always there. Her eyes did it; and when they watched the gleaming trunk of the beast it acted as a focal point. They came back again and again, not knowing why. And all the while she was willing them to act; not then, but later. That is how the two men died on the boat. She experimented there, told them to drown themselves. One went immediately, the other waited several days. All that was needed was for them to see her once at the time she willed for them to die. Thus it was. And here, in the menagerie, it has been the same way. They stare at the silver elephant. She willed them to die during the performance. At the proper time she stood in the entranceway; I have seen her there. And the men died – you saw that.
“She hates the show and will ruin it. To her the worship of Ganesh is sacred, and she is wreaking vengeance. The old priests that sent her must have instructed this, and there must be an end. That is why I dare not face her.”
“What’s to be done?” I found myself asking. “If your story is true, we can’t touch her. And we can’t give up the show.”
“I will stop her,” said the rajah slowly. “I must.”
Suddenly, he was gone. And I realized with a start that the show was almost ready to begin. Quickly I roused the old man from his slumber. Then I dashed out. Collaring a roustabout, I ordered him to find the rajah at once. There would be a showdown tonight; there must be.
I had two guards with guns secretly posted at the side entrance to the tent, where the performers came in. They had orders to stop anyone who loitered there during the show. There must be no Leela watching and commanding that night.
I dared not incarcerate her at once for fear of a row while the show was on. The woman was evidently capable of anything, and she must not suspect. Still, I wanted to see her for myself. A half hour before the menagerie opened I hurried in. The elephant’s stall was again untended!
I ran around to the side entrance. There was no one there. Out on the midway I raced, mingling with the crowd. Then it was that I noticed the excited throng before the side show. Elbowing through, I came upon two men and the barker as they emerged from the tent carrying a limp form in their arms. It was the girl assistant of Captain Blade, the knife-thrower. He had missed.
Leela passed me in the crowd, smiling. Her face was beautiful as Death.
When I rushed back to the boss tent, I found the roustabout and the rajah. The latter was trembling in every limb. Hastily I collared the potentate and dragged him through the crowd toward the main tent. “I believe you now,” I whispered. “But you’re not going to do anything rash. Give me your knife.”
I’d guessed correctly. He slipped a dirk out of his sleeve and passed it to me unobserved. “No more bloodshed,” I muttered. “I have two men at the side entrance. She’ll not watch this show and cast any spells. When the performance is over, I’ll have her behind bars on your testimony. But no disturbance before the crowd.”
I shouldered my way into my regular box and he followed after me.
The big tent was crowded. There was an air of grim waiting, as if the spectators were expecting something. I knew what they expected; hadn’t the papers been full of “the Hoodoo Circus” for the past three days? There was a low murmur as of massed whispering voices. I thought of a Roman amphitheater and shuddered.
The big drums rolled. The parade swept into view, and I cast an anxious glance at the side entrance when it cleared. There were my two guards, armed with efficient-looking guns. No trouble tonight! And the rajah was safe, with me.
The Sacred Elephant swept into view; serene, majestic, lumbering gigantically on ivory hoofs. There was only one Hindu leading him tonight and the howdah was on his back!
In it sat Leela, the High Priestess of Ganesh.
“She knows,” breathed the rajah, his brown face suddenly animal-like with convulsed terror.
Leela was smiling…Then horror came.
The lights flickered, failed, blinked out. The vast tent plunged into nighted darkness and the band ceased. There was a rising wail of sound, and I rose in my seat with a scream on my lips. There in the darkness glowed the silver elephant-the Sacred White Elephant of Jadhore. Like a leprous monster, its body gleamed with phosphorescent fire. And in the darkness I saw Leela’s eyes.
The elephant had turned now and left the parade. As shrieks rose in a thousand throats it thundered forward – straight for our box. The rajah broke from my grasp and vaulted over the railing to the ground. My hand flew to my pocket and I cursed in dismay. The knife he had given me was gone. Then my eyes returned to the hideous tableau before me.
The elephant charged with lifted trunk, tusks glistening before it. There was a shrill trumpeting from its silver throat as it bore down on the slight figure of the man who raced toward it. He ran to death, but his head was high. He was seeking that black figure in the howdah on the beast’s back.
In a moment everything was over. A gleaming arc in the air as something long and thin and silver whizzed up to the elephant’s back. A woman’s shrill scream and gurgling sob. A mighty bellowing of brutish, berserk rage. A thud of massive feet as the silver giant trampled on. The crunching…the screams, the shots, and the great shock as the great body turned and fell.
And then the audience rose and fled. When the lights went on once more, there was nobody in the tent but the performers and the roustabouts.
In the center of the areaway lay the gigantic Ganesh, silver sides streaked with scarlet in death. The crumpled howdah held all that remained of Leela the High Priestess. The rajah’s knife had struck home, and her torn throat was not a pretty sight. As for the rajah himself, there was only a slashed red horror dangling on the end of those ivory tusks; a mashed and pulpy thing.
Thus ended the affair of the Sacred White Elephant. The police accepted our story of the animal’s running amok during the show when the lights failed. They never learned of the Hindu who had so horribly short-circuited the connection with his own body, and we buried his seared remains in secret.
The show closed for two weeks and we re-routed it for the rest of the year. Gradually, the papers let the story die and we went on. I never told the truth to the old man. They’re all dead anyway, and I’d like to forget it myself. But I have never liked novelty acts since, nor visited the Orient; because I know the rajah’s story was true, and Leela had killed those performers as he had explained it. Those priests and priestesses have secret powers, I am convinced.
I’ve figured it all out – Leela found out that the rajah had told me the facts; knew she’d be exposed and acted accordingly. She sent the Hindu to fix the lights, then arranged to have Ganesh the elephant charge our box and kill the rajah as she’d planned.
I have it all figured out, but I’d never tell the old man. There’s one other fact I know which I must not reveal. The rajah’s knife did not kill Leela as she rode on the elephant’s back. It could not, because she was already dead; dead before she entered the tent.
One of the two guards I stationed had shot her two minutes before at the side entrance as she rode past in the howdah of Ganesh, the Sacred White Elephant. It seems that she must have hypnotized the beast, too – or did she? The Soul of Ganesh inhabits the body of the Sacred Elephant, the rajah said. And Ganesh wreaks a vengeance of his own.


The Sorcerer’s Jewel

By rights, I should not be telling this story. David is the one to tell it, but then, David is dead. Or is he?
That’s the thought that haunts me, the dreadful possibility that in some way David Niles is still alive-in some unnatural, unimaginable way alive. That is why I shall tell the story; unburden myself of the onerous weight which is slowly crushing my mind.
But David Niles could do it properly. Niles was a photographer; he could give the technical terms, perhaps explain coherently many things that I do not pretend to understand. I can only guess, or hint.
Niles and I shared a studio together for several years. It was a true partnership-we were both friends and business associates. This was peculiar in itself, for we were dissimilar types, and with widely divergent interests. We differed in almost every particular.
I am tall, thin, and dark. Niles was short, plump, and fair. I am naturally lazy, moody, inclined towards introspection. Niles was always tense with energy, high-spirited, volatile. My chief interests, in latter years, have leaned towards metaphysics and a study of occultism. Niles was a skeptic, a materialist, and above all, a scientist. Still, together we formed an integrated personality – I , the dreamer; Niles, the doer.
Our mutual business association, as I have already intimated, lay in the field of photography. David Niles was one of the most brilliant personalities in the domain of modern portrait photography. For several years prior to our association he had done salon work, exhibiting internationally and creating a reputation which brought him a considerable income from private sittings.
At the time of our meeting he had become dissatisfied with commercial work. Photography, he argued, was an art; an art best nourished by serious, solitary study unimpeded by the demands of catering to customers. He therefore determined to retire for a year or so and devote himself to experiment.
I was the partner he chose for the work. He had lately become a devotee of the William Mortensen school of photography. Mortensen, of course, is the leading exponent of fantasy in photography; his studies of monstrosities and grotesques are widely known. Niles believed that in fantasy, photography most closely approximated true art. The idea of picturing the abstract fascinated him; the thought that a modern camera could photograph dream worlds and blend fancy with reality seemed intriguing. That’s where I came in.
Niles knew of my interest in the occult, knew that I had made a study of mythology. I was to serve as technical adviser on his subject matter. The arrangement pleased us both.
At first Niles limited himself to studies in physiognomy. With his usual thoroughness, he mastered the technique of photographic makeup and hired models whose features lent themselves to the application of gargoyleish disguises. I handled the matter of checking over reference works, finding illustrations in old books of legends to use in devising suitable makeup.
Niles did a study of Pan, one of a satyr, and a Medusa. He became interested in demons, and we spent some time on his Gallery of Fiends series; Asmodeus, Azaziel, Samael, and Beelzebub. They were surprisingly good.
But for some reason or other, Niles was not satisfied. The quality of the photographs was excellent, the posing effective, the characterization superb. And still Niles did not feel that he was achieving his goal. “Human figures,” he stormed. “Human faces are, after all, only human faces, no matter how much you cover them up with greasepaint and putty. What I want is the soul of Fantasy, not the outward aping.”
He strode up and down the studio, gesticulating in his feverish manner. “What have we got?” he demanded. “A lot of stupid horror-movie faces. Amateur Karloffs. Kid stuff. No, we must find something else.”
So the next phase was modelling clay. I was handy here, for I had a rudimentary knowledge of sculpture. We spent hours on composing scenes from an imaginary Inferno; constructing bat-winged figures that flew against bizarre, other-worldly backgrounds of fire, and great malignant demons that squatted and brooded on jagged peaks overlooking the Fiery Pit.
But here, too, Niles could not find what he was looking for.
One night he exploded again, after finishing a set. With a sweep of his arm, he smashed the papier mâché set and its clay figures to the floor. “Hokum,” he muttered. “Peep-show, penny-dreadful stuff.”
I sighed, getting set to listen patiently to a further tirade.
“I don’t want to be the Gustave Dore of photography, or the Sime, or even the Artzybasheff,” he said. “I don’t want to copy any style. What I’m after is something original, something I can claim as absolutely individual.”
I shrugged. Wisdom had taught me to keep my mouth shut and let Niles talk himself out.
“I’ve been on the wrong track,” he declared. “If I photograph things as they are, that’s all I’m going to get. I build a clay set, and by Heaven, when I photograph it, all I can get is a picture of that clay set – a flat, two-dimensional thing at that. I take a portrait of a man in makeup and my result is a photo of a man in makeup. I can’t hope to catch something with the camera that isn’t there. The answer is: change the camera. Let the instrument do the work.”
I saw his argument and conceded its validity.
The following few weeks Niles’ existence was a frenzy of experimental activity. He began to take montage shots. Then he worked with odd papers, odder exposures. He even reverted to the Mortensen principles and employed distortion-bending and twisting the negative so that prints showed elongated or flattened figures in nightmarish fashion.
An ordinary man’s forehead, under these methods, would register as being hydrocephalic; his eyes might appear as bulging beacons illumined by insane lights. The perspective of nightmare, the nuances of neurodynia, the hallucinatory images of the demented were reproduced by distortion. Pictures were shadowed, shaded; portions blocked our or moulded into weird backgrounds.
And then came a night when Niles again paced the floor, tracing a restless path through piles of torn-up prints. “I’m not getting it,” he murmured. “I can take a natural subject. and distort it, but I can’t actually change its content. In order to photograph the unreal, I must see the unreal. See the unreal – Good Lord, why didn’t I think of that before?”
He stood before me, his hands twitching. “I studied painting once, you know. My instructor – old Gifford, the portrait man – hung a certain picture in his studio. It was the old boy’s masterpiece. The painting was of a winter scene, in oils, a winter scene of a farmhouse.
“Now here’s the point. Gifford had two pairs of spectacles: one sensitive to infrared, the other to ultraviolet rays. He’d show a guest the winter scene, then ask him to try on the first pair of spectacles and look again. Through the glasses the picture showed the same farm-house on a summer day. The second pair of lenses gave a view of the farmhouse in autumn. He had painted three layers, and the proper lenses each showed a different picture.
“So what?” I ventured.
Niles talked faster, his excitement increasing. “So this. Remember the war? The Germans used to camouflage machine gun nests and field batteries. They did it quite elaborately; painting the guns with leafy hues and using artificial plant formations to cover them up. Well American observation posts employed ultraviolet lenses in field glasses to spot the camouflaging. Through the glasses the natural leaves showed up in entirely different colors in comparison to the artificially painted ones, which lacked ultra-violet pigment.”
“I still don’t see the point.”
“Use ultraviolet and infrared lenses in photography and we’ll get the same effect,” he almost shouted.
“But isn’t that just an extension of the ordinary color-filter principle?” I asked.
“Perhaps. But we can combine them with reground lenses of various types-lenses that will distort perspective in themselves. So far we’ve merely distorted form, shape. But with both color and form distorted, we can achieve the type of photography I’m striving for – fantasy, pure and simple. We’ll focus on fantasy and reproduce it without tampering with any objects. Can you imagine what this room will look like with its colors reversed, some of them absent completely; with the furniture shapes altered, the very walls distorted?”
I couldn’t, but I was soon privileged to actually see it. Niles at once began another cycle; he experimented endlessly with the new lenses he brought in daily. He sent out special orders for grinding, spent time studying the physical laws of light, enmeshed himself in technicalities I cannot pretend to comprehend. The results were startling.
The outré views he had promised me materialized. After a final day of effort before the camera and in the dark-room, we gazed together on a wonderful new world created right here in our own studio. I marveled at some of the effects Niles had created. “Splendid,” he gloated. “It all seems to tie in with the accepted scientific theories, too. Know what I mean? The Einsteinian notions of coexistence; the space-time continuum ideas.”
“The Fourth Dimension?” I echoed.
“Exactly. New worlds all around us-within us. Worlds we never dream of exist simultaneously with our own; right here in this spot there are other existences. Other furniture, other people, perhaps. And other physical laws. New forms, new color.”
“That sounds metaphysical to me, rather than scientific,” I observed. “You’re speaking of the Astral Plane – the continuous linkage of existence.” We were back again at our perpetual squabbling point – science or occultism, physical versus psychical reality. “The Fourth Dimension is Science’s way of interpreting the metaphysical truths of existence,” I maintained.
“The metaphysical truths of existence are the psychological lies of dementia praecox victims,” he asserted.
“Your pictures don’t lie,” I answered.
“My pictures are taken by recognized scientific means,” he said.
“Your pictures are taken by means older than science,” I replied. “Ever hear of lithomancy? Divination by the use of jewels. Ever hear of crystal-gazing? For ages, men have peered into the depths of precious stones, gazed through polished, specially cut and ground glasses, and seen new worlds.”
“Absurd. Any optometrist can tell you that –”
“You don’t have to finish that one,” I cut in. “Any optometrist will tell you that we really see everything upside down. Our minds alone interpret the retinal image as being right-side up. Any oculist will tell you that muscularly, a nearsighted person is really far-sighted, and a farsighted person is really nearsighted.” I warmed to my theme. “Any optometrist will tell you that the hand is quicker than the eye; that mirages and hallucinations are actually ‘seen’ by the brain, rather than by the actual retina. In fact, any oculist will tell you that the phenomenon of sight has very little to do with either actual perception or the true laws of light.
“Look at the cat – contrary to popular impression a nyctalops. Yet men can train themselves similarly. Reading, too, is a matter of the mind rather than of minute perception. And so I say to you, don’t be too sure of your laws of optics, and your scientific theories of light. We see a lot no physical laws will ever explain. The Fourth Dimension can be approached only through angles-science must concede that in theorization. And your lenses are cut similarly. It all goes back to occultism in the end – occultism, not optometry or ophthalmology.”
It was a long speech for me, and it must have astonished Niles, who glowered at me, speechless for once.
“I’ll prove it,” I went on. “Let me cut you a lens.”
“What?”
“I’ll go down to a friend of mine and borrow a few stones from him. There are some Egyptian crystals there which were used by the seers for divination. They claimed that they could see other worlds through the angles of the jewels. And I’m willing to bet you that you’ll get pictures through them that will make you forget experiments with Iceland spar and quartz and all the rest; pictures you and your scientific ideas won’t so readily explain.”
“All right. I’ll call you on that,” Niles snapped. “Bring me the stones.”

So the next day I went down to Isaac Voorden’s. I went with misgivings. The truth was that I had been half bragging when I had spoken about the properties of jewels and glasses. I knew that such things were much used for prophecy and various forms of lithomancy, but as to whether I could procure one, and whether it could be ground into a camera lens, I was not at all certain.
Still, I spoke to Isaac Voorden. He was the logical person to go to. His antique shop down on South Kinnikinic, pervaded by an aura of mysticism, was a little fortress that preserved the past. Isaac Voorden made a profession of his hobby and a hobby of his profession; he lived on metaphysics and dabbled in antiques. He spent the greater portion of his time in the musty back rooms of his establishment and left the care of his shop to a clerk.
Here in the rear of the place he had relics of other days which made his commercial antiques seem bright and new by contrast. The centuries-old symbols of magic, alchemy, and the secret sciences fascinated Voorden; he had gathered unto himself a collection of statuettes, talismans, fetishes and other paraphernalia of wizardry that would have been hard to match.
It was from Isaac, then, that I expected help in my quest, and he gave it to me. I told my story of Niles’ photographic problems. The sallow-faced, thin-lipped little antique-dealer listened, his eyebrows crawling over his forehead like astonished black beetles.
“Very interesting,” he said, when I had concluded. His rasping voice and preoccupied manner betokened the introverted pedant-Isaac always seemed to be delivering a lecture to himself.
“Very, very interesting,” he repeated. “David Niles has had illustrious predecessors. The priests of Ishtar sought in their Mysteries to peer beyond the veil, and they looked through crystals. The first crude telescopes of Egypt were fashioned by men who sought to use them in seeing beyond the stars and unlocking the gates of the Infinite. The Druids contemplated pools of water, and the mad emperors sought the Heavenly Stairway in China, hoping to ascend by gazing at turning rubies while under the influence of drugs.
“Yes, your friend Niles has an age-old wish, and expresses it in a timeless fashion. It is the wish that animated Apollonius, and Paracelsus, and the absurd, posturing Cagliostro. Men have always sought to see the Infinite; to walk between the worlds-and sometimes that wish has been granted.”
I cut in. Voorden was wound up for the afternoon, but I wanted my information. “They say there are jewels that hold peculiar visions,” I murmured. Unconsciously, I adopted Voorden’s pomposity of speech. He smiled, slowly.
“I have them here,” he replied.
“Niles does not believe that,” I countered.
“Many do not believe. But there is a stone once used by Friar Bacon, and a set of crystals which intrigued Theophrastus, and divining-jewels that the Aztecs peered through before the blood-sacrifice. Jewels, you know, are mathematical figures of light-they reflect within their facets. And who knows but that in some way those angles impinge on other worlds? Perhaps they reach out and transmute poly-angularity so that gazing into their depths, we become aware of it three-dimensionally. The ancients used angles in magic; the moderns do the same thing and call it mathematics. De Sitter says –”
“The jewel for the camera lens,” I interrupted.
“I am sorry, my friend. Of course. I think I have one that should prove eminently suitable. The Star of Sekhmet. Very ancient, but not costly. Stolen from the crown of the Lioness-headed Goddess during a Roman invasion of Egypt. It was carried to Rome and placed in the vestal girdle of the High Priestess of Diana. The barbarians took it, cut the jewel into a round stone. The black centuries swallowed it.
“But it is known that Axenos the Elder bathed it in the red, yellow and blue flames, and sought to employ it as a Philosopher’s Stone. With it he was reputed to have seen beyond the Veil and commanded the Gnomes, the Sylphs, the Salamanders, and the Undines. It formed part of the collection of Gilles De Rais, and he was said to have visioned within its depths the concept of Homunculus. It disappeared again, but a monograph I have mentions it as forming part of the secret collection of the Count St. Germain during his ritual services in Paris. I bought it in Amsterdam from a Russian priest whose eyes had been burned out by little gray brother Rasputin. He claimed to have divined with it and foretold –”
I broke in again at this point. “You will cut the stone so that it may be used as a photographic lens, then,” I repeated. “And when shall I have it?”
“You young men have no love for quiet conversation,” he rebuked me. “Tomorrow, if you like. You understand, the jewel has only a great sentimental value to me; I have never experimented with it personally. All that I ask is that you report to me your findings with it. And I counsel you that if the camera reveals what I think it will, you promise to take care in using it. There is danger in invading the realms –”
He was still chattering away as I bowed out. Great character, Isaac.

 The following afternoon I called and took the little package which he proffered me. That evening I gave it to Niles.
Together we unwrapped the cloudy lens. I had given Voorden the specifications of the large camera we ordinarily employed in our later work – a reflex, with a reflecting mirror set inside so that we could easily peer through and view the focus. Voorden had done his work amazingly well-Niles gave a little snort of astonishment before he commented, “Nice job.”
He lost no time in changing the lenses and inserting the Star of Sekhmet. He bent over the camera – I shall never forget the sight of him there – and his plump body loomed large against the shadowed walls of the studio. I thought of a stooping alchemist peering into a crystal to seek instructions from the demons that danced within.
Niles jerked erect with a grunt. “The devil!” he muttered. “It’s all cloudy. Can’t make any adjustment. The whole thing’s a fake.”
“Let me try.”
I took my place and stared through a gray mass. Yes, it was merely a dull lens. Or was it?
A hint of movement in the cloudy gray. A swirling as of parted mists. A dancing light. The fog was dispersing, and it seemed to be opening up – opening to a view that receded far into the distance. The wall it was focused on appeared faintly, very tiny, as though through the reverse end of binoculars. The wall began to fade, so that I thought of a ghost room, with ectoplasmic lines. Then it fled away, and something new loomed large before the camera. Something grew out of empty space. Abruptly – focus!
I think I shouted. Certainly a scream seared across my brain.
Because I saw Hell.
At first only angles and angles, weaving and shifting in light that was of no color, yet phosphorescent. And out of the angles, a flat black plain that stretched upward, endlessly, without horizon. It was moving, and the angles moved, and yet through the lurching roll as of a ship’s deck in heavy seas, I saw cubes, triangles, mathematical figures of bewildering size and complexity. There were thousands of them, lines of light in the shape of polyhedrons. And as I gazed, they changed.
Changed into forms.
Those forms – they were spawned only in delirium, only in nightmares and dreams of the Pit. There were grinning demons that skulked on padding claws across that endless moving plain; there were shapeless toadstools with tentacles ending in Cyclopean eyes; there were fanged heads that rolled towards me, laughing; great hands that curled and crawled like mad spiders. Ghouls, monsters, fiends-the words sprang to my consciousness. And a moment ago they had been mathematical figures!
“Here,” I gasped. “Look again, Niles.”
He gazed, his face reflecting puzzlement at my agitation. “Still nothing,” he grumbled. But watching him I saw the pallor come into his face as he stared more intently. “Yes!” he hissed. “The mist is parting. Yes! The room is smaller, fading. And now – something is rushing up or I’m rushing toward it – angles of light.”
“Wait,” I said in a low voice, yet triumphantly. “You haven’t seen anything yet.”
“I see geometrical shapes. Cubic shapes. Polyhedrons of luminance. They cover a plain and – Good God!”
His body shook over the camera. “I see them!” he cried. “I see them. Dozens of tall, eyeless creatures with heads all hair. Knotted hair, it twists and weaves, and underneath the hair, little wrinkled pink-pulp mouths like the convolution slits of the human brain. And that – the Goat with the Hands!” He made an indescribable sound, fell back shaking, and turned the adjusting device. His eyes were red, he looked as though he had awakened from a fever-sleep.
We each had a drink. We didn’t trouble about glasses; we drank from the bottle. “Well?” I said, when composure had been restored.
“Hallucination,” he hazarded, somewhat weakly.
“Want to look again?” I countered. He gave me a wry smile. “It can’t be delusion,” I went on. “I didn’t see any goat, but we both saw the mists swirl, saw the same plane, the same geometric forms of living light.”
“True. But the last – things – were different to each of us. I don’t understand.”
“I think I do,” I said. “If Voorden is right. That jewel is a key. Its angles open to the Astral Plane. The Astral Plane – here, don’t shake your head so – corresponds to the scientific conception of the Fourth Dimension, although metaphysicians believe it is an extension of third-dimensional life. That is, when men die their souls enter the Astral Plane and pass through it into another higher form of existence on a higher dimension. The Astral Plane is a sort of No Man’s Land existing all about us, where lost souls, and lower entities that have never achieved life, wander forever in a sort of Limbo.”
“Hooey.”
“A modern criticism. But it’s an ancient belief, mirrored in a thousand forms in scores of religions. And wait until you see what I’m getting at. Ever hear of Elementals?”
“Nothing but a few mentions. Ghosts, aren’t they?”
“No – forces. Entities not human but linked with humanity. They are the demons and familiars and the incubi and the genie of all religions; the beings that exist invisibly around us and seek traffic with men. Organisms outside three-dimensional life, if you want it in more scientific terminology. They inhabit another time-field, another space continuum that is nevertheless synchronized and co-existent with our own. They can be viewed, or reached, as ultra-dimensional inhabitants, only through angles. The angles, the facets of this jewel, enabled us to see through to them. They establish a focal point with infinity. What we saw, then, are Elementals.”
“All right, swami, but why did we see different creatures?” he persisted.
“Because, my dear fellow, we have different brains. At first we both saw geometrical figures. That is the purest form of life they exist in.
“But our minds interpreted these figures into familiar shapes. I saw one type of monstrosity because of my background of mythological study. You received another impression – and I gather from your little comments (you look smug enough now, friend, but you were bleating pretty loudly a while ago and I know you were genuinely impressed) that you drew your images from past dreams and nightmares. I should imagine that a Hungarian peasant, peering through the lens, would see vampires and werewolves.
“It’s psychological. In some way that jewel establishes a focal point in more than a visual way. It must also enable those creatures to become aware of us-and they will that we see them according to our mental concepts of such entitles. In fact, that’s how superstition probably originated; these beings at times communicated with men.”
Niles made a gesture of impatience. “Dropping the psychological and the nut-house angle for a minute,” he said, “I certainly must hand it to your friend Voorden. Whether his story about the jewel is hokum or not, and whether your rather naive explanation is accepted or disbelieved, I still can see that we’ve stumbled on something quite marvelous. I mean it. The pictures we can take with that camera will be unique in the field. I’ve never read of any experimental work that even approached this. It goes beyond the wildest Dadaistic or Surrealistic concepts. We’ll get actual photographs – but of what, I’ll be darned if I can foretell. Your so-called mental concepts were different from mine.”
I shook my head as something Voorden had said came back to me. “Now look here, Niles. I know you don’t believe me, but you believe what you saw in the lens. I saw you shudder; you must admit the horror of those creatures – whether you choose to think they originate in your imagination or in my theory of the Astral Plane, you must recognize the fact that they are a menace to any man’s sanity.
“If you see too much of that sort of thing you’ll go mad. I’m not being melodramatic. I wouldn’t advise looking too closely into that lens, now, or spending too much time before it.”
“Don’t be silly,” Niles said.
“Elementals,” I persisted, “and you must believe this-yearn for life. They are cosmic ghouls, feeding on dead soul-bodies; but they long to lure a living man through the planes to them. Consider all legend – it’s merely allegory. Stories of men disappearing, selling their souls to the devil, going to foreign worlds; all are founded on the idea of Elementals seeking human prey and dragging men down to their plane.”
“Cut it out, it annoys me.” Niles was colloquially common in his speech, but his eyes betokened a slight credulity that grew as I ignored his skepticism.
“You say it’s superstition,” I went on. “I say it’s science. Witches, wizards, so-called wonder-workers; the wise men whose secrets built the pyramids-they all employed spells in which they used what? Geometrical figures. they drew angles and pentagons and cabalistic circles. Through the lines they summoned the forces from the Astral Planes – or the outer Dimensions. These forces granted them boons, and in turn they finally were drawn along the angles themselves into the Astral Plane, to pay for the boon with their lives. Witchcraft and geometry are strange bedfellows, but it’s historical fact.
“And so I warn you. You see creatures through the jewel lens, and they see, feel, are in some way aware, of you. They will seek your soul-and just as you can look through the lens at them, they can extend their forces back through the jewel to suck you down. Hypnotic force, of some sort psychology has not yet postulated. Magnetism, telepathy; these are the words psychologists use to describe things they do not fully understand; just as the ancients called such forces magic. Don’t look too long or too closely through that jewel.”
Niles laughed. “Tomorrow I’ll take the pictures,” he declared. “And then we’ll see just what your Elementals are like. If it makes you nervous, you can stay away.”
“Frankly, I will,” I said. And I did.
The following afternoon I left the studio in Niles’ hands. He was tremendously excited. He spoke of using new focusing adjustments to extend part of the field; he wondered what speeds to photograph with, what paper to use for printing. He also speculated as to whether or not the creatures he saw would appear on the finished negative, or merely the amazing light-figures. I left, for I felt a growing nervousness and apprehension I did not wish him to see.
I went down to Voorden’s.
The shop was open, but the clerk was not there when I passed through the front of the place, although the bell tinkled its usual warning of a customer’s approach as I entered the door. I walked back through the gloom to the room where Isaac usually spent his time in study. He was sitting there in the soft haze peculiar to the lightless chamber; his eyes glazed in rapt attention on the open pages of some old book.
“Isaac,” I said. “That jewel has something. Niles and I used it last night, and I think it’s a gateway to something incredible. Those divinators of ancient times were no fools. They knew what they were doing-”
Isaac never moved. Imperturbable, he sat and stared through the quiet dusk. There was a little smile on his sallow face. 
“You promised to look up some more of the jewel’s history,” I went on. “Did you find anything? It’s amazing, you know; quite amazing.”
Isaac sat and stared and smiled. I bent forward. Sitting bolt upright in his chair, hand clutching a pen, Isaac Voorden seemed a modern necromancer. And like many an ancient necromancer who had overstepped the pale, Isaac Voorden was dead.
Stone dead.
“Isaac!” I shouted. Funny, isn’t it, how people always shout the name of the departed upon discovery of death? It’s a sort of despairing wail of disbelief at a friend’s passing; an invocation, as though the echo of a human voice can recall the soul of one that has passed beyond. Beyond – to the Astral Plane?
Quickly I bent over the cold body, stared at the crabbed scrawl covering the paper. I read the notes Voorden had been working on when his pale Visitor had arrived. They blurred through my brain.
“The Star of Sekhmet. Ptolemaic. Aug. Lulla, name of Roman who stole it. See note in Veno’s History. Lulla died under curse for removing sacred jewel. Point one.
“Priestess of Diana who wore it in vestal girdle also died. For sacrilege. Again, see Veno. Point two. The pattern grows.
“Gilles De Retz – his fate is known. He misused the jewel. Yes, it’s the inevitable story of violation.
“See Mysteries of the Worm for Prinn’s chapter on divination. Might be reference concerning jewel during its disappearance.
“Again, the Russian. Claims to have stolen jewel from Rasputin, who used it in prophecy. Rasputin dead. The Russian lost his eyes. And unless he lost his reason, his warnings concerning sacred character of jewel are to be respected. Points three, four, and five. Whoever or whatever exists in the world opened up by the jewel is not anxious to have the gateway changed, or misused. Cutting the stone, transplanting it from one setting to another, misusing it – all result in death.
“And – I have done all three. God help this man Niles for what he must endure. They may get at him through the stone. God help me. There will be a price I must pay soon.
“Why didn’t I think before I gave up the jewel? Now I’m –”

That was all he had written. There was no scrawling off of the interrupted pen, no frozen look of horror, no “mounting dread” in the text of the writing. Voorden had written it. One minute he was alive, and the next minute he was dead.
Of course it could have been heart-failure, thrombosis, or simply old age. Shock, excitement, anxiety might have brought it on; a stroke may have done it. But I didn’t fool myself. I knew. I rose and ran from that shop as though fiends dogged my heels. And all the way my legs worked in rhythm to a single phrase racing through my brain. “God help Niles.”
It was dusk when I unlocked the studio door. The studio was empty, the twilight room darkened. Had Niles gone out? I prayed so. But where would he go? He wouldn’t abandon work. I walked to where the camera loomed: noted the exposure of one film. He must have been called.
I restrained an impulse to peer again through the jewel lens, as I lit the light. No – I did to wish to see that plain again; see those horrible figures dwelling outside laws of space and time, yet – mocking thoughts! – actually existing here around me, in this very room. Worlds within worlds of horror. Where was Niles?
I couldn’t brood like this. Why not develop the exposed film? Keep busy. I carried the camera into the darkroom. Ten minutes in darkness, then the regular process. I set the fans going as I hung the dark square up to dry.
My mind teemed with excited conjectures. Would we find a blank photograph? Would it show the angled figures of light? Or would – wonderful possibility – the creatures conjured up by our imaginations appear? Would our own brains aid in taking the pictures, as a part of the focal point linked to the camera by the hypnotic jewel? It was a fascinating thought.
The fans hummed as the minutes fled.
But where was Niles? Whatever had caused his hasty departure, surely he would have returned by now. And he had left no note. The door had been locked from the outside, and I had the only key. The thought grinned at me through a wave of horror. There was no way Niles could have left.
Only one way.
I jammed the dried negative into the printer, with a sheet of ordinary paper. I pressed down, slipped the print into the developer; waited a moment. I raced out into the light of the other room, held the finished print wet and dripping, to the light.
Then I screamed, and smashed the camera, stamped on the jewel until I could control myself sufficiently to pick it up and hurl it through the open window at the further rooftops. I tore print and negative to shreds. And still I screamed, because I could not and never shall be able to erase the memory of what I had seen in that picture Niles had taken.
He must have clicked it off at a very fast speed. Very fast. And perhaps it was the actual working of the camera which accounted for what had happened. It might have established the focal point instantaneously – established it so that those things – forces, Elementals, call them what you will – could achieve their goal.
I saw the print. it was as Niles guessed it might be; a picture of a black endless plain. Only there were no lights visible, no figures, nothing except black shadows that seemed to blur around a central point. They did not photograph.
But they blurred around a point – a central point. They got through just as the picture must have snapped yet faster than light itself. They got through and drew Niles along the angles as I had feared. Faster than light itself, as I have said. For it had to be faster, else I would not have seen-I would not have seen what I did see on that print. The central point...
The central point of that accursed picture; the only visible thing amidst the shadows – was the dead and mangled body of David Niles!



Black Bargain

It was getting late when I switched off the neon and got busy behind the fountain with my silver polish. The fruit syrup came off easily, but the chocolate stuck and the hot fudge was greasy. I wish to the devil they wouldn’t order hot fudge.
I began to get irritated as I scrubbed away. Five hours on my feet, every night, and what did I have to show for it? Varicose veins. Varicose veins, and the memory of a thousand foolish faces. The veins were easier to bear than the memories. They were so depressing, those customers of mine. I knew them all by heart.
In early evening all I got was “cokes.” I could spot the “cokes” a mile away. Giggling high-school girls, with long shocks of uncombed brown hair, with their shapeless tan “fingertip” coats and the repulsively thick legs bulging over furry red ankle socks. They were all “cokes.” For forty-five minutes they’d monopolize a booth, messing up the tile table-top with cigarette ashes, crushed napkins daubed in lipstick, and little puddles of spilled water. Whenever a high-school girl came in, I automatically reached for the cola pump.
A little later in the evening I got the “gimme two packs” crowd. Sports-shirts hanging limply over hairy arms meant the popular brands. Blue work-shirts with rolled sleeves disclosing tattooing meant the two-for-a-quarter cigarettes.
Once in awhile I got a fat boy. He was always a “cigar.” If he wore glasses, he was a ten-center. If not, I merely had to indicate the box on the counter. Five cents straight. Mild Havana – all long filler.
Oh, it was monotonous. The “notions” family, who invariably departed with aspirin, Ex-Lax, candy bars, and a pint of ice cream. The “public library” crowd – tall, skinny youths bending the pages of magazines on the rack and never buying. The “soda-waters” with their trousers wrinkled by the sofa of a one-room apartment, the “hairpins,” always looking furtively toward the baby buggy outside. And around ten, the “pineapple sundaes” – fat women Bingo players. Followed by the “chocolate sodas” when the show let out. More booth-parties, giggling girls and red-necked young men in sloppy play-suits.
In and out, all day long. The rushing “telephones,” the doddering old “three-cent stamps,” the bachelor “toothpastes” and “razor-blades.”
I could spot them all at a glance. Night after night they dragged up to the counter. I don’t know why they even bothered to tell me what they wanted. One look was all I needed to anticipate their slightest wishes. I could have given them what they needed without their asking. Or, rather, I suppose I couldn’t. Because what most of them really needed was a good long drink of arsenic, as far as I was concerned.
Arsenic! Good Lord, how long had it been since I’d been called upon to fill out a prescription! None of these stupid idiots wanted drugs from a drugstore. Why had I bothered to study pharmacy? All I really needed was a two-week course in pouring chocolate syrup over melting ice cream, and a month’s study of how to set up cardboard figures in the window so as to emphasize their enormous busts.
Well – 
He came in then. I heard the slow footsteps without bothering to look up. For amusement I tried to guess before I glanced. A “gimme two packs?” A “toothpaste?” Well, the hell with him. I was closing up.
The male footsteps had shuffled up to the counter before I raised my head. They halted, timidly. I still refused to give any recognition of his presence. Then came a hesitant cough. That did it.
I found myself staring at Caspar Milquetoast, and nearly rags. A middle-aged, thin little fellow with sandy hair and rimless glasses perched on a snub nose. The crease of his froggish mouth underlined the despair of his face. He wore a frayed $16.50 suit, a wrinkled white shirt, and a string tie – but humility was his real garment. It covered him completely, that aura of hopeless resignation.
To Hell with psychoanalysis! I’m not the drugstore Dale Carnegie. What I saw added up to only one thing in my mind. A moocher. 
“I beg your pardon, please, but have you any tincture of aconite?”
Well, miracles do happen. I was going to get a chance to sell drugs after all. Or was I? When despair walks in and asks for aconite, it means suicide. I shrugged. “Aconite?” I echoed. “I don’t know.”
He smiled, a little. Or rather, that crease wrinkled back in a poor imitation of amusement. But on his face a smile had no more mirth in it than the grin you see on a skull.
“I know what you’re thinking,” he mumbled. “But you’re wrong. I’m – I’m a chemist. I’m doing some experiments, and I must have four ounces of aconite at once. And some belladonna. Yes, and – wait a minute.”
Then he dragged the book out of his pocket.
I craned my neck, and it was worth it.
The book had rusty metal covers and was obviously very old. When the thick yellow pages fluttered open under his trembling thumb I saw flecks of dust rise from the binding. The heavy, black-lettered type was German, but I couldn’t read anything at that distance. “Let me see now,” he murmured. “Aconite – belladonna – yes, and I have this – the cat, of course – nightshade – um hum – oh, yes, I’ll need some phosphorus of course – have you any blue chalk? Good, and I guess that’s all.”
I was beginning to catch on. But what the devil did it matter to me? A screwball more or less was nothing new in my life. All I wanted to do was get out of here and soak my feet. I went back and got the stuff for him, quickly. I peered through the slot above the prescription counter, but he wasn’t doing anything – just paging through that black, iron-bound book and moving his lips.
Wrapping the parcel, I came out. “Anything else, sir?”
“Oh, yes. Could I have about a dozen candles? The large size?” I opened a drawer and scrabbled for them under the dust. “I’ll have to melt them down and re-blend them with the fat,” he said.
“What?”
“Nothing. I was just figuring.”
Sure. That’s the kind of figuring you do best when you’re counting the pads in your cell. But it wasn’t my business, was it? So I handed over the package, like a fool.
“Thank you. You’ve been very kind. I must ask you to be kinder – to charge this.”
Oh, swell!
“You see I’m temporarily out of funds. But I can assure you, in a very short time, in fact within three days, I shall pay you in full. Yes.”
A very convincing plea. I wouldn’t give him a cup of coffee on it – and that’s what bums usually ask for, instead of aconite and candles. But if his words didn’t move me, his eyes did. They were so lonely behind his spectacles, so pitifully alone, those two little puddles of hope in the desert of despair that was his face.
All right. Let him have his dreams. Let him take his old iron-bound dream book home with him and make him crazy. Let him light his tapers and draw his phosphorescent circle and recite his spells to Little Wahoo the Indian Guide of the Spirit World, or whatever the hell he wanted to do.
No, I wouldn’t give him coffee, but I’d give him a dream. “That’s okay, buddy,” I said. “We’re all down on our luck some time, I guess.”
That was wrong. I shouldn’t have patronized. He stiffened at once and his mouth curled into a sneer – of superiority, if you please!
“I’m not asking charity,” he said. “You’ll get paid, never fear, my good man. In three days, mark my words. Now good evening. I have work to do.”
Out he marched, leaving “my good man” with his mouth open. Eventually I closed my mouth but I couldn’t clamp a lid on my curiosity.
That night, walking home, I looked down the dark street with new interest. The black houses bulked like a barrier behind which lurked fantastic mysteries. Row upon row, not houses any more, but dark dungeons of dreams. In what house did my stranger hide? In what room was he intoning to what strange gods?
Once again I sensed the presence of wonder in the world, of lurking strangeness behind the scenes of drug-store and apartment-house civilization. Black books still were read, and wild-eyed strangers walked and muttered, candles burned into the night, and a missing alley-cat might mean a chosen sacrifice.
But my feet hurt, so I went home.

Same old malted milks, cherry cokes, Vaseline, Listerine, hairnets, bathing caps, cigarettes, and what have you. Me, I had a headache. It was four days later, almost the same time of night, when I found myself scrubbing off the soda taps again.
Sure enough, he walked in.
I kept telling myself all evening that I didn’t expect him – but I did expect him, really. I had that crawling feeling when the door clicked. I waited for the shuffle of the Tom McCann shoes. Instead there was a brisk tapping of Oxfords. English Oxfords. The $18.50 kind.
I looked up in a hurry this time.
It was my stranger.
At least he was there, someplace beneath the flashy blue pinstripe of his suit, the immaculate shirt and foulard tie. He’d had a shave, a haircut, a manicure, and evidently a winning ticket in the Irish Sweepstakes. “Hello, there.” Nothing wrong with that voice – I’ve heard it in the ritzy hotel lobbies for years, brimming over with pep and confidence and authority.
“Well, well, well,” was all I could say.
He chuckled. His mouth wasn’t a crease anymore. It was a trumpet of command. Out of that mouth could come orders, and directions. This wasn’t a mouth shaped for hesitant excuses any longer. It was a mouth for requesting expensive dinners, choice vintage wines, heavy cigars; a mouth that barked at taxi-drivers and doormen.
“Surprised to see me, eh? Well, I told you it would take three days. Want to pay you your money, thank you for your kindness.”
That was nice. Not the thanks, the money. I like money. The thought of getting some I didn’t expect made me genial. “So your prayers were answered, eh?” I said.
He frowned.
“Prayers – what prayers?”
“Why I thought that –” I’d pulled a boner, and no mistake.
“I don’t understand,” he snapped, understanding perfectly well. “Did you perhaps harbor some misapprehension concerning my purchases of the other evening? A few necessary chemicals, that’s all – to complete the experiment I spoke of. And the candles, I must confess, were to light my room. They shut my electricity off the day before.”
Well, it could be.
“Might as well tell you the experiment was, a howling success. Yes, sir. Went right down to Newsohm with the results and they put me on as assistant research director. Quite a break.” Newsohm was the biggest chemical supply house in our section of the country. And he went right down in his rags and was “put on” as assistant research director! Well, live and learn. “So here’s the money. $2.39, wasn’t it? Can you change a twenty?”
I couldn’t.
“That’s all right, keep it.”
I refused; I don’t know why. Made me feel crawling again, somehow.
“Well then, tell you what let’s do. You are closing up, aren’t you? Why not step down the street to the tavern for a little drink? I’ll get change there. Come on, I feel like celebrating.”
So it was that five minutes later I walked down the street with Mr. Fritz Gulther. We took a table in the tavern and ordered quickly. Neither he nor I was at ease. Somehow there was an unspoken secret between us. It seemed almost as though I harbored criminal knowledge against him – I, of all men, alone knowing that behind this immaculately-clad figure of success, there lurked a shabby specter just three days in the past. A specter that owed me $2.39.
We drank quickly, both of us. The specter got a little fainter. We had another. I insisted on paying for the third round. “It’s a celebration,” I argued.
He laughed. “Certainly is. And let me tell you, this is only the beginning. Only the beginning! From now on I’m going to climb so fast it’ll make your head swim. I’ll be running that place within six months. Going to get a lot of new defense orders in from the government and expand.”
“Wait a minute,” I cautioned, reserve gone. “You’re way ahead of yourself. If I were in your shoes I’d still be dazed with what happened to me in the past three days.”
Fritz Gulther smiled. “Oh, that? I expected that. Didn’t I tell you so in the store? I’ve been working for over a year and I knew just what to expect. It was no surprise, I assure you. I had it all planned. I was willing to starve to carry out my necessary studies, and I did starve. Might as well admit it.”
“Sure.” I was on my fourth drink now, over the barriers. “When you came into the store I said to myself, ‘Here’s a guy who’s been through hell’!”
“Truer words were never spoken,” said Gulther. “I’ve been through hell all right, quite literally. But it’s all over now, and I didn’t get burned.”
“Say, confidentially – what kind of magic did you use?”
“Magic? Magic? I don’t know anything about magic.”
“Oh, yes you do, Gulther,” I said. “What about that little black book with the iron covers you were mumbling around with in the store?”
“German inorganic chemistry text,” he snapped. “Pretty old. Here, drink up and have another.”
I had another. Gulther began to babble, a bit. About his new clothes and his new apartment and the new car he was going to buy next week. About how he was going to have everything he wanted now, by God, he’d show the fools that laughed at him all these years, he’d pay back the nagging landladies and the cursing grocers, and the sneering rats who told him he was soft in the head for studying the way he did.
Then he got into the kindly stage.
“How’d you like a job at Newsohm?” he asked me. “You’re a good pharmacist. You know your chemistry. You’re a nice enough fellow, too – but you’ve got a terrible imagination. How about it? Be my secretary. Sure, that’s it. Be my secretary. I’ll put you on tomorrow.”
“I’ll drink on that,” I declared. The prospect intoxicated me. The thought of escape from the damned store, escape from the “coke” faces, the “ciggies” voices, very definitely intoxicated me. So did the next drink.
I began to see something.
We were sitting against the wall and the tavern lights were low. Couples around us were babbling in monotone that was akin to silence. We sat in shadow against the wall. Now I looked at my shadow – an ungainly, flickering caricature of myself, hunched over the table. What a contrast it presented before his suddenly erect bulk!
His shadow, now – 
His shadow, now – 
I saw it. He was sitting up straight across the table from me. But his shadow on the wall was standing! “No more Scotch for me,” I said, as the waiter came up.
But I continued to stare at his shadow. He was sitting and the shadow was standing. It was a larger shadow than mine, and a blacker shadow. For fun I moved my hands up and down, making heads and faces in silhouette. He wasn’t watching me, he was gesturing to the waiter.
His shadow didn’t gesture. It just stood there. I watched and stared and tried to look away. His hands moved but the black outline stood poised and silent, hands dangling at the sides. And yet I saw the familiar shape of his head and nose; unmistakably his. “Say, Gulther,” I said. “Your shadow – here on the wall –”
I slurred my words. My eyes were blurred.
But I felt his attitude pierce my consciousness below the alcohol.
Fritz Gulther rose to his feet and then shoved a dead-white face against mine. He didn’t look at his shadow. He looked at me, through me, at some horror behind my face, my thoughts, my brain. He looked at me, and into some private hell of his own.
“Shadow,” he said. “There’s nothing wrong with my shadow. You’re mistaken. Remember that, you’re mistaken. And if you ever mention it again, I’ll bash your skull in.” Then Fritz Gulther got up and walked away. I watched him march across the room, moving swiftly but a little unsteadily. Behind him, moving very slowly and not a bit unsteadily, a tall black shadow followed him from the room.

If you can build a better mousetrap than your neighbor, you’re liable to put your foot in it. That’s certainly what I had done with Gulther. Here I was, ready to accept his offer of a good job as his secretary, and I had to go and pull a drunken boner!
I was still cursing myself for a fool two days later. Shadows that don’t follow body-movements, indeed! Who was that shadow I saw you with last night? That was no shadow, that was the Scotch I was drinking. Oh, fine!
So I stood in the drug store and sprinkled my sundaes with curses as, well as chopped nuts. I nearly knocked the pecans off the counter that second night, when Fritz Gulther walked in again.
He hurried up to the counter and flashed me a tired smile. “Got a minute to spare?”
“Sure – wait till I serve these people in the booth.” I dumped the sundaes and raced back. Gulther perched himself on a stool and took off his hat. He was sweating profusely. 
“Say – I want to apologize for the way I blew up the other night.”
“Why, that’s all right, Mr. Gulther.”
“I got a little too excited, that’s all. Liquor and success went to my head. No hard feelings, I want you to understand that. It’s just that, I was nervous. Your ribbing me about my shadow, that stuff sounded too much like the way I was always kidded for sticking to my studies in my room. Landlady used to accuse me of all sorts of things. Claimed I dissected her cat, that I was burning incense, messing the floor up with chalk. Some damn fool college punks downstairs began to yap around that I was some kind of nut dabbling in witchcraft.”
I wasn’t asking for his autobiography, remember. All this sounded a little hysterical. But then, Gulther looked the part. His sweating, the way his mouth wobbled and twitched as he got this out of me. “But say, reason I stopped in was to see if you could fix me up a sedative. No, no bromo or aspirin. I’ve been taking plenty of that stuff ever since the other evening. My nerves are all shot. That job of mine down at Newsohm takes it all out of me.”
“Wait a minute, I’ll get something.” I made for the back room. As I compounded I sneaked a look at Gulther through the slot. All right, I’ll be honest. It wasn’t Gulther I wanted to look at. It was his shadow.
When a customer sits at the counter stools, the store lights hit him so that his shadow is just a little black pool beneath his feet. Gulther’s shadow was a complete silhouette of his body, in outline. A black, deep shadow.
I blinked, but that didn’t help.
Stranger still, the shadow seemed to be cast parallel with his body, instead of at an angle from it. It grew out from his chest instead of his legs. I don’t know refraction, the laws of light, all that technical stuff. All I know is that Fritz Gulther had a big black shadow sitting beside him on the floor, and that the sight of it sent cold shivers along my spine.
I wasn’t drunk. Neither was he. Neither was the shadow. All three of us existed. Now Gulther was putting his hat back on.
But not the shadow. It just sat there. Crouched.
It was all wrong.
The shadow was no denser at one spot than at another. It was evenly dark, and – I noted this particularly – the outlines did not blur or fade. They were solid. I stared and stared. I saw a lot now I’d never noticed. The shadow wore no clothes. Of course! Why should it put on a hat? It was naked, that shadow. But it belonged to Gulther – it wore spectacles. It was his shadow, all right. Which suited me fine, because I didn’t want it.
Fiddling around compounding that sedative, I got in several more peeks. Now Gulther was looking down over his shoulder. He was looking at his shadow, now. Even from a distance I fancied I saw new beads of sweat string a rosary of fear across his forehead.
He knew, all right!
I came out, finally. “Here it is,” I said. I kept my eyes from his face.
“Good. Hope it works. Must get some sleep. And say-that job offer still goes. How about coming down tomorrow morning?”
I nodded, forcing a smile.
Gulther paid me, rose. “See you then.”
“Certainly.” And why not? After all, what if you do work for a boss with an unnatural shadow? Most bosses have other faults, worse ones and more concrete. That shadow – whatever it was and whatever was wrong with it – wouldn’t bite me. Though Gulther acted as though it might bite him.
As he turned away I looked at his departing back, and at the long, swooping black outline which followed it. The shadow rose and stalked after him. Stalked. Yes, it followed quite purposefully. To my now bewildered eyes it seemed larger than it had in the tavern. Larger, and a bolder black.
Then the night swallowed Gulther and his nonexistent companion.
I went back to the rear of the store and swallowed the other half of the sedative I’d made up for that purpose. After seeing that shadow, I needed it as much as he did.

The girl in the ornate outer office smiled prettily. “Go right in,” she warbled. “He’s expecting you.”
So it was true, then. Gulther was assistant research director, and I was to be his secretary. I floated in. In the morning sunshine I forgot all about shadows.
The inner office was elaborately furnished – a huge place, with the elegant walnut panelling associated with business authority. There was a kidney-desk set before closed venetian blinds, and a variety of comfortable leather armchairs. Fluorescent lighting gleamed pleasantly.
But there was no Gulther. Probably on the other side of the little door at the back, talking to his chief. I sat down, with the tight feeling of anticipation hugged somewhere within my stomach. I glanced around, taking in the room again. My gaze swept the glass-topped desk. It was bare. Except in the corner, where a small box of cigars rested.
No, wait a minute. That wasn’t a cigar-box. It was metal. I’d seen it somewhere before. Of course! It was Gulther’s iron-bound book. “German inorganic chemistry.” Who was I to doubt his word? So naturally, I just had to sneak a look before he came in.
I opened the yellowed pages.
De Vermis Mysteriis. “Mysteries of the Worm.”
This was no inorganic chemistry text. It was something entirely different. Something that told you how you could compound aconite and belladonna and draw circles of phosphorescent fire on the floor when the stars were right. Something that spoke of melting tallow candles and blending them with corpse-fat, whispered of the uses to which animal sacrifice might be put.
It spoke of meetings that could be arranged with various parties most people don’t either care to meet or even believe in. The thick black letters crawled across the pages, and the detestable odor arising from the musty thing formed a background for the nastiness of the text. I won’t say whether or not I believed what I was reading, but I will admit that there was an air, a suggestion about those cold, deliberate directions for traffic with alien evil, which made me shiver with repulsion. Such thoughts have no place in sanity, even as fantasy. And if this is what Gulther had done with the materials, he’d bought himself for $2.39.
“Years of study,” eh? “Experiments.” What was Gulther trying to call up, what did he call up, and what bargain did he make?
The man who could answer these questions sidled out from behind the door. Gone was the Fritz Gulther of the pinstripe suit personality. It was my original Caspar Milquetoast who creased his mouth at me in abject fear. He looked like a man – I had to say it – who was afraid of his own shadow.
The shadow trailed him through the doorway. To my eyes it had grown overnight. Its arms were slightly raised, though Gulther had both hands pressed against his sides. I saw it cross the wall as he walked toward me-and it moved more swiftly than he did. Make no mistake. I saw the shadow. Since then I’ve talked to wise boys who assure me that under even fluorescence no shadow is cast. They’re wise boys all right, but I saw that shadow.
Gulther saw that book in my hands. “All right,” he said, simply. “You know. And maybe it’s just as well.”
“Know?”
“Yes. Know that I made a bargain with – someone. I thought I was being smart. He promised me success and wealth, anything I wanted, on only one condition. Those damned conditions: you always read about them and you always forget, because they sound so foolish! He told me that I’d have only one rival, and that this rival would be a part of myself. It would grow with my success.”
I sat mute. Gulther was wound up for a long time.
“Silly, wasn’t it? Of course I accepted. And then I found out what my rival was-what it would be. This shadow of mine. It’s independent of me, you know that, and it keeps growing! Oh, not in size, but in depth, in intensity. It’s becoming – maybe I am crazy but you see it too-more solid. Thicker. As though it had palpable substance.”
Crease-mouth wobbled violently, but the words choked on. “The further I go the more it grows. Last night I took your sedative and it didn’t work. Didn’t work at all. I sat up in the darkness and watched my shadow.”
“In darkness?”
“Yes. It doesn’t need light. It really exists, now. Permanently. In the dark it’s just a blacker blur. But you can see it. It doesn’t sleep, or rest. It just waits.”
“And you’re afraid of it? Why?”
“I don’t know. It doesn’t threaten me, or make gestures, or even take any notice of me. Shadows taking notice – sounds crazy, doesn’t it? But you see it as I do. You can see it waiting. And that’s why I’m afraid. What’s it waiting for?”
The shadow crept closer over his shoulder. Eavesdropping. “I don’t need you for a secretary. I need a nurse.”
“What you need is a good rest.”
“Rest? How can I rest? I just came out of Newsohm’s office. He doesn’t notice anything – yet. Too stupid, I suppose. The girls in the office look at me when I pass, and I wonder if they see something peculiar. But Newsohm doesn’t. He just made me head of research. Completely in charge.”
“In five days? Marvelous!”
“Isn’t it? Except for our bargain – whenever I succeed, my rival gains power with me. That will make the shadow stronger. How, I don’t know. I’m waiting. And I can’t find rest.”
“I’ll find it for you. Just lie down and wait – I’ll be back.”
I left him hastily – left him sitting at his desk, all alone. Not quite alone. The shadow was there, too. Before I went I had the funniest temptation. I wanted to run my hand along the wall, through that shadow. And yet I didn’t. It was too black, too solid. What if my hand should actually encounter something?
So I just left.
I was back in half an hour. I grabbed Gulther’s arm, bared it, plunged the needle home. “Morphine,” I whispered. “You’ll sleep now.”
He did, resting on the leather sofa. I sat at his side, watching the shadow that didn’t sleep. It stood there towering above him unnaturally. I tried to ignore it, but it was a third party in the room. Once, when I turned my back, it moved. It began to pace up and down. I opened my mouth, trying to hold back a scream.
The phone buzzed. I answered mechanically, my eyes never leaving the black outline on the wall that swayed over Gulther’s recumbent form. “Yes? No – he’s not in right now. This is Mr. Gulther’s secretary speaking. Your message? Yes, I’ll tell him. I certainly will. Thank you.”
It had been a woman’s voice – a deep, rich voice. Her message was to tell Mr. Gulther she’d changed her mind. She’d be happy to meet him that evening at dinner. 
Another conquest for Fritz Gulther!
Conquest – two conquests in a row. That meant conquests for the shadow, too. But how? I turned to the shadow on the wall and got a shock. It was lighter! Grayer, thinner, wavering a little!
What was wrong?
I glanced down at Gulther’s sleeping face. Then I got another shock. Gulther’s face was dark. Not tanned, but dark. Blackish. Sooty. Shadowy. Then I did scream, a little.
Gulther awoke.
I just pointed to his face and indicated the wall mirror. He almost fainted. “It’s combining with me,” he whispered. His skin was slate-colored. I turned my back because I couldn’t look at him. “We must do something,” he mumbled. “Fast.”
“Perhaps if you were to use that book again, you could make another bargain.”
It was a fantastic idea, but it popped out. I faced Gulther again and saw him smile. “That’s it! If you could get the materials now – you know what I need – go to the drug-store-but hurry up because –”
I shook my head. Gulther was nebulous, shimmery. I saw him through a mist. 
Then I heard him yell.
“You damned fool! Look at me. That’s my shadow you’re staring at!”
I ran out of the room, and in less than ten minutes I was trying to fill a vial with belladonna with fingers that trembled like lumps of jelly.

I must have looked like a fool, carrying that armful of packages through the outer office. Candles, chalk, phosphorus, aconite, belladonna, and – blame it on my hysteria – the dead body of an alley-cat I decoyed behind the store.
Certainly I felt like a fool when Fritz Gulther met me at the door of his sanctum. “Come on in,” he snapped.
Yes, snapped.
It took only a glance to convince me that Gulther was himself again. Whatever the black change that frightened us so had been, he’d shook it off while I was gone. Once again the trumpet-voice held authority. Once again the sneering smile replaced the apologetic crease in the mouth. Gulther’s skin was white, normal. His movements were brisk and no longer frightened. He didn’t need any wild spells – or had he ever, really?
Suddenly I felt as though I’d been a victim of my own imagination. After all, men don’t make bargains with demons, they don’t change places with their shadows. The moment Gulther closed the door his words corroborated my mood. “Well, I’ve snapped out of it. Foolish nonsense, wasn’t it?” He smiled easily. “Guess we won’t need that junk after all. Right when you left I began to feel better. Here, sit down and take it easy.”
I sat. Gulther rested on the desk nonchalantly swinging his legs.
“All that nervousness, that strain, has disappeared. But before I forget it, I’d like to apologize for telling you that crazy story about sorcery and my obsession. Matter of fact, I’d feel better about the whole thing in the future if you just forget that all this ever happened.”
I nodded.
Gulther smiled again. “That’s right. Now we’re ready to get down to business. I tell you, it’s a real relief to realize the progress we’re going to make. I’m head research director already, and if I play my cards right I think I’ll be running this place in another three months. Some of the things Newsohm told me today tipped me off. So just play ball with me and we’ll go a long way. A long way. And I can promise you one thing – I’ll never have any of these crazy spells again.”
There was nothing wrong with what Gulther said here. Nothing wrong with any of it. There was nothing wrong with the way Gulther lolled and smiled at me, either.
Then why did I suddenly get that old crawling sensation along my spine?
For a moment I couldn’t place it – and then I realized.
Fritz Gulther sat on his desk, before the wall but now he cast no shadow.  No shadow. No shadow at all. A shadow had tried to enter the body of Fritz Gulther when I left. Now there was no shadow.
Where had it gone?
There was only one place for it to go. And if it had gone there, then – where was Fritz Gulther? He read it in my eyes. I read it in his swift gesture. Gulther’s hand dipped into his pocket and re-emerged. As it rose, I rose and sprang across the room.
I gripped the revolver, pressed it back and away, and stared into his convulsed countenance, into his eyes. Behind the glasses, behind the human pupils, there was only a blackness. The cold, grinning blackness of a shadow. Then he snarled, arms clawing up as he tried to wrest the weapon free, aim it. His body was cold, curiously weightless, but filled with a slithering strength. I felt myself go limp under those icy, scrabbling talons, but as I gazed into those two dark pools of hate that were his eyes, fear and desperation lent me aid. A single gesture, and I turned the muzzle in. The gun exploded, and Gulther slumped to the floor. 
They crowded in then; they stood and stared down, too. We all stood and stared down at the body lying on the floor. 
Body? There was Fritz Gulther’s shoes, his shirt, his tie, his expensive blue pinstripe suit. The toes of the shoes pointed up, the shirt and tie and suit were creased and filled out to support a body beneath. But there was no body on the floor. There was only a shadow – a deep, black shadow, encased in Fritz Gulther’s clothes.
Nobody said a word for a long minute. Then one of the girls whispered, “Look – it’s just a shadow.”
I bent down quickly and shook the clothes. As I did so, the shadow seemed to move beneath my fingers, to move and to melt. In an instant it slithered free from the garments. There was a flash – or a final retinal impression of blackness, and the shadow was gone. The clothing sagged down into an empty, huddled heap on the floor.
I rose and faced them. I couldn’t say it loud, but I could say it gratefully, very gratefully. “No,” I said. “You’re mistaken. There’s no shadow there. There’s nothing at all—absolutely nothing at all.”


Philtre Tip

Mark Thornwald had an obsession.
Now there is nothing wrong with having an obsession in our society, provided one chooses it wisely. The man who is obsessed with the desire to make money often becomes wealthy. Those who dedicate an entire existence to the pursuit of fame frequently are rewarded and can deduct the clipping bureau’s fee from their income tax. Men who devote a lifetime to excel in athletic pursuits often wind up with a sizable collection of trophies, plus an occasional hernia.
But Mark Thornwald chose the wrong obsession. Her name was Adrienne.
It is easy to deal with this particular obsession in terms of labels—mother-fixation, chemical attraction, love object, and the like.
Unfortunately, Thornwald wasn’t satisfied with labeling his obsession. He had other plans for Adrienne. With the sorry result that he wasn’t satisfied, period.
The first time he attempted to put his plans into action, Adrienne laughed at him. The second time, she slapped his face. The third time she threatened to call her husband and have Thornwald thrown out of the house.
Thornwald elected to leave quietly, hugging his obsession to his breast, nursing it on the juices of hatred and frustration. As a result, it grew enormously.
Since Adrienne’s husband, Charles, happened to be an associate professor of medieval history and since Thornwald was one of the regents of the university, it was no great trick to see that his contract was not renewed. After assuring himself that attrition had set in, Thornwald again approached Adrienne and made what he considered a handsome offer.
Adrienne thought both the offer and Thornwald quite ugly and told him so. Again he retired to defeat, comforted only by the knowledge that she would never stoop to telling her husband.
Thornwald took stock of the situation. Of course, being obsessed, he did not consider matters realistically. When one is obsessed with avarice, one does not reflect upon the widows and orphans who may purchase the phony uranium stock; the seeker of fame at any price is quite willing to propel his pelvis in public or even run for Congress if needs be. And the man whose obsession takes a delectable, feminine form is equally lacking in ethics and scruples. To him, love laughs at locksmiths and goes into positive hysteria over the spectacle of a faithful wife.
“The end justifies the means,” Thornwald told himself, and when he spoke of “the end” in connection with Adrienne it is to be feared he had a very tangible image in mind.
But there were no means available until Adrienne’s husband provided them. They came to Thornwald in the shape of a bulky manuscript, delivered by Charles himself. “Aphrodisia,” Thornwald murmured. “A Study of Erotic Stimuli Through the Ages.”
“Don’t let the title deceive you,” Charles told him. “It’s a scholarly work. I’ve been doing research on it now for almost a year—ever since I lost my position at the university. See what you think. Maybe it could stand a chance with Harker House.”
“Ah yes, Harker House.” Thornwald happened to be on the board of editors of the publishing firm.
“Read it as a professional,” Charles urged. “Not as a friend.”
This wasn’t difficult for Thornwald, since by no stretch of the imagination did he consider himself to be Charles’ friend. Rival, or deadly enemy—that was much more to Thornwald’s taste, and the nourishment of his obsession.
Still, after Charles went away, he did read it professionally. And found the answer. “Why did you cross out this formula for a love philtre?” he asked Charles, upon a subsequent visit. Thornwald indicated the page. “Here—the one from Ludvig Prinn’s Grimoire, in the English edition.” He read the ingredients listed and the description of effects.
“The meerest droppe, if placed in a posset of wine or sack, will transforme ye beloved into a veritable bitche in heate.”
Charles smiled and shrugged. “You’ve just answered your own question,” he said. “Most of the spells and incantations I’ve set down are mere curiosa. I doubt if there’s any amorous incitement in owl dung and calling a tomato a love apple is just sympathetic magic. But a few items come from sources I respect. Ludvig Prinn, for example, was a considerable sorcerer in his day.”
Thornwald elevated his eyebrows. “In other words, you decided to omit this particular formula because you’re afraid it might work?”
Charles nodded. “Look at the ingredients,” he said. “Some of them I never heard of, and heaven only knows what their reaction might be in combination. The ones I do know—yohimbine and cantharidin, for example—are in themselves powerful aphrodisiacs. Added to this other stuff, the result could be trouble.”
“Just what I was thinking,” Thornwald said. And made a mental note, which he at once underlined in big black encephalographs.
“Interesting material,” he told Charles. “Let me pop this in to the editorial staff and we’ll see what we can do.”
He took the manuscript away and, three weeks later, called Charles. “It’s practically set,” he said. “You’ve an after-dinner appointment with the board tonight. Get into town and come back with a contract.”
That part was easy. The difficult matter had been to trace down all of the obscure ingredients for the love philtre. Some of them were only approximated in the pharmacopoeia and others had to be illegally obtained, but Thornwald’s obsession brooked no obstacles. And now he was ready.
As soon as he made certain that Charles had indeed departed for the city he made his final preparations. Promptly at eight he knocked on the door of Charles’ flat and Adrienne admitted him, “Charles isn’t here,” she said.
“I know, but he’ll be back before midnight. And then we’ll celebrate his new book contract.” Thornwald waved the two bottles. “Champagne, my dear, and already iced. One bottle for when Charles returns. One to share between us while we’re waiting,”
Adrienne eyed the bottles dubiously, but before she could object, Thornwald took over. “Glasses,” he demanded. “And a corkscrew, if you please.”
“But—”
“It’s to be a surprise,” Thornwald assured her. And he meant it.
Adrienne, he knew, could never resist surprises. And this particular one she could resist least of all. He didn’t tell her about the third bottle—the tiny one—which he carried concealed in his pocket. He waited until she brought in the glasses and the corkscrew and an ice bucket.
“I’ll open the bottle,” he said. “Man’s work.” He winked at her. “Meanwhile, why don’t you slip into that party dress of yours, so that we can give Charles a proper welcome?”
Adrienne nodded and left the room. It was then that Thornwald opened the champagne, poured it, and added just the merest drop of the love philtre to the contents of her glass.
He finished just in time, dropping the little vial back into his pocket just as Adrienne blossomed into the room. His hand trembled, not with apprehension but with anticipation.
Obsession or no, Adrienne was a beautiful woman in her own right; slim, shapely, and quite probably a natural redhead. Thornwald determined to satisfy himself on this latter point the moment Adrienne downed her drink.
She swept over to him, proffering his glass and raising her own as he turned away until he could control his shaking fingers. Now was the time for self-control. In a moment, he felt certain, it could be abandoned.
Thornwald raised his champagne glass.
“To tonight,” he said. And sipped tentatively.
Adrienne nodded, bent her shapely wrist, brought the edge of the glass to her lips, and hesitated.
“Now that we seem to be friends again,” she murmured, “suppose we seal our relationship in a friendly gesture?”
“Such as?”
“Let us take each other’s glasses.”
Thornwald gulped. “On no!” he exclaimed. “Believe it or not, I have a cold.”
“Very well.” Again, Adrienne paused.
“Drink up, my dear,” Thornwald urged. “Here’s to surprises.”
“Surprises,” Adrienne echoed. And drank.
Thornwald tossed off the champagne. His hands were trembling again. How long would he have to wait?
Not very long, apparently. For it seemed but a moment before the change came. Adrienne moved quite close and her voice, like her smile, was soft and caressing. “I don’t know what you put in my drink,” she murmured. “But you did put something in. That’s why you wouldn’t switch glasses with me, isn’t it?”
Thornwald noted the warmth in her voice and felt it was now safe to nod.
“Good,” Adrienne said. “I thought as much. Which is why I switched glasses before I made the suggestion—when I handed you your drink.”
Thornwald blinked. And then the philtre took effect and he knew it worked, knew that if the merest drop would transform a woman into a bitch in heat, it was equally potent when administered to a male.
All he could do was tremble and watch the room swirl and listen to Adrienne’s laughter. If only she could understand his motivations, if only she realized he’d acted out of genuine affection! Thornwald knew he had to tell her, so he took a deep breath and opened his mouth.
“I love you,” he barked.

What Every Young Ghoul Should Know

On March 12th, F. Orlin Tremendous disappeared. He was the editor of Flabby Stories, so it might have been for the best. Still, it was strange. 
The following morning marked the unaccountable vanishing of Leo Margulouse, editor of Monstrous Yarns, and Hugo Tahellenback, pilot of Asinine Tales. Immediately the fantasy world became greatly excited, although it must be admitted that nobody else gave a particular damn. 
When, on March 14th, several other editors disappeared, the world was agog. Farnsworth Wrong, editor of Worried Tales, and Mort Weisenheimer, of the staff of Awful and Putrid, were both missing. Even Corwin F. Stinky, infant editor of the fan magazine The Chorus-pondent (now combined with Pleurisy), had vanished. To make a long story worse, and all seriousness aside, every fantasy editor in the country was gone. They were not at home, nor at the office, nor in a Turkish bath. Searchers turned away from the morgue, disappointed. It was a nine-days’-wonder in the world of pulp magazines. Then new editors were appointed for the fantasy books by a group of competent alienists, and the old were gradually and gratefully forgotten. 
But meanwhile the six errant editors were still alive and—like all editors— kicking. But where were they? Guess. No—that’s wrong; and besides, it isn’t nice. Guess again. No. Give up? I thought so, you dumb cluck. 
They were on the moon. 
How did they get there? I sent them there. Yes, I. Heh heh heh heh! As I write these lines I am gloating. Burp! Hm-m-m. Maybe I’m bloating. Anyhow. I sent them. 
My motive? Revenge. The month before, I submitted a story to Farnsworth Wrong entitled A Journey to the Moon by Canoe and Whiffleboard. He rejected it as impossible. Mr. Stinky even had the nerve to declare that “a trip to the moon is impossible and you know it.” Such crust—and in science-fiction, too! When I received my last rejection slip I saw red. It was a blue slip, so I went to the oculist. He prescribed glasses. So I went into a tavern and had several. It was there that my idea was born. 
I would get revenge! A trip to the moon impossible, eh? And they rejected my masterpuss— my fifty-three word story, over which I had sweated so many months!...It’s about time you took a bath, Bloch-head… 
Who said that?...The money from my story was going to send me through Harvard! I guess I went mad, for—I kidnapped the editors. 
Wrong was the first. I caught him with a butterfly net. Then I sprinkled salt on the tails of Margulouse and Tahellenback. Under the name of Albert Einstein I was admitted to see Corwin Stinky. He thought I was a fan of his. I was, fanning him with a club. And the rest were just as easy. Bundling the six unconscious editors into my car, I drove back to Milwaukee. 
Here, in my basement, lay the rocket ship. 
Perhaps those of you who are interested in the more technical scientific details of space-flight will be interested in how I constructed this great machine. (Two “interested”s in the same sentence sound bad, I know. But I couldn’t think of a synonym for “interested,’ and Clark Ashton Smith has my dictionary.) For your benefit, the procedure was as follows. I got together a lot of stuff and tore it apart with some tools. Then I built a sort of thing with wheels on the side and stuck a mess of wires someplace so that the whatchamacallit wouldn’t you know when I pushed too hard on the jiggers. After that I constructed something very much like an airplane, only instead of wings I had several mechanisms instead of the wheels I would have used if I were only building a pair of roller-skates. Then, of course, all I had to do was to put in my levers, adjust my dials, and change my oil every two thousand miles (It rhymes, don’t it?). I also see my dentist twice a year. Anyhow, that’s how I built the rocket. I did a pretty good job of it, if I do say so myself—and I’m the only one who will say so. 
And there it was—(affectionate sigh) my rocket. Operated by atomic generators, electricity, gas, maid-service and towels free of charge, it was ready to leave. Cleverly I placed my six helpless passengers in the “space ship” as I brilliantly call it. The nose of the great rocket zoomed upwards and disappeared. Right through the first and second stories of the house, leaving quite a nasty hole. Even today we have to walk around it in our living-room. But the rocket was gone. 
Through a telescope I “borrowed” I followed its flight, saw it land on the moon's surface. Eagerly I sat at my radio set, which I’d “borrowed” for the next three days. It was attached by a special hook-up to the sending-set in the cabin of the rocket. 
Would I hear anything? Finally, one night, it came. 
“Hey!” said a voice. “Now look heah, Amos-” I turned the dials to another place. 
“Hey. there!” it came again. Ah, it was the voice of Leo Margulouse. “Is that you. Bloch—you rat? This is us, on the moon.” 
I chuckled, twirling my mousetrash—er. mustache. I anticipated his next words—how they were starving up there on that desolate orb; lonely, bewildered, frightened; six sad editors face to face to face with the terrifying reality of lunar solitude. The voice spoke. 
“See here, Bloch. We’ve been talking to the natives, and I want to thank you for what you did by sending us here. Next month we’re bringing out the first issue of Colossal Stories, featuring thought-variants under a new policy. Freddie Tremendous is starting a series called Is There Life on the Earth? and I’m doing a column on Mans Brain, If Any. 
“You’d love it up here, boy. The natives are all great science-fiction fans. They have six heads, you know; that means they can read six fantasy magazines at once. What a field! Tahellenback and Stinky are having great fun jumping into bottomless craters and coming out on the other side of the moon. Don’t worry about us; we’ll try to send you down our first issue. Goo’bye, now.” 
The radio voice was silent. I sat aghast. I’m always a little aghast after meals. A fine revenge this turned out to be! I send them to the moon and they immediately start science-fiction magazines up there! It just ghost to show how uncooperative some people will be. 
So I have decided to confess. It does not matter anymore. I caused their disappearance. Let the police come now. They cannot find me. No! They cannot find me! 
You see, I’m not really here. And besides, I hung myself twenty minutes ago.


The Secret of Sebek

I should never have attended Henricus Vanning’s costume ball. Even if the tragedy had not occurred, I would be better off had I refused his invitation that night. Now that I have left New Orleans I can view the episode in saner light, and I know that I made a mistake. The remembrance of that final inexplicable moment is a horror that I still cannot face with a rational mind, however. Had I suspected beforehand I might now be spared the recurrent nightmares which afflict me. 
But at that time of which I speak there was no premonition to guide me. I was a stranger in the Louisiana city, and very lonely. The Mardi Gras season served only to accentuate my feeling of utter isolation. During the first two evenings of celebration, tired from long vigils at the typewriter, I wandered alien and alone along the quaintly twisted streets, and the crowds that hustled by seemed to mock my solitude. 
My work at the time was very exhausting — I was doing a series of Egyptian stories for a magazine — and my mental state was a bit odd. During the day I sat in my quiet room and gave my mind over to images of Nyarlathotep, Bubastis and Anubis; my thoughts were peopled with the priestly pageantries of olden times. And in the' evenings I walked unknown amidst thoughtless throngs more unreal than the fanciful figures of the past. 
But enough of excuses. To be perfectly frank, when I left the house that third night after a weary day, I expressly intended to get drunk. I entered a cafe at dusk, dining lavishly with a bottle of peach brandy. The place was hot and crowded; the ribald, costumed masqueraders all seemed to be enjoying the reign of Momus. 
After a time this did not disturb me. Four generous goblets of the really excellent liqueur had set the blood running like elixir in my veins; bold, reckless dreams cascaded through my head. I now gazed at the impersonal swarms about me with new interest and understanding. They too were trying to escape tonight — escape from maddening monotony and humdrum commonplace. The fat man in the clown costume near by had looked silly an hour ago; now I seemed to sympathize with him. I sensed the frustration behind the masks these strangers wore; appreciated how valiantly they strove to find forgetfulness in the Mardi Gras. 
I would forget, too. The bottle was emptied. I left the cafe and once more walked the streets, but this time I no longer had any feeling of isolation. I strode along like the carnival king himself, and traded gibe for gibe with chance buffeters. 
Here memory is temporarily blurred. I went into a club lounge for scotch and soda, then continued on my way. Where my feet led me I cannot say. I seemed to float along effortlessly, but my mind was crystal clear. 
I was not thinking of mundane things. Through some quirk I recalled work again, and I contemplated ancient Egypt. Through crumbled centuries I moved, in visions of secret splendor. 
I lurched down a dim, deserted street. 
I walked through templed Thebes, while sphinxes stared. 
I turned into a lighted thoroughfare where revellers danced. 
I mingled with the white-clad acolytes adoring sacred Apis. 
The carousing mob blew paper trumpets, strewed confetti. 
To the shrill litany of lutes the temple virgins showered me with roses red as the blood of betrayed Osiris. 
Thus I passed through streets of saturnalia, my thoughts still wine-wafted and far away. It was all very much like a dream when at last I entered that obscure thoroughfare in the heart of the Creole district. Tall houses reared deserted on either side; darkened, dingy domiciles deserted by their owners, who minted with the merrymakers amidst more pleasant surroundings. The buildings were old; in the fashion of ancient days they stood narrowly together, row on row. 
They are like untenanted mummy cases in some forgotten tomb; they stand deserted by the maggot and the worm. From the steeply gabled roofs little black windows yawned. They are empty, like the eyeless sockets of a skull, and like a skull they too hide secrets. 
Secrets. 
Secret Egypt. 
It was then that I saw the man. Threading my way down that black and twisted street, I noticed a figure in the shadows before me. It stood silent, as though awaiting my approach. I endeavored to hurry past, but there was something about the motionless man which arrested my attention. He was dressed — unnaturally. 
Suddenly, shockingly, my drunken dreams were fused with stark reality. This waiting man was dressed like a priest of ancient Egypt! Was it hallucination, or did he wear the triple-crowned insignia of Osiris? That long white robe was unmistakable, and in his lean hands was the sceptred diadem of Set, the Serpent. 
Overcome with bewilderment, I stood stock-still and stared. He stared back, his thin, tanned face bland and expressionless. With a quick gesture, his right hand darted under his robe. I shrank back, as he withdrew it once more and pulled out — a cigarette, 
“Got a match, stranger?” asked the priest of Egypt. 
Then I laughed, remembered, and understood. Mardi Gras! What a scare he had given me, though! Smiling, my head suddenly clear once more, I extended my lighter. He used it, and as the flame flared upward, peered curiously into my countenance. 
He started, gray eyes evincing sudden recognition. To my astonishment, he spoke my name in interrogation. I nodded my head. “What a surprise!” he chuckled. “You’re the writer, aren’t you? I’ve read some of your recent stuff, but I had no idea that you were here in New Orleans.” 
I mumbled a few words of explanation. He genially interrupted. “That’s great luck. My name is Vanning — Henricus Vanning. I’m interested in the occult myself; we should have a lot in common.” 
We stood chatting for several minutes; or rather, he chatted and I listened, I learned that Mr. Vanning was a gentleman of means and leisure. He touched a bit glibly and flippantly on his studies in primitive mythology but expressed a patently genuine interest in Egyptian lore. There was mention of a social group whose mutual and private research in metaphysics might interest me. 
As if seized with sudden inspiration, he clapped me heartily on the back. “What are your plans for the evening?” he said. 
I confessed my predicament. He smiled. “Splendid! Just had dinner myself. I’m on the way back to the house now to play host. Our little group — I told you about them — is holding a costume ball there. Like to come along? Interesting.” 
“But I’m not in costume,” I protested. 
“Doesn’t matter. I think you’d particularly appreciate this affair. Most unusual. Come on.” He beckoned me to follow and started off down the street. I shrugged, but acquiesced. After all, I had nothing to lose, and my curiosity was aroused. 
As we walked, the garrulous Mr. Vanning carried on a smooth and intriguing conversation. He spoke in greater detail of his little “circle” of esoteric friends. I gathered that they rather ostentatiously referred to themselves as The Coffin Club and spent much of their time in pursuit of exotic and macabre phases in art, literature or music. 
Tonight, according to my host, the group were celebrating the Mardi Gras in their own unique fashion. Defying the conventional masquerade, all members and invited friends planned to come attired in supernatural garb; instead of the usual clowns, pirates, and Colonial gentlemen, they would represent the more outlandish creatures of fancy and myth. I would mingle with werewolves, vampires, gods, goddesses, priests and black magicians. 
I must confess that this news did not wholly please me. I never could stomach the pseudo-occultist or the quack devotee and metaphysicist. I dislike a bogus interest and a sham knowledge of legendry in others. Petty dabbling in spiritualism, astrology, and “psychic” charlatanry have always been repellent to my tastes. 
I feel that it is not good for fools to mock the old faiths and the secret ways of vanished races. If this was to be one of the usual groups of middle-aged neurotics and pallid-purple dilettantes, then I would spend a boring evening. But Henricus Vanning himself seemed to have more than a surface smattering of erudition. His cultured allusions to various myth-sagas in my stories seemed to hint at deep knowledge and sincere research that peered beyond the blacker veils of human thought. He spoke quite fluently of his delving into Manicheism and primal cult-ceremonials. 
I became so absorbed in his words that I failed to heed the direction in which he led me, though I know we walked for some time. When we drew up at last, it was to turn into a long, shrubbery-bordered walk which led to the doors of a well-lighted and imposing mansion. 
In simple truth, I must admit to being so seduced by Vanning’s picturesque statements, that I cannot remember a single concrete detail of the house’s exterior appearance or the environs in which it stood. Still bemused, I followed Vanning through the opened door and walked into — nightmare. 
When I stated that the house was brilliantly lighted, I meant just that. It was lighted — in flaming red. We stood in a hallway, a hallway of hell. Scarlet simitars of light scintillated from the surface of mirrored walls. Vermilion drapes cloaked inner entrances, and the crimson ceiling seemed to smolder with the crystalline carmine fires of ruby gas-torches that hung in blood-imbrued braziers. A Luciferin butler took my hat, handed me a goblet of cherry brandy. 
Alone in the red room. Vanning faced me, glass in hand. “Like it?” he inquired. “Cheery setting to put my guests in the mood. Little touch I borrowed from Poe.” 
I thought of the splendid Masque of the Red Death and winced inwardly at this crude and vulgar desecration. Still, this evidence of the man’s eccentricity did intrigue me. He was trying for something. I was almost moved when I lifted my glass to the pseudo-priest of Egypt there in that eery anteroom. 
The brandy burned. 
“Now — on to our guests.” He pushed a tapestry aside, and we entered the cavernous chamber to the right. Green and black were the velvet backgrounds of these walls, silver the candles that lighted the niches. The furniture, however, was modern and conventional enough; but when I first surveyed the throng of guests I felt for a moment as if I were again in dreams. 
“Werewolves, gods, and black magicians,” Vanning had said. There was more of understatement than exaggeration in that cryptic remark. The occupants of that room constituted a pantheon from all the hells. The orchestra at the corner of the room were dressed as skeletons, and some diabolically clever lighting arrangements made the fantasy uncomfortably real from a distance. The merrymakers circled the floor against the sinister background of ebon and emerald velvet. 
I saw an obscene Pan dancing with a withered night-hag; a mad Freya embracing a voodoo priest; a Bacchante clinging lecherously to a wild-eyed dervish from Item. There were arch-druids, dwarfs, pixies and kobolds, lamas, shamans, priestesses, fauns, ogres, magi, ghouls. It was a sabbat — a resurrection of ancient sin. 
Then, as I mingled with the throng and was introduced, the momentary illusion faded. Pan was merely a stout, rather puffy-eyed, middle-aged gentleman with an obvious paunch which no goatskin girdle could obliterate. Freya was a desperately-bright debutante, with the predatory slut-eyes of a common harlot. The voodoo priest was just a nice young man in burnt cork, with a slightly incongruous English lisp. 
I met perhaps a dozen guests, and quickly forgot their names. I was a trifle surprized by Vanning’s seeming superciliousness; he almost snubbed several of the more talkative. “Enjoy yourselves,” he called over his shoulder as he dragged me across the floor. “Those are the fools,” he confided in a lower voice. “But there are a few I want you to meet.” Over in the corner sat a little group of four men. All wore priestly raiment similar to Vanning’s own, in that religion dominated. 
“Doctor Delvin.” An old man, in Babylonian, almost biblical robes. 
“Etienne de Marigny.” Dark, handsome priest of Adonis. 
“Professor Weildan.” A bearded gnome in a dervish’s turban. 
“Richard Royce.” A young, bespectacled scholar, monkishly cowled. 
The foursome bowed courteously. Upon my being introduced, however, there was an immediate slackening of their reserve. They crowded about Vanning and me in a rather confidential way, while our host spoke softly in my ear. “These are the real members of the group I spoke about. I saw the way you looked at the others here, and I quite understand and agree with you. Those people are silly fools. We, here, are the initiates. Perhaps, then, you wonder at the reason for their presence. Let me explain. Attack is the best defense.” 
“Attack is the best defense?” I echoed, puzzled. 
“Yes. Suppose, now, that I and my friends here are really deep students of black magic.” There was a subtle suggestion in the way he breathed “suppose.” 
“Suppose that is true. Don’t you think that our society friends would object, gossip, investigate?” 
“Yes,” I admitted. “That sounds reasonable.” 
“Of course. That’s why we formulated our attack. By publicly proclaiming an eccentric interest in occultism, and showing it by giving these stupid parties, we are left quite unmolested to carry out our serious work by ourselves. Clever, eh?” 
I smiled in agreement. Vanning was no fool. 
“It might interest you to know that Doctor Delvin, here, is one of this country’s foremost ethnologists. De Marigny is a well-known occultist — you may remember his connection with the Randolph Carter case several years ago. Royce is my personal aide, and Professor Weildan is the Weildan, Egyptologist.” 
Funny, how Egypt kept recurring in the course of the evening! 
“I promised you something interesting, my friend, and you shall have it. First, though, we must endure these cattle for another half-hour or so. Then we’ll go up to my room for a real session. I trust you will be patient.” 
The four men bowed to me as Vanning again led me into the center of the room. The dancing had stopped now, and the floor was covered by little groups of idle chatterers. Demons drank mint juleps, and virgin sacrifices to the Magna Mater artfully applied their lipstick. Neptune passed me, with a cigar in his mouth. The merriment was shrill. Masque of the Red Death, I thought. Then I saw — him. 
It was all Poe, his entrance. The black and green curtains at the end of the room parted, and he glided in as though emerging from the hidden depths of the hangings rather than the door behind them. 
Silver candle-light silhouetted his figure, and as he walked a grisly nimbus seemed to cloak each movement. I had the momentary impression of gazing at him through a prism, since the strange lighting made him appear indistinct and sharply-etched in turn. 
He was the soul of Egypt. 
The long white robe concealed a body whose contours were elusively problematical. Taloned hands hung from swirling sleeves, and the jeweled fingers clasped a rod of gold, set with the seal of the Eye of Horus. The top of the robe terminated in a cape-collar of black; it stood, a stiffly hooded background for a head of horror. 
The head of a crocodile. The body of an Egyptian priest. 
That head was — awful. A slanted, saurian skull, all green and scaly on top; hairless, slimy, slick and nauseous. Great bony ridges socketed the ambered eyes, staring from behind a sickening sweep of long, reptilian snout. A rugose muzzle, with great champing jaws half opened to reveal a lolling pinkish tongue and scummy teeth of stiletto-like sharpness. The saber fangs seemed to move, but it was only a trick of the light. 
What a mask! 
I have always prided myself on a certain sensitivity. I can feel quite strongly. Now, gazing at that triumph of morbid mummery, I received a sensory shock. I felt that this masquer was real — more real than his less grotesque fellows. The very outlandishness of his costume seemed to carry added conviction when contrasted with the pitiful makeshift pretenses of those through which he walked. 
He seemed to be alone, nor did anyone attempt to converse with him in passing. I reached forward and tapped Vanning on the shoulder. I wanted to meet this man. Vanning, however, swung ahead to the platform, where he turned and spoke to the orchestra men. I glanced back, half intending to approach the crocodile-man myself. 
He was gone. 
I searched the crowd with eager eyes. No use. He had vanished. 
Vanished? Had he existed? I saw him — or thought I did — only for a moment. And I was still a little befuddled. Egypt on the brain. Perhaps I had been over imaginative. But why the odd flooding feeling of reality? 
These questions were never answered, because my attention was distracted by the performance on the platform. Vanning had started his half-hour of entertainment for the “guests.” He had told me it was a mere sop to conceal his real interests, but I found it more impressive than I expected. 
The lights turned blue — haggard, graveyard-misty blue. The shadows darkened to indigo blurs as the celebrants found seats. An organ rose from beneath the orchestra platform, and music throbbed. It was my favorite number — the superb and sonorously sepulchral Number One scene from The Swan Lake by Tchaikovsky. It droned, mocked, shrilled, blared. It whispered, roared, threatened, frightened. It even impressed and quieted the milling geese about me. 
There was a Devil Dance following; a magician, and a final Black Mass ritual with a really terrifying illusion of sacrifice. All very weird, very morbid, and very false. When the lights went up at last and the band resumed their places, I found Vanning, and we hastened across the room. The four fellow-researchers were waiting. 
Vanning motioned me to follow them through the curtains near the platform. We made our exits unobtrusively, and I found myself walking down a long, darkened hallway. Vanning halted before an oak-paneled door. A key flashed, grated, turned. We were in a library. Chairs, cigars, brandy — indicated in turn by our smiling host. The brandy — a fine cognac — momentarily sent my thoughts astray once more. Everything was unreal; Vanning, his friends, this house, the entire evening. Everything but the man in the crocodile mask. I must ask Vanning... 
Abruptly, a voice summoned me back to the present. Vanning was speaking, addressing me. His voice was solemn and held an unusual timbre. It was almost as though I was hearing him speak for the first time; as if this were the real man, and the other genial inhabitant of an open house merely a sham as insubstantial as the Mardi Gras costumes of the guests. 
As he spoke, I found myself the focus of five pairs of eyes: Delvin’s Celtic blue, Marigny’s penetrating Gallic brown, Royce’s bespectacled gray, Weildan’s deep umber, and the gun-metal pinpoints of Vanning himself. Each seemed to ask a question: 
“Do you dare?” 
But what Vanning said was much more prosaic. “I promised you an unusual time. Well, that’s what you’re here for. But I must admit that my motives are not altruistic alone. I — I need you. I’ve read your tales. I think you are a sincere student, and I want both knowledge and advice. That is why we five are admitting a comparative stranger to our secret. We trust you — we must trust you.” 
“You can,” I said, quietly. For the first time I realized that Vanning was not only earnest; he was nervous. The hand holding the cigar shook; perspiration gathered beneath the Egyptian hood. Royce, the scholarly student, was twisting the belt of his monkish costume. The other three men still watched me, and their silence was more disturbing than the unnatural earnestness in Vanning’ s voice. 
What was all this? Was I drugged, dreaming? Blue lights, and crocodile masks, and a melodramatic secret. Yet I believed. I believed, when Vanning pressed the lever in the great library table so that the false drawers beneath swung outward and revealed the gaping space within. I believed when I saw him hoist out the mummy case, with de Marigny’s aid. 
I became interested even before I noted the peculiarities of the case itself. Vanning went over to a shelf and came back with an armful of books. These he handed to me silently. They were his credentials; they confirmed all that he had told me. Nobody but a recognized occultist and adept could possess these strange tomes. Thin strips of glass protected the crumbling covers of the ill-famed Book of Eibon, the original editions of Cultes des Goules, and the almost fabulous De Vermis Mysteriis. 
Vanning managed a smile when he saw the light of recognition in my face. “We’ve gone in pretty deep these past few years,” he said. “You know what lies in these books.” 
I knew. I have written of De Vermis Mysteriis myself, and there are times when the words of Ludwig Prinn fill me with a vague fright and an indefinable repulsion. Vanning opened the latter volume. “You are familiar with this, I believe. You’ve mentioned it in your work.” 
He pointed to the cryptic chapter that is known as Saracenic Rituals. I nodded. I knew the Saracenic Rituals only too well. The account dealt with Prinn’s mysterious sojourn in Egypt and the Orient in what he claimed were Crusader days. 'There is revealed the lore of the efreet and the djinn, the secrets of the Assassin sects, the myths of Arabian ghoul-tales, and the hidden practises of dervish cults. I had found within it a great wealth of material on the legends of ancient Inner Egypt; indeed, much story material was culled from those tattered pages. 
Egypt again! I glanced at the mummy case. 
Vanning and the others watched me intently. At last my host shrugged. “Listen,” he said. “I’ll put my cards on the table. I — I must trust you, as I said.” 
“Go ahead,” I rejoined, impatiently. Such mystery of manner was irritating. 
“It all started with this book,” said Henricus Vanning. “Royce, here, dug it up for me. We got interested in the Bubastis legend, at first. For a while I contemplated some investigations in Cornwall — looking up the Egyptian ruins of England, you know. But then, I found a more fertile field in actual Egyptology. When Professor Weildan, here, went on his expedition last year, I authorized him to obtain anything of interest he might discover, at any price. He returned last week, with this.” 
Vanning stepped over to the mummy case. I followed. He didn’t have to explain further. One detailed inspection of that mummy case, combined with what I knew of the Saracenic Rituals chapter, led to an inference that was unmistakable. The hieroglyphs and markings on the case indicated that it contained the body of an Egyptian priest; a priest of the god Sebek. And Saracenic Rituals told its own story. 
For a moment I mentally reviewed my knowledge. Sebek, according to reputable anthropologists, was a lesser deity of Inner Egypt; a fertility god of the Nile. If recognized authorities be correct, only four mummies of his priesthood have ever been found; though numerous statuettes, figurines, and pictures in tombs testify to the veneration accorded this deity. Egyptologists have never fully traced the history of the god, though some unorthodox surmises and wild linkages have been made or hinted at by Wallis-Budge. 
Ludvig Prinn, though, had delved further. I recalled his words with an appreciable shudder. In Saracenic Rituals, Prinn spoke of what he had learned from Alexandrian seers; of his journeyings into the deserts and his secret tomb lootings in hidden valleys of the Nile. 
He told a tale, historically authenticated, of the Egyptian priestcraft and its rise to power — how the servants of the dark nature gods ruled the Pharaohs from behind the throne and held the land in their grip. For Egyptian gods and religions were based on secret realities. Strange hybrids walked the earth when it was young; gigantic, lumbering creatures — half-beast, half-man. Human imagination alone did not create the gigantic serpent Set, carnivorous Bubastis, and great Osiris. I thought of Thoth, and tales of harpies; thought of jackal-headed Anubis and the legend of werewolves. 
No, the ancients trafficked with elemental powers and beasts of the beyond. They could summon their gods, the humans with the heads of animals. And, at times, they did. Hence their power. In time, they ruled over Egypt; their word was law. The land was filled with rich temples, and every seventh man owed allegiance to the ritual bodies. Incense rose before a thousand shrines — incense, and blood. The beast-mouths of the gods hungered for blood. 
Well might the priests adore, since they had made strange and curious bargains with their divine Masters. Unnatural perversions drove the cult of Bubastis out of Egypt, and a never-mentioned abomination caused the symbol and story of Nyarlathotep to be forgotten. But ever the priests waxed stronger and bolder; their sacrifices more outrageous, and their rewards greater. 
For the sake of life everlastingly reincarnated, they pleasured the gods and assuaged their curious appetites. To safeguard their mummies with divine curses, they offered up scapegoats filled with blood. Prinn speaks of the sect of Sebek in particular detail. The priests believed that Sebek, as a fertility deity, controlled the sources of life eternal. He would guard them in their graves until the resurrection cycle was completed, and he would destroy their enemies who sought to violate their sepulchers. To him they offered virgin maidens, to be torn between the jaws of a golden crocodile. For Sebek, the Crocodile God of the Nile, had the body of a man, the head of a crocodile, and the lustful appetites of both. 
The description of these ceremonies is grisly. The priests all wore crocodile masks, in emulation of their Lord, for that was his earthly aspect. Once a year, they thought, Sebek himself appeared to the High Priests in the Inner Temple at Memphis, and then he too assumed the form of a man with a crocodile head. The devout believed that he would guard their graves — and countless screaming virgins died to support their faith. 
This I knew, and hurriedly recollected, while glancing at the mummy of the Priest of Sebek. Now I looked into the case and saw that the mummy had been unwrapped. It lay under a pane of glass, which Vanning removed. 
“You know the story, then,” he said, reading my eyes aright. “I’ve had the mummy here a week; it’s been chemically treated, thanks to Weildan, here. On its chest, though, I found this.” He pointed to an amulet of clear jade — a saurian figure, covered with ideographic images. 
“What is it?” I asked. 
“Secret code of the priesthood. De Marigny thinks it’s Nacaal. Translation? A curse — as the Prinn story has it — a curse on the heads of tomb looters. Threatens them with the vengeance of Sebek himself. Nasty wording.” 
Vanning’s flippancy was forced. I could tell that by the restless stirring of the others in the room. Doctor Devlin was coughing nervously; Royce twisted his robe; de Marigny scowled. The gnome-like Professor Weildan approached us. He glanced at the mummy for some time, as if seeking solution to a secret in those eyeless sockets that blindly brooded in the gloom. “Tell him what I think, Vanning,” he said, softly. 
“Weildan, here, has done some investigation. He managed to get this mummy in past the authorities, but it cost him plenty to do it. He told me where he found it, and it’s not a pleasant story. Nine of the caravan boys died on the return journey, though it may have been bad water that did that. The professor has gone back on us. I’m afraid.” 
“I have not,” interposed Weildan, sharply. “When I tell you to get rid of the mummy it is because I want to live. We had some notion of using it in ceremonials here, but this is not possible. You see, I believe in the curse of Sebek. You know, of course, that only four mummies of his priests have ever been found. That is because the others repose in secret crypts. Well, the four finders are all dead. I knew Partington, who found the third. He was investigating this curse myth quite thoroughly when he returned — but he died before publishing any reports. It was rather curious, his end. Fell off the bridge into a crocodile pit of the London Zoo. When they pulled him out, he was a mess.” 
Vanning looked at me. “Bogey man,” he said, deprecatingly. Then, in more serious tones, he continued. “That’s one of the reasons I asked you here to share this secret. I want your own opinion, as a scholar and occultist. Should I get rid of the mummy? Do you believe in this curse story? I don’t, but I have felt quite uneasy of late. I know of too many peculiar coincidences, and I have faith in Prinn’s veracity. What we intended to use the mummy for does not matter. It would have been a — a desecration great enough to anger any god. And I wouldn’t like to have a crocodile-headed creature at my throat. What do you say?” 
Abruptly, I remembered. The man in the mask! He had been dressed like a priest of Sebek, in emulation of the god. I told Vanning what I had seen of him. “Who is he?” I asked. “He should really be here. It makes things — appropriate.” 
Vanning’s horror was not feigned. I regretted having spoken, after observing his terrified reaction. “I never saw that! I swear I didn’t! We must find the man at once.” 
“Perhaps it’s a polite form of blackmail,” I said. “He may have the goods on you and Weildan and frighten you into paying hush money.” 
“Perhaps.” Vanning’s voice held no note of sincerity. He turned to the others. “Quickly,” he said. “Go back into the other room and look among the guests. Collar this elusive — stranger; bring him here.” 
“Police?” suggested Royce, nervously. 
“No, you fool. Hurry, all of you!” The four men left the room, and their footsteps echoed in the outer corridor as they receded. 
A moment’s silence. Vanning tried to smile. I was in a strange oblivious fog. The Egypt of my dreams — was it real? Why had that one glimpse of the mysterious man in the mask so impressed me? The priests of Sebek spilt blood to bind a bargain of vengeance; could they satisfy an ancient curse? Or was Vanning mad? 
A soft sound… 
I turned. And there in the doorway stood the man in the crocodile mask. “That’s the fellow!’’ I exclaimed. “That’s –’’ 
Vanning leaned against the table, his face the color of wet ash. He just stared at the figure on the threshold, but his tormented eyes telepathically conveyed a dreadful message to me. 
The man in the crocodile mask…nobody had seen him but myself. And I was dreaming of Egypt. Here, in this room, was the stolen mummy of Sebek’s priest. The god Sebek was — a crocodile-headed god. And his priests were dressed in his image — they wore crocodile masks. I had just warned Vanning about the vengeance of the old priests. He himself had believed and was afraid when I told him what I had seen. And now, in the doorway, stood the silent stranger. What was more logical than to believe it was a resurrected priest, come to avenge this insult to his kind? 
Yet I could not believe it. Even when the figure entered, sinister and still, I did not guess its purpose. Even when Vanning cowered and moaned against the mummy-case, I was not convinced. 
Then, everything happened so swiftly that I had no time to act. Just as I was about to challenge the unnatural intruder, doom was unleashed. With a darting, reptilian movement, the body beneath the white robe undulated across the room. In a second it towered above the cringing figure of my host. I saw clawing hands sink into sagging shoulders; then the jaws of the mask descended and moved. Moved — in Vanning’s quivering throat. 
As I leapt, my thoughts seemed sluggishly calm in contrast. “Diabolically clever murder,” I mused. “Unique death weapon. Cunningly contrived tooth mechanism in a mask. Fanatic.” 
And my eyes, in a detached fashion, observed that monstrous muzzle biting into Vanning’s neck. Moving, the squamous horror of the head loomed like a camera close-up. It took only a second, understand. Then, with sudden purpose, I had seized a sleeve of the white robe, and with my free hand wrenched at the mask of the murderer. 
The killer wheeled, ducked. My hand slipped, and for a moment rested on the crocodile snout, the bloody jaw. Then, in a flash, the invader wheeled and disappeared, while I was left screaming before the ripped and tattered body on the mummy case of Sebek. 
Vanning was dead. His murderer had disappeared. The house was crowded with revellers; I only had to step to the door and call for aid. I did not. I stood for one stark second in the center of the room, screaming, while my vision veered. Everything was swimming around and around — the blood-blotched books; the sere mummy, its chest now crushed and crimsoned by the struggle; the red, unmoving thing on the floor. All blurred before my eyes. 
I could see nothing but my right hand — the hand that had brushed the masked muzzle of the killer. There was blood on my fingers. I stared at it and shrieked. Then, and only then, did volition come to me. I turned and ran. 

I wish my tale could end there, but it cannot. There is a hideous conclusion to be drawn. It must be revealed so that I can know peace once more. 
I’ll be frank. I know it would make a better story if I had asked the butler about the man in the crocodile mask and heard him say that no such person entered the place. But this — God save me! — is not a story, but truth. 
I know he was there, and after I saw Vanning die I did not wait to interview another soul. I made that last desperate clutch at the masked murderer, then screamed and ran from the room. I rushed through the revellers on the floor without even giving an alarm, dashed out of the house and panted up the street. Grinning horror bestrode my shoulders and urged me on, until I lost all consciousness and ran blindly back to the lighted lanes and laughing throngs that dwelt smugly safe from the terrors I knew. 
I left New Orleans without investigating any further details. I purposely did not buy a paper, so that I do not even know if the police discovered Vanning’s body or investigated his death. I have never attempted to learn anything more, nor dare I. There might be a sane explanation for it all — and then, again... 
I prefer not to be sure. I desperately try to make myself believe that I was drunk; that the whole incident never happened, or if it did, that part of it was unreal. Even Vanning’s death I could bear, but not that legend of Sebek and the mummy-case of Sebek. I told Vanning the truth about that, and my belief has been hideously confirmed. 
Yes, I wish that the stranger In the crocodile mask had never existed; wish he was unreal. But I know otherwise. The stranger in the crocodile mask — of Egypt. I don’t care to write Egyptian stories anymore, now that I know. 
Knowledge came during that last moment, when I saw the stranger sink his curiously constructed crocodile muzzle in poor Vanning’s throat — sink in with saber-teeth slashing. It was then that I grabbed him for a moment before he slipped away; grabbed at him, screamed, and hysterically fled. The murderer was not a priest. 
Then I knew. Ancient evil of Egypt! Not legend, but truth! 
I grabbed him, in that horrible moment, by the bloody muzzle of the frighteningly realistic crocodile mask. Just a single moment of horrid contact, before he disappeared. But it was enough, because when I seized that bloody, reptilian muzzle, I felt beneath my fingers not a mask, but living flesh!

The Eyes of the Mummy

I may as well tell the truth. It’s easy enough to hint of “hideous horrors” and “forbidden mysteries” when dealing with fictional characters, but in a narrative where the protagonist is one’s self, there’s a difference — a dreadful difference. 
Nor can I hope to tell this story in the way I wish to tell it. My impulse is to set down that damnable revelation; to scream it out in all its mocking clarity that denies sanity to what is left of my life. But this I must not do, for without the proper explanation no one would understand me or believe. Then again, I must fight against the impulse for my own sake. I want to write, clearly and coherently, a natural exposition of all the events leading up to this evening. In that way alone can I restore my own shaken belief in my lucidity. 
The account properly begins on the day I decided to leave for Egypt. And yet, do you believe in Destiny? If so, then you will agree, as I do, that, there were dark roots in the past which nurtured tonight’s flowering of horror. 
Egypt had always fascinated me. Egypt, land of antique and mysterious secrets. I had read of pyramids and kings; dreamed of vast, shadowy empires now dead as the empty eyes of the Sphinx. It was of Egypt that I wrote in latter years, for to me its weird faiths and cults made the land an avatar of all strangeness. 
Not that I believed in the grotesque legends of olden times; I did not credit the faith in anthropomorphic gods with the heads and attributes of beasts. Still, I sensed behind the myths of Bast, Anubis. Set, and Thoth the allegorical implications of forgotten truths. Tales of beast-men are known the world over, in the racial lore of all climes. The werewolf legend is universal and unchanged since the furtive hinting of Pliny’s days. Therefore to me, with my interest in the supernatural, Egypt provided a key to ancient knowledge. 
But I did not believe in the actual existence of such beings or creatures in the days of Egypt’s glory. The most I would admit to myself was that perhaps the legends of those days had come down from much remoter times when primal earth could hold such monstrosities due to evolutionary mutations. 
Then, one evening in carnival New Orleans, I encountered a fearful substantiation of my theories. At the home of the eccentric Henricus Vanning I participated in a bizarre ceremony over the body of a priest of Sebek, the crocodile-headed god. Weildan, the archeologist, had smuggled it into this country, and we examined the mummy despite curse and warning. I was not myself at the time, and to this day I am not sure what occurred, exactly. There was a stranger present, wearing a crocodile mask, and events were precipitated in nightmare fashion. When I rushed from that house into the streets, Vanning was dead by the priest’s hand — or fangs, set in the mask (if mask it was). 
I cannot clarify the statement of the above facts; dare not. I told the story once, then determined to abandon waiting of Egypt and its ancient ways for ever. 
This resolve I have adhered to, until tonight’s dreadful experience has caused me to reveal what I feel must be told. Hence this narrative. The preliminary facts are simple; yet they all seem to imply that I am linked to some awful chain of interlocking experiences, fashioned by a grim Egyptian god of Fate. It is as though the Old Ones are jealous of my prying into their ways and are luring me onward to a final horror. After my New Orleans experience, after my return home with the resolution to abandon research into Egyptian mythology forever, I was again enmeshed. 
Professor Weildan came to call on me. It was he who had smuggled in the mummy of Sebek’s priest which I had seen in New Orleans; he had met me on that inexplicable evening when a jealous god or his emissary had seemed to walk the earth for vengeance. He knew of my interest, and had spoken to me quite seriously of the dangers involved when one pried into the past. 
The gnome-like, bearded little man now came and greeted me with understanding eyes. I was reluctant to see him, I own, for his presence brought back memories of the very things I was attempting to forget forever. Despite my attempts to lead the conversation into more wholesome channels, he insisted on speaking of our first meeting. He told me how the death of the recluse Vanning had broken up the little group of occultists that had met over the body of the mummy that evening. 
But he, Weildan, had not forsaken his pursuit of the Sebek legend. That, he informed me, was the reason he had taken this trip to see me. None of his former associates would aid him now in the project he had in mind. Perhaps I might be interested. I flatly refused to have anything more to do with Egyptology. This I told him at once. 
Weildan laughed. He understood my reasons for demurring, he said, but I must allow him to explain. This present project of his had nothing to do with sorcery, or mantic arts. It was, as he jovially explained, merely a chance to even the score with the Powers of Darkness, if I was so foolish as to term them such. 
He explained. Briefly, he wanted me to go to Egypt with him, on a private expedition of our own. There would be no personal expense involved for me; he needed a young man as an assistant and did not care to trust any professional archeologists that might cause trouble. His studies had always been directed in recent years toward the legends of the Crocodile Cult, and he had labored steadily in an effort to learn of the secret burial-places of Sebek’s priests. Now, from reputable sources — a native guide in his pay abroad — he had stumbled onto a new hiding place; a subterranean tomb which held a mummy of a Sebekian votary. 
He would not waste words in giving me further details; the whole point of his story was that the mummy could be reached easily, with no need of labor or excavation, and there was absolutely no danger, no silly truck about curses or vengeance. We could therefore go there alone; the two of us, in utter secrecy. And our visit would be profitable. Not only could he secure the mummy without official intervention, but his source of information — on the authenticity of which he would stake his personal reputation — revealed that the mummy was interred with a hoard of sacred jewels. It was a safe, sure, secret opportunity for wealth he was offering me. 
I must admit that this sounded attractive. Despite my unpleasant experience in the past, I would risk a great deal for the sake of suitable compensation. And then, too, although I was determined to eschew all dabbling in mysticism, there was a hint of the adventurous in this undertaking which allured me. 
Weildan cunningly played upon my feelings; I realize that now. He talked with me for several hours, and returned the next day, until at last I agreed. We sailed in March, landed in Cairo three weeks later after a brief stopover in London. The excitement of going abroad obscures my memory of personal contact with the professor; I know that he was very unctuous and reassuring at all times and doing his best to convince me that our little expedition was entirely harmless. He wholly overrode my scruples as to the dishonesty of tomb-looting; attended to our visas, and fabricated some trumped-up tale to allow the officials to pass us through to the interior. 
From Cairo we went by rail to Khartoum. It was there that Professor. Weildan planned to meet his “source of information” — the native guide, who was now admittedly a spy in the archeologist’s employ. 
This revelation did not bother me nearly as much as it might have if it occurred amid more prosaic settings. The desert atmosphere seemed a fitting background for intrigue and conspiracy, and for the first time I understood the psychology of the wanderer and the adventurer. 
It was thrilling to prowl through twisted streets of the Arab quarter on the evening we visited the spy’s hovel. Weildan and I entered a dark, noisome courtyard and were admitted to a dim apartment by a tail, hawk-nosed Bedouin. The man greeted the professor warmly. Money changed hands. Then the Arab and my companion retired to an inner chamber. I heard the low whisper of their voices — Weildan’s excited, questioning tones mingling with the guttural accented English of the native. I sat in the gloom and waited. The voices rose, as though in altercation. It seemed as though Weildan were attempting to placate or reassure, while the guide’s voice assumed a note of warning and hesitant fear. Anger entered, as Weildan made an effort to shout down his companion. 
Then I heard footsteps. The door to the inner chamber opened, and the native appeared on the threshold. His face seemed to hold a look of entreaty as he stared at me, and from his lips poured an incoherent babble, as though in his excited efforts to convey his warning to me he had relapsed into familiar Arabic speech. Because warning me he was; that was unmistakable. A second he stood there, and then Weildan’s hand fell on his shoulder, wheeling him around. The door slammed shut as the Arab’s voice rose high, almost to a scream. Weildan shouted something unintelligible; there was the sound of a scuffle, a muffled report, then silence. 
Several minutes elapsed before the door opened and Weildan appeared, mopping his brow. His eyes avoided mine. “Fellow kicked up a row about payments,” he explained, speaking to the floor. “Got the information, though. Then he came out here to ask you for money. I had to put him out the back entrance, finally. Fired a shot to scare him off; these natives are so excitable.” 
I said nothing as we left the place, nor did I comment on the hurried furtiveness with which Weildan hastened our way through the black streets. Nor did I appear to notice when he wiped his hands on his handkerchief and hastily thrust the cloth back into his pocket. It might have embarrassed him to explain the presence of those red stains… 
I should have suspected then, should have abandoned the project at once. But I could not know, when Weildan proposed a ride into the desert the follow morning, that our destination was to be the tomb. 
It was so casually arranged. Two horses, bearing a light lunch in the saddlebags; a small tent “against the midday heat” Weildan said — and we cantered off, alone. No more fuss or preparation about it than if we were planning a picnic. Our hotel rooms were still engaged, and not a word was said to anyone. We rode out of the gates into the calm, unrippled sands that stretched beneath a sky of bucolic blue. For an hour or so we jogged on through serene, if searing, sunlight. Weildan’s manner was preoccupied, he continually scanned the monotonous horizon as though seeking some expected landmark; but there was nothing in his bearing to indicate his full intention. 
We were almost upon the stones before I saw them; a great cluster of white boulders outcropping from the sandy sides of a little hillock. Their form seemed to indicate that the visible rocks formed an infinitesimal fragment of the stones concealed by the shifting sands; though there was nothing in the least unusual about their size, contour or formation. They rested casually enough in the hillside, no differently than a dozen other small clusters we had previously passed. 
Weildan said nothing beyond suggesting that we dismount, pitch the small tent, and lunch. He and I pegged in the stakes, lugged a few small, flat stones inside to serve as table and chairs; placing our pack-blankets as padding for the latter. Then, as we ate, Weildan exploded his bombshell. The rocks before our tent, he averred, concealed the entrance to the tomb. Sand and wind and desert dust had done their work well, hidden the sanctuary from interlopers. His native accomplice, led by hints and rumors, had uncovered the spot in ways he did not seem anxious to mention. 
But the tomb was there. Certain manuscripts and screeds bore testimony to the fact that it would be unguarded. All we need do would be to roll away the few boulders blocking the entrance and descend. Once again he earnestly emphasized the fact that there would be no danger to me. 
I played the fool no longer. I questioned him closely. Why would a priest of Sebek be buried in such a lonely spot? 
Because, Weildan affirmed, he and his retinue were probably fleeing south at the time of his death. Perhaps he had been expelled from his temple by a new Pharaoh; then, too, the priests were magic workers and sorcerers in latter days, and often persecuted or driven out of the cities by irate citizenry. Fleeing, he had died and been interred here. 
That, Weildan further explained, was the reason for the scarcity of such mummies. Ordinarily, the perverted cult of Sebek buried its priests only under the secret vaults of its city temples. These shrines had all been long destroyed. Therefore, it was only in rare circumstances like this that an expelled priest was laid away in some obscure spot where his mummy might still be found. 
“But the jewels?” I persisted. The priests were rich. A fleeing wizard would carry his wealth. And at death it would naturally be buried with him. It was a peculiarity of certain renegade sorcerous priests to be mummified with vital organs intact — they had some superstition about earthly resurrection. That was why the mummy would prove an unusual find. Probably the chamber was just a stone-walled hollow housing the mummy case; there would be no time to invoke or conjure any curses or other outlandish abracadabra such as I seemed to fear. We could enter freely and secure the spoils. In the following of such a priest there surely were several expert temple craftsmen who would embalm the body properly; it needed skill to do a good job without removing the vital organs, and religious significance made this final operation imperative. Therefore we need not worry about finding the mummy in good condition. 
Weildan was very glib. Too glib. He explained how easily we would smuggle the mummy case back wrapped in our tent folds; how he would arrange to smuggle both it and the jewels out of the country with the help of a native exporting firm. He pooh-poohed each objection that I stated; and knowing that whatever his personal character as a man might be he was still a recognized archeologist, I was forced to concede his authority. 
There was only one point which vaguely troubled me — his casual reference to some superstition concerning earthly resurrection. The burial of a mummy with organs intact sounded strange. Knowing what I did about the activities of the priests in connection with necromancy and sorcerous rituals, I was leery of even the faintest possibility of mishap. 
Still, he persuaded me at the last, and following lunch we left the tent. We found the boulders no great hindrance. They had been placed artfully, but we discovered their appearance of being firmly imbedded in rock to be deceptive. A few heavings and clearing away of minor debris enabled us to remove four great stones which formed a block before a black opening which slanted down into the earth. 
We had found the tomb! 
With the realization, with the sight of that gaping, gloomy pit before me, old horrors rose to mock and grin. I remembered all of the dark, perverted faith of Sebek; the mingling of myth, fable, and grimacing reality which should not be. I thought of underground rites in temples now given to dust; of posturing worship before great idols of gold — man-shaped figures bearing the heads of crocodiles. I recalled the tales of darker parallel worships, bearing the same relationship as Satanism now does to Christianity; of priests who invoked animal-headed gods as demons rather than as benign deities. Sebek was such a dual god, and his priests had given him blood to drink. In some temples there were vaults, and in these vaults were eidolons of the god shaped as a Golden Crocodile. The beast had hinged and barbed jaws, into which maidens were flung. Then the maw was closed, and ivory fangs fended the sacrifice so that blood might trickle down the golden throat and the god be appeased. Strange powers were conferred by these offerings, evil boons granted the priests who thus sated beast-like lusts. It was small wonder that such men were driven from their temples, and that those sanctuaries of sin had been destroyed. 
Such a priest had fled here and died. Now he rested beneath, protected by the wrath of his ancient patron. This was my thought, and it did not comfort me. 
Nor was I heartened by the noxious vaporing which now poured out from the opening in the rocks. It was not the reek of decay, but the almost palpable odor of unbelievable antiquity. A musty fetor, choking and biting, welled forth and coiled in strangling gusts about our throats. 
Weildan bound a handkerchief over his nose and mouth, and I followed suit. His pocket flashlight flicked on, and he led the way. His reassuring smile was drowned in the gloom as he descended the sloping rock floor which led into the interior passageway. 
I followed. Let him be the first; should there be any falling rock traps, any devices of protection to assail interlopers, he would pay the penalty for temerity, not I. Besides, I could glance back at the reassuring spot of blue limned by the rocky opening. But not for long. The way turned, wound as it descended. Soon we walked in shadows that clustered about the faint torch beam which alone broke the nighted dimness of the tomb. 
Weildan had been correct in his surmise; the place was merely a long rocky cavern leading to a hastily-burrowed inner room. It was there that we found the slabs covering the mummy case. His face shone with triumph as he turned to me and pointed excitedly. 
It was easy — much too easy, I realize now. But we suspected nothing. Even I was beginning to lose my initial qualms. After all, this was proving to be a very prosaic business; the only unnerving element was the gloom — and one would encounter such in any ordinary mining shaft. I lost all fear, finally. Weildan and I tilted the rock slabs to the floor, stared at the handsome mummy case beneath. We eased it out and stood it against the wall. Eagerly the professor bent to examine the opening in the rocks which had held the sarcophagus. It was empty. 
“Strange!” he muttered. “No jewels! Must be in the case.” 
We laid the heavy wooden covering across the rocks. Then the professor went to work. He proceeded slowly, carefully, breaking the seals, the outer waxing. The design on the mummy case was very elaborate, inlayed with gold leaf and silver patterns which highlighted the bronze patina of the painted face. There were many minute inscriptions and hieroglyphs which the archeologist did not attempt to begin deciphering. “That can wait,” he said. “We must see what lies within.” 
It was some time before he succeeded in removing the first covering. Several hours must have elapsed, so delicately and carefully did he proceed. The torch was beginning to lose its power; the battery ran low. The second layer was a smaller replica of the first, save that its pictured face was more exact as to detail. It seemed to be an attempt to duplicate conscientiously the true features of the priest within. 
“Made in the temple,” Weildan explained. “It was carried on the flight.” 
We stooped over, studying the countenance in the failing light. Abruptly, yet simultaneously, we made a strange discovery. The pictured face was eyeless! 
“Blind,” I commented. 
Weiland nodded, then stared more closely. “No,” he said. “The priest was not blind, if this portraiture is correct. His eyes were plucked out!” 
I stared into torn sockets which confirmed this gruesome truth. Weildan pointed excitedly to a row of hieroglyphic figures which ornamented the side of the case. They showed the priest in the throes of death upon a couch. Two slaves with pincers hovered over him. A second scene showed the slaves tearing his eyes from his head. In a third, the slaves were depicted in the act of inserting some shining objects into the now empty sockets. The rest of the series were scenes of funeral ceremonies, with an ominous crocodile-headed figure in the background — the god Sebek. 
“Extraordinary,” was Weiland’ s comment. “Do you understand the implication of those pictures? They were made before the priest died. They show that he intended to have his eyes removed before death, and those objects inserted in their place. Why would he willingly subject himself to such torture? What are those shining things?” 
“The answer must be inside,” I answered. 
Without a word, Weildan fell to work. The second covering was removed. The torch was flickering as it died. The third covering confronted us. In almost absolute blackness the professor worked, fingers moving deftly with knife and pryer as he broke the final seals. In the yellow half-light the lid swung up, open. 
We saw the mummy. 
A wave of vapor rose out of the case — a terrific odor of spice and gases which penetrated the handkerchiefs bound around nose and throat. The preservative power of those gaseous emanations was evidently enormous, for the mummy was not wrapped or shrouded. A naked, shriveled brown body lay before us, in a surprizing state of preservation. But this we saw for only an instant. After that, we riveted our attention elsewhere — upon the eyes, or the place where they had been. 
Two great yellow disks burned up at us through the darkness. Not diamonds or sapphires or opals were they, or any known stone; their enormous size precluded any thought of inclusion in a common category. They were not cut or faceted, yet they blinded with their brightness — a fierce flashing stabbed our retinas like naked fire. These were the jewels we sought — and they had been worth seeking. I stooped to remove them, but Weildan’s voice restrained me. 
“Don’t,” he warned. “We’ll get them later, without harming the mummy.” 
I heard his voice as though from afar. I was not conscious of again standing erect. Instead I remained stooped over those flaming stones. I stared at them. They seemed to be growing into two yellow moons. It fascinated me to watch them — all my senses seemed to focus on their beauty. And they in turn focussed their fire on me, bathing my brain in heat that soothed and numbed without scorching pain. My head was on fire. I could not look away, but I did not wish to. These jewels were fascinating. 
Dimly came Weildan’s voice. I half felt him tugging at my shoulder. “Don’t look.” His voice was absurd in its excited tones. “They aren’t — natural stones. Gifts of the gods — that’s why the priest had them replaced for eyes as he died. They’re hypnotic…that theory of resurrection...” 
I half realized that I brushed the man off. But those jewels commanded my senses, compelled my surrender. Hypnotic? Of course they were — I could feel that warm yellow fire flooding my blood, pulsing at my temples, stealing toward my brain. The torch was out now, I knew, and yet the whole chamber was bathed in flashing yellow radiance from those dazzling eyes. Yellow radiance? No — a glowing red; a bright scarlet luminance in which I read a message. 
The jewels were thinking! They had mind, or rather, a will — a will that sucked my senses away even as it flooded over me — a will that made me forget body and brain alike in an effort to lose myself in the red ecstasy of their burning beauty. I wanted to drown in the fire; it was leading me out of myself, so that I felt as though I were rushing toward the jewels — into them — into something else — 
And then I was free. Free, and blind in darkness. With a start I realized that I must have fainted. At least I had fallen down, because I was now lying on my back against the stone floor of the cavern. Against stone? No — against wood. That was strange. I could feel wood. The mummy lay in wood. I could not see. The mummy was blind. 
I felt my dry, scaly, leprously peeling skin. 
My mouth opened. A voice — a dust-choked voice that was my own but not my own — a voice that came from death shrieked, “Good God! I’m in the mummy’s body!” 
I heard a gasp, the sound of a falling shape striking the rocky floor. Weildan. But what was that other rustling sound? What wore my shape? 
That damned priest, enduring torture so that his dying eyes might hold hypnotic jewels God-given for the hope of eternal resurrection; buried with easy access to the tomb! Jeweled eyes had hypnotized me, we had changed forms, and now he walked. 
The supreme ecstasy of horror was all that saved me. I raised myself blindly on shriveled limbs, and rotting arms clawed madly at my forehead, seeking what I knew must rest there. My dead fingers tore the jewels from my eyes. 
Then I fainted. 
The awakening was dreadful, since I didn’t know what I might find. I was afraid to be conscious of myself — of my body. But warm flesh housed my soul again, and my eyes peered through yellowed blackness. The mummy lay in its case, and it was hideous to note the empty eye sockets staring up; the dreadful confirmation afforded by the changed positions of its scabrous limbs. 
Weildan rested where he had fallen, face empurpled in death. The shock had done it, no doubt. Near him were the sources of the yellow luminance — the evil, flaring fire of the twin jewels. 
That was what saved me; tearing those monstrous instruments of transference from my temples. Without the thought of the mummy mind behind them they evidently did not retain their permanent power. I shuddered to think of such a transference in open air, where the mummy body would immediately crumble into decay without being able to remove the jewels. Then would the soul of the priest of Sebek indeed arise to walk the earth, and resurrection be accomplished. It was a terrible thought. 
I scooped the jewels up hastily and bound them into my handkerchief. Then I left, leaving Weildan and the mummy as they lay; groping my way to the surface with the aid of illumination afforded me by matches. 
It was very good to see the nighted skies of Egypt, since dusk had fallen by this time. When I saw this clean dark, the full nightmare force of my recent experience in the evil blackness of that tomb struck me anew, and I shrieked wildly as I ran across the sand toward the little tent that stood before the opening. 
There was whisky in the saddlebags; I brought it out, and thanked heaven for the oil lamp I uncovered. I must have been delirious for a while, I think. I put a mirror up on the tent wall, and stared into it for a full three minutes to reassure myself as to identity. Then I brought out the portable typewriter and set it up on the table slab. 
It was only then that I realized my subconscious intention to set down the truth. For a while I debated with myself — but sleep was impossible that evening, nor did I intend to return across the desert by night. At last, some elements of composure returned. 
I typed this screed. 

Now, then, the tale is told. I have returned to my tent to type these lines, and tomorrow I shall leave Egypt for ever behind me — leave that tomb, after sealing it again so that no one shall ever find the accursed entrance to those subterranean halls of horror. 
As I write, I am grateful for the light which drives away the memory of noisome darkness and shadowed sound; grateful, too, for the mirror’s reassuring image that erases the thought of that terrifying moment when the jeweled eyes of Sebek’s priest stared out at me and I changed. Thank God I clawed them out in time! 
I have a theory about those jewels — they were a definite trap. It is ghastly to think of the hypnosis of a dying brain three thousand years ago; hypnosis willing the urge to live as the suffering priest’s eyes were torn out and the jewels placed in the sockets. Then the mind held but one thought — to live and usurp flesh again. The dying thought, transmitted and held by the jewels, was retained by them through the centuries until the eyes of a discoverer would meet them. Then the thought would flash out, from the dead, rotted brain to the living jewels — the jewels that hypnotized the gazer and forced him into that terrible exchange of personality. The dead priest would assume man’s form, and the man’s consciousness be forced into the mummy’s body. A demoniacally clever scheme — and to think that I came near to being that man! 
I have the jewels; must examine them. Perhaps the museum authorities at Cairo can classify them; at any rate they’re valuable enough. But Weildan’s dead; I must never speak of the tomb — how can I explain the matter? Those two stones are so curious that they are bound to cause comment. There is something extraordinary about them, though poor Weildan’s tale of the god bestowing them is too utterly preposterous. Still, that color change is most unusual; and the life, the hypnotic glow within them! 
I have just made a startling discovery. I unwrapped the gems from my handkerchief just now and looked at them. They seem to be still alive! 
Their glow is unchanged — they shine as luminously here under the electric torch as they did in the darkness – as they did in the ruined sockets of that shriveled mummy. Yellow they are, and looking at them I receive that same intuitive prescience of inner, alien life. Yellow? No — now they are reddening — coming to a point. I should not look; it’s too reminiscent of that other time. But they are, they must be, hypnotic. 
Deep red now, flaming furiously. Watching them I feel warmed, bathed in fire that does not burn so much as it caresses. I don’t mind now; it’s a pleasant sensation. No need to look away. 
No need — unless…Do those jewels retain their power even when they are not in the sockets of the mummy’s eyes? 
I feel it again — they must — I don’t want to go back into the body of the mummy — I cannot remove the stones and return to my own form now — removing them imprisoned the thought in the jewels. I must look away. I can type, I can think — but those eyes before me, they swell and grow…look away. 
I cannot! Redder — redder — I must fight them, keep from going under. Red thought now; I feel nothing — must fight… 
I can look away now. I’ve beaten the jewels. I’m all right. 
I can look away — but I cannot see. I’ve gone blind! Blind — the jewels are gone from the sockets — the mummy is blind. What has happened to me? I am sitting in the dark, typing blind. Blind, like the mummy! I feel as though something has happened; it’s strange. My body seems lighter. 
I know now. 
I’m in the body of the mummy. I know it. The jewels — the thought they held — and now, what is rising to walk from that open tomb? 
It is walking into the world of men. It will wear my body, and it will seek blood and prey for sacrifice in its rejoicing at resurrection. And I am blind. Blind — and crumbling! 
The air — it’s causing disintegration. Vital organs intact, Weildan said, but I cannot breathe. I can’t see. Must type — warn. Whoever sees this must know the truth. Warn. 
Body going fast. Can’t rise now. Cursed Egyptian magic. Those jewels! Someone must kill thing from the tomb. Fingers — so hard to strike keys. Don’t work properly. Air getting them. Brittle. Blind fumble. Slower. Must warn. Hard to pull carriage back, can’t strike higher case letters anymore, can’t capitalize, fingers going fast, crumbling away in air. in mummy now no air. crumbling to bits, dust fingers going must warn against thing magic sebek fingers grope stumps almost gone hard to strike damned sebek sebek sebek mind all dust sebek sebe seb seb seb seb se s sssssss s s s,,,,


Fane of the Black Pharaoh

“Liar!” said Captain Cartaret.
The dark man did not move, but beneath the shadows of his burnoose a scowl slithered across a contorted countenance. But when he stepped  forward into the lamplight, he smiled. “That is a harsh epithet, effendi,” purred the dark man. 
Captain Cartaret stared at his visitor with quizzical appraisal. “A deserved one, I think,” he observed. “Consider the facts. You come to my door at midnight, uninvited and unknown. You tell me some long rigmarole about secret vaults below Cairo, and then voluntarily offer to lead me there.” 
“That is correct,” assented the Arab, blandly. He met the glance of the scholarly captain calmly. 
“Why should you do this?” pursued Cartaret. “If your story is true, and you do possess so manifestly absurd a secret, why should you come to me? Why not claim the glory of discovery yourself?” 
“I told you, effendi,” said the Arab. “That is against the law of our brotherhood. It is not written that I should do so. And knowing of your interest in these things, I came to offer you the privilege.” 
“You came to pump me for my information; no doubt that's what you mean,” retorted the captain, acidly. “You beggars have some devilishly clever ways of getting underground information, don't you? So far as I know, you're here to find out how much I've already learned, so that you and your fanatic thugs can knife me if I know too much.” 
“Ah!” The dark stranger suddenly leaned forward and peered into the white man's face. “Then you admit that what I tell you is not wholly strange — you do know something of this place already?” 
“Suppose I do,” said the captain, unflinching. “That doesn't prove that you're a philanthropic guide to what I'm seeking. More likely you want to pump me, as I said, then dispose of me and get the goods for yourself. No, your story is too thin. You haven't even told me your name.” 
“My name?” The Arab smiled. “That does not matter. What does matter is your distrust of me. But, since you have admitted at last that you do know about the crypt of Nephren-Ka, perhaps I can show you something that may prove my own knowledge.” 
He thrust a lean hand under his robe and drew forth a curious object of dull, black metal. This he flung casually on the table, so that it lay in a fan of lamplight. Captain Cartaret bent forward and peered at the strange, metallic thing. His thin, usually pale face now glowed with unconcealed excitement. He grasped the black object with twitching fingers. 
“The Seal of Nephren-Ka!” he whispered. When he raised his eyes to the inscrutable Arab's once more, they shone with mingled incredulity and belief. 
“It's true, then — what you say,” the captain breathed. “You could obtain this only from the Secret Place; the Place of the Blind Apes where –” 
“Nephren-Ka bindeth up the threads of truth.” The smiling Arab finished the quotation for him. 
“You, too, have read the Necronomicon, then.” Cartaret looked stunned. “But there are only six complete versions, and I thought the nearest was in the British Museum.” 
The Arab's smile broadened. “My fellow-countryman, Alhazred, left many legacies among his own people,” he said, softly. “There is wisdom available to all who know where to seek it.” 
For a moment there was silence in the room. Cartaret gazed at the black Seal, and the Arab scrutinized him in turn. The thoughts of both were far away. At last the thin, elderly white man looked up with a quick grimace of determination. 
“I believe your story,” he said. “Lead me.” 
The Arab, with a satisfied shrug, took a chair, unbidden, at the side of his host. From that moment he assumed complete psychic mastery of the situation. “First, you must tell me what you know,” he commanded. “Then I shall reveal the rest.” 
Cartaret, unconscious of the other's dominance, complied. He told the stranger his story in an abstracted manner, while his eyes never swerved from the cryptic black amulet on the table. It was almost as though he were hypnotized by the odd talisman. The Arab said nothing, though there was a cheeray gloating in his fanatical eyes. 

2

Cartaret spoke of his youth, of his wartime service in Egypt and subsequent station in Mesopotamia. It was here that the captain had first become interested in archeology and the shadowy realms of the occult which surround it. From the vast desert of Arabia had come intriguing tales as old as time; furtive fables of mystic Irem, city of ancient dread, and the lost legends of vanished empires. He had spoken to the dreaming dervishes whose hashish visions revealed secrets of forgotten days and had explored certain reputedly ghoul-ridden tombs and burrows in the ruins of an older Damascus than recorded history knows. 
In time, his retirement had brought him to Egypt. Here in Cairo there was access to still more secret lore. Egypt, land of lurid curses and lost kings, has ever harbored mad myths in its age-old shadows. Cartaret had learned of priests and pharaohs; of olden oracles, forgotten sphinxes, fabulous pyramids, titanic tombs. Civilization was but a cobweb surface upon the sleeping face of Eternal Mystery. Here, beneath the inscrutable shadows of the pyramids, the old gods still stalked in the old ways. The ghosts of Set, Ra, Osiris, and Bubastis lurked in desert ways; Horus, Isis, and Sebek yet dwelt in the ruins of Thebes and Memphis or bided in the crumbling tombs below the Valley of Kings. 
Nowhere had the past survived as it did in ageless Egypt. With every mummy, the Egyptologists uncovered a curse; the solving of each ancient secret merely uncovered a deeper, more perplexing riddle. Who built the pylons of the temples? Why did the old kings rear the pyramids? How did they work such marvels? Were their curses potent still? Where vanished the priests of Egypt? 
These and a thousand other unanswered questions intrigued the mind of Captain Cartaret. In his new-found leisure he read and studied, talked with scientists and savants. Ever the quest of primal knowledge beckoned him on to blacker brinks; he could slake his thirsty soul only in stranger secrets, more dangerous discoveries. 
Many of the reputable authorities he knew were open in their confessed opinion that it was not well for meddlers to pry too deeply beneath the surface. Curses had come true with puzzling promptness, and warning prophecies had been fulfilled with a vengeance. It was not good to profane the shrines of the old dark gods who still dwelt within the land. 
But the terrible lure of the forgotten and the forbidden was a pulsing virus in Cartaret' s blood. When he heard the legend of Nephren-Ka, he naturally investigated. 
Nephren-Ka, according to authoritative knowledge, was merely a mythical figure. He was purported to have been a Pharaoh of no known dynasty, a priestly usurper of the throne. The most common fables placed his reign in almost biblical times. He was said to have been the last and greatest of that Egyptian cult of priest-sorcerers who for a time transformed the recognized religion into a dark and terrible thing. This cult, led by the arch-hierophants of Bubastis, Anubis, and Sebek, viewed their gods as the representatives of actual Hidden Beings — monstrous beast-men who shambled on Earth in primal days. They accorded worship to the Elder One who is known to myth as Nyarlathotep, the “Mighty Messenger.” This abominable deity was said to confer wizard's power upon receiving human sacrifices; and while the evil priests reigned supreme they temporarily transformed the religion of Egypt into a bloody shambles. With anthropomancy and necrophilism they sought terrible boons from their demons. 
The tale goes that Nephren-Ka, on the throne, renounced all religion save that of Nyarlathotep. He sought the power of prophecy and built temples to the Blind Ape of Truth. His utterly atrocious sacrifices at length provoked a revolt, and it is said that the infamous Pharaoh was at last dethroned. According to this account, the new ruler and his people immediately destroyed all vestiges of the former reign, demolished all temples and idols of Nyarlathotep, and drove out the wicked priests who prostituted their faith to the carnivorous Bubastis, Anubis, and Sebek. The Book of the Dead was then amended so that all references to the Pharaoh Nephren-Ka and his accursed cults were deleted. Thus, argues the legend, the furtive faith was lost to reputable history. As to Nephren-Ka himself, a strange account is given of his end. 
The story ran that the dethroned Pharaoh fled to a spot adjacent to what is now the modern city of Cairo. Here it was his intention to embark with his remaining followers for a “westward isle.” Historians believe that this “isle” was Britain, where some of the fleeing priests of Bubastis actually settled. 
But the Pharaoh was attacked and surrounded, his escape blocked. It was then that he had constructed a secret underground tomb, in which he caused himself and his followers to be interred alive. With him, in this vivisepulture, he took all his treasure and magical secrets, so that nothing would remain for his enemies to profit by. So cleverly did his remaining devotees contrive this secret crypt that the attackers were never able to discover the resting place of the Black Pharaoh. 
Thus the legend rests. According to common currency, the fable was handed down by the few remaining priests who actually stayed on the surface to seal the secret place; they and their descendants were believed to have perpetuated the story and the old faith of evil. 
Following up this exceedingly unusual story, Cartaret delved into the old tomes of the time. During a trip to London he was fortunate enough to be allowed an inspection of the unhallowed and archaic Necronomicon of Abdul Alhazred. In it were further emendations. One of his influential friends in the Home Office, hearing of his interest, managed to obtain for him a portion of Ludvig Prinn's evil and blasphemous De Vermis Mysteriis, known more familiarly to students of recondite arcana as Mysteries of the Worm. Here, in that greatly disputed chapter on oriental myth entitled Saracenic Rituals, Cartaret found still more concrete elaborations of the Nephren-Ka tale. 
Prinn, who consorted with the mediaeval seers and prophets of Saracen times in Egypt, gave a good deal of prominence to the whispered hints of Alexandrian necromancers and adepts. They knew the story of Nephren-Ka, and alluded to him as the Black Pharaoh. 
Prinn's account of the Pharaoh's death was much more elaborate. He claimed that the secret tomb lay directly beneath Cairo itself, and professed to believe that it had been opened and reached. He hinted at the cult survival mentioned in the popular tales; spoke of a renegade group of descendants whose priestly ancestors had interred the rest alive. They were said to perpetuate the evil faith, and to act as guardians of the dead Nephren-Ka and his buried brethren, in case some interloper discover and violate his resting place in the crypt. After the regular cycle of seven thousand years, the Black Pharaoh and his band would then arise once more and restore the dark glory of the ancient faith. 
The crypt itself, if Prinn is to be believed, was a most unusual place. Nephren-Ka's servants and slaves had built him a mighty sepulcher, and the burrows were filled with the rich treasure of his reign. All of the sacred images were there, and the jeweled books of esoteric wisdom reposed within. Most peculiarly, the account dwelt on Nephren-Ka's search for the Truth and the Power of Prophecy. It was said that before he died down in the darkness, he conjured up the earthly image of Nyarlathotep in a final gigantic sacrifice; and that the god granted him his desires. Nephren-Ka had stood before the images of the Blind Ape of Truth and received the gift of divination over the gory bodies of a hundred willing victims. Then, in nightmare manner, Prinn recounts that the entombed Pharaoh wandered among his dead companions and inscribed on the twisted walls of his tomb the secrets of the future. In pictures and ideographs he wrote the history of days to come, revelling in omniscient knowledge till the end. He scrawled the destinies of kings to come; painted the triumphs and the dooms of unborn empires. Then, as the blackness of death shrouded his sight, and palsy wrenched the brush from his fingers, he took himself in peace to his sarcophagus, and there died. 
So said Ludvig Prinn, he that consorted with ancient seers. Nephren-Ka lay in his buried burrows, guarded by the priestly cult that still survived on Earth, and further protected by enchantments in his tomb below. He had fulfilled his desires at the end — he had known Truth and written the lore of the future on the nighted walls of his own catacomb. 
Cartaret had read all this with conflicting emotions. How he would like to find that tomb, if it existed! What a sensation — he would revolutionize anthropology, ethnology! 
Of course, the legend had its absurd points. Cartaret, for all his research, was not superstitious. He didn't believe the bogus balderdash about Nyarlathotep, the Blind Ape of Truth, or the priestly cult. That part about the gift of prophecy was sheer drivel. 
Such things were commonplace. There were many savants who had attempted to prove that the pyramids, in their geometrical construction, were archeological and architectural prophecies of days to come. With elaborate and convincing skill, they attempted to show that, symbolically interpreted, the great tombs held the key to history, that they allegorically foretold the Middle Ages, the Renaissance, the Great War. 
This, Cartaret believed, was rubbish. And the utterly absurd notion that a dying fanatic had been gifted with prophetic power and scrawled the future history of the world on his tomb as a last gesture before death — that was impossible to swallow. 
Nevertheless, despite his skeptical attitude, Captain Cartaret wanted to find the tomb, if it existed. He had returned to Egypt with that intention, and immediately set to work. So far he had a number of clues and hints. If the machinery of his investigation did not collapse, it was now only a matter of days before he would discover the actual entrance to the spot itself. Then he intended to enlist proper Governmental aid and make his discovery public to all. 
This much he now told the silent Arab who had come out of the night with a strange proposal and a weird credential: the seal of the Black Pharaoh, Nephren-Ka. 

3

When Cartaret finished his summary, he glanced at the dark stranger in interrogation. “What next?” he asked. 
“Follow me,” said the other, urbanely. “I shall lead you to the spot you seek.” 
“Now?” gasped Cartaret. The other nodded. “But — it's too sudden! I mean, the whole tiling is like a dream. You come out of the night, unbidden and unknown, show me the Seal, and graciously offer to grant me my desires. Why? It doesn't make sense.” 
“This makes sense.” The grave Arab indicated the black Seal. 
“Yes,” admitted Cartaret. “But — how can I trust you? Why must I go now? Wouldn't it be wiser to wait, and get the proper authorities behind us? Won't there be need of excavation; aren't there necessary instruments to take?” 
“No.” The other spread his palms upward. “Just come.” 
“Look here.” Cartaret's suspicion crystallized in his sharp tones. “How do I know this isn't a trap? Why should you come to me this way? Who the devil are you?” 
“Patience.” The dark man smiled. “I shall explain all. I have listened to your accounts of the 'legend' with great interest, and while your facts are clear, your own view of them is mistaken. The 'legend' you have learned of is true — all of it. Nephren-Ka did write the future on the walls of his tomb when he died; he did possess the power of divination, and the priests who buried him formed a cult which did survive.” 
“Yes?” Cartaret was impressed, despite himself. 
“I am one of those priests.” The words stabbed like swords in the white man's brain. “Do not look so shocked. It is the truth. I am a descendant of the original cult of Nephren-Ka, one of those inner initiates who have kept the legend alive. I worship the Power which the Black Pharaoh received, and I worship the god Nyarlathotep who accorded that Power to him. To us believers, the most sacred truth lies in the hieroglyphs inscribed by the divinely gifted Pharaoh before he died. Throughout the ages, we guardian priests have watched history unfold, and always it has agreed with the ideographs on those tunneled walls. We believe. 
“It is because of our belief that I have sought you out. For within the secret crypt of the Black Pharaoh it is written upon the walls of the future that you shall descend there.” 
Stunning silence. 
“Do you mean to say,” Carteret gasped, “that those pictures show me discovering the spot?” 
“They do,” assented the dark man, slowly. “That is why I came to you uninvited. You shall come with me and fulfill the prophecy tonight, as it is written.” 
“Suppose I don't come?” flashed Captain Cartaret, suddenly. “What about your prophecy then?” 
The Arab smiled. “You'll come,” he said. “You know that.” 
Cartaret realized that it was so. Nothing could keep him away from this amazing discovery. A thought struck him. “If this wall really records the details of the future,” he began, “perhaps you can tell me a little about my own coming history. Will this discovery make me famous? Will I return again to the spot? Is it written that I am to bring the secret of Nephren-Ka to light?” 
The dark man looked grave. “That I do not know,” he admitted. “I neglected to tell you something about the Walls of Truth. My ancestor — he who first descended into the secret spot after it had been sealed, he who first looked upon the work of prophecy — did a needful thing. Deeming that such wisdom was not for lesser mortals, he piously covered the walls with concealing tapestry. Thus none might look upon the future too far. As time passed, the tapestry was drawn back to keep pace with the actual events of history, and always they have coincided with the hieroglyphs. Through the ages, it has always been the duty of one priest to descend to the secret tomb each day and draw back the tapestry so as to reveal the events of the day that follows. Now, during my life, that is my mission. My fellows devote their time to the needful rites of worship in hidden places. I alone descend the concealed passage daily and draw back the curtain on the Walls of Truth. When I die, another will take my place. Understand me — the writing does not minutely concern every single event; merely those which affect the history and destiny of Egypt itself. Today, my friend, it was revealed that you should descend and enter into the place of your desire. What tomorrow holds in store for you I cannot say, until the curtain is drawn once more.” 
Cartaret sighed. “I suppose that there is nothing else left but for me to go, then.” His eagerness was ill dissembled. The dark man observed this at once, and smiled cynically, while he strode to the door. 
“Follow me,” he commanded. 
To Captain Cartaret, that walk through the moonlit streets of Cairo was blurred in chaotic dream. His guide led him into labyrinths of looming shadows; they wandered through the twisted native quarters and passed through a maze of unfamiliar alleys and thoroughfares. Cartaret strode mechanically at the dark stranger's heels, his thoughts avid for the great triumph to come. 
He hardly noticed their passage through a dingy courtyard; when his companion drew up before an ancient well and pressed a niche revealing the passage beneath, he followed him as a matter of course. From somewhere the Arab had produced a flashlight. Its faint beam almost rebounded from the murk of the inky tunnel. 
Together they descended a thousand stairs, into the ageless and eternal darkness that broods beneath. Like a blind man, Cartaret stumbled down — down into the depths of three thousand vanished years. 

4

The temple was entered — the subterranean temple-tomb of Nephren-Ka. Through silver gates the priest passed, his dazed companion following behind. 
Cartaret stood in a vast chamber, the niched walls of which were lined with sarcophagi. “They hold the mummies of the interred priests and servants,” explained his guide. 
Strange were the mummy cases of Nephren-Ka's followers, not like those known to Egyptology. The carved covers bore no recognized, conventional features as was the usual custom; instead they presented the strange, grinning countenances of demons and creatures of fable. Jeweled eyes stared mockingly from the black visages of gargoyles spawned in a sculptor's nightmare. From every side of the room those eyes shone through the shadows; unwinking, unchanging, omniscient in this little world of the dead. 
Cartaret stirred uneasily. Emerald eyes of death, ruby eyes of malevolence, yellow orbs of mockery; everywhere they confronted him. He was glad when his guide led him forward at last, so that the incongruous rays of the flashlight shone on the entrance beyond. A moment later his relief was dissipated by the sight of a new horror confronting him at the inner doorway. 
Two gigantic figures shambled there, guarding either side of the opening — two monstrous, troglodytic figures. Great gorillas they were; enormous apes, carved in simian semblance from black stone. They faced the doorway, squatting on mighty haunches, their huge, hairy arms upraised in menace. Their glittering faces were brutally alive; they grinned, bare-fanged, with idiotic glee. And they were blind — eyeless and blind. 
There was a terrible allegory in these figures which Carteret knew only too well. The blind apes were Destiny personified; a hulking, mindless Destiny whose sightless, stupid groping trampled on the dreams of men and altered their lives by aimless flailing of purposeless paws. Thus did they control reality. 
These were the Blind Apes of Truth, according to the ancient legend; the symbols of the old gods worshipped by Nephren-Ka. 
Cartaret thought of the myths once more, and trembled. If tales were true, Nephren-Ka had offered up that final mighty sacrifice upon the obscene laps of these evil idols; offered them up to Nyarlathotep and buried the dead in the mummy cases set here in the niches. Then he had gone on to his own sepulcher within. 
The guide proceeded stolidly past the looming figures. Cartaret, dissembling his dismay, started to follow. For a moment his feet refused to cross that gruesomely guarded threshold into the room beyond. He stared upward to the eyeless, ogrish faces that leered down from dizzying heights, with the feeling that he walked in realms of sheer nightmare. But the huge arms beckoned him on; the unseeing faces were convulsed in a smile of mocking invitation. 
The legends were true. The tomb existed. Would it not be better to turn back now, seek sane aid, and return again to this spot? Besides, what unguessed terror might not lair in the realms beyond; what horror spawn in the sable shadows of Nephren-Ka's inner, secret sepulcher? All reason urged him to call out to the strange priest and retreat to safety. 
But the voice of reason was but a hushed and awe-stricken whisper here in the brooding burrows of the past. This was a realm of ancient shadow, where antique evil ruled. Here the incredible was real, and there was a potent fascination in fear itself. 
Cartaret knew that he must go on; curiosity, cupidity, the lust for concealed knowledge — all impelled him. And the Blind Apes grinned their challenge, or command. 
The priest entered the third chamber, and Cartaret followed. Crossing the threshold, he plunged into an abyss of unreality. The room was lighted by braziers set in a thousand stations; their glow bathed the enormous burrow with fiery luminance. Captain Cartaret, his head reeling from the heat and mephitic miasma of the place, was thus able to see the entire extent of this incredible cavern. 
Seemingly endless, a vast corridor stretched on a downward slant into the earth beyond — a vast corridor, utterly barren, save for the winking red braziers along the walls. Their flaming reflections cast grotesque shadows that glimmered with unnatural life. Cartaret felt as though he were gazing on the entrance to Karneter — the mythical underworld of Egyptian lore. 
“Here we are,” said his guide, softly. The unexpected sound of a human voice was startling. For some reason, it frightened Cartaret more than he cared to admit; he had fallen into a vague acceptance of these scenes as being part of a fantastic dream. Now, the concrete clarity of a spoken word only confirmed an eerie reality. 
Yes, here they were, in the spot of legend, the place known to Alhazred, Prinn, and all the dark delvers into unhallowed history. The tale of Nephren- Ka was true, and if so, what about the rest of this strange priest's statements? What about the Walls of Truth, on which the Black Pharaoh had recorded the future, had foretold Cartaret's own advent on the secret spot? 
As if in answer to these inner whispers, the guide smiled. “Come, Captain Cartaret; do you not wish to examine the walls more closely?” 
The captain did not wish to examine the walls; desperately, he did not. For they, if in existence, would confirm the ghastly horror that gave them being. If they existed, it meant that the whole evil legend was real; that Nephren-Ka, Black Pharaoh of Egypt, had indeed sacrificed to the dread dark gods, and that they had answered his prayer. Captain Cartaret did not greatly wish to believe in such utterly blasphemous abominations as Nyarlathotep. 
He sparred for time. 
“Where is the tomb of Nephren-Ka himself?” he asked. “Where are the treasure and the ancient books?” 
The guide extended a lean forefinger. “At the end of this hall,” he exclaimed. 
Peering down the infinity of lighted walls, Cartaret indeed fancied that his eyes could detect a dark blur of objects in the dim distance. “Let us go there,” he said. 
The guide shrugged. He turned, and his feet moved over the velvet dust. 
Cartaret followed, as if drugged. “The walls,” he thought. “I must not look at the walls. The Walls of Truth. The Black Pharaoh sold his soul to Nyarlathotep and received the gift of prophecy. Before he died here he wrote the future of Egypt on the walls. I must not look, in case I believe. I must not know.” 
Red lights glittered on either side. Step after step, light after light. Glare, gloom, glare, gloom, glare. The lights beckoned, enticed, attracted. “Look at us,” they commanded. “See, dare to see all.” 
Cartaret followed his silent conductor. 
“Look!” flashed the lights. 
Cartaret's eyes grew glassy. His head throbbed. The gleaming of the lights was mesmeric; they hypnotized with their allure. 
“Look!” 
Would this great hall never end? No; there were thousands of feet to go. 
“Look!” challenged the leaping lights. 
Red serpent eyes in the underground dark; eyes of tempters, bringers of black knowledge. “Look! Wisdom! Know!” winked the lights. 
They flamed in Cartaret's brain. Why not look — it was so easy? Why fear? Why? His dazed mind repeated the question. Each following flare of fire weakened the question. 
At last, Cartaret looked. 

5

Mad minutes passed before he was able to speak. Then he mumbled in a voice audible only to himself. “True,” he whispered. “All true.” He stared at the towering wall to his left, limned in red radiance. It was an interminable Bayeux tapestry carved in stone. The drawing was crude, in black and white, but it frightened. This was no ordinary Egyptian picture writing; it was not in the fantastic, symbolical style of ordinary hieroglyphics. That was the terrible part: Nephren-Ka was a realist. His men looked like men, his buildings were buildings. There was nothing here but a representation of stark reality, and it was dreadful to see. 
At the point where Cartaret first summoned sufficient courage to gaze he stared at an unmistakable tableau involving Crusaders and Saracens. Crusaders of the Thirteenth Century – yet Nephren-Ka had then been dust for nearly two thousand years! 
The pictures were small, yet vivid and distinct; they seemed to flow along quite effortlessly on the wall, one scene blending into another as though they had been drawn in unbroken continuity. It was as though the artist had not stopped once during his work; as though he had untiringly proceeded to cover this gigantic hall in a single supernatural effort. 
That was it — a single supernatural effort! 
Cartaret could not doubt. Rationalize all he would, it was impossible to believe that these drawings were trumped up by any group of artists. It was one man's work. And the unerring horrid consistency of it; the calculated picturization of the most vital and important phases of Egyptian history could have been set down in such accurate order only by a historical authority or a prophet. Nephren-Ka had been given the gift of prophecy. And so…
As he ruminated in growing dread, Cartaret and his guide proceeded. Now that he had looked, a Medusian fascination held the man's eyes to the wall. He walked with history tonight – history and red nightmare. Flaming figures leered from every side. 
He saw the rise of the Mameluke Empire, looked on the despots and the tyrants of the East. Not all of what he saw was familiar to Cartaret, for history has its forgotten pages. Besides, the scenes changed and varied at almost every step, and it was quite confusing. There was one picture interspersed with an Alexandrian court motif which depicted a catacomb evidently in some vaults beneath the city. Here were gathered a number of men in robes which bore a curious similarity to those of Cartaret' s present guide. They were conversing with a tall, white-bearded man whose crudely drawn figure seemed to exude an uncanny aura of black and baleful power. 
“Ludvig Prinn,” said the guide, softly, 	noting Cartaret's stare. “He mingled with our priests, you know.” 
For some reason the depiction of this almost legendary seer stirred Cartaret more deeply than any other hitherto revealed terror. The casual inclusion of the infamous sorcerer in the procession of actual history hinted at dire things; it was as though Cartaret had read a prosaic biography of Satan in Who's Who. 
Nevertheless, with a sort of heartsick craving his eyes continued to search the walls as they walked onward to the still indeterminate end of the long, red-illumined chamber in which Nephren-Ka was interred. The guide — priest, now, because Cartaret no longer doubted — proceeded softly, but stole covert glances at the white man as he led the way. 
Captain Cartaret walked through a dream. Only the walls were real now: the Walls of Truth. He saw the Ottomans rise and flourish, looked on forgotten battles and unremembered kings. Often there recurred in the sequence a scene depicting the priests of Nephren-Ka's own furtive cult. They were shown amidst the disquieting surroundings of catacombs and tombs, engaged in unsavory occupations and revolting pleasures. The camera-film of time rolled on; Captain Cartaret and his companion walked on. Still the walls told their story. 
There was one small division of the wall which portrayed the priests conducting a man in Elizabethan costume through what seemed to be a pyramid. It was eery to see the gallant in his finery pictured amidst the ruins of ancient Egypt, and it was very dreadful indeed to almost watch, like an unseen observer, when a stealthy priest knifed the Englishman in the back as he bent over a mummy case. 
What now impressed Cartaret was the infinitude of detail in each pictured fragment. The features of all the men were almost photographically exact; the drawing, while crude, was lifelike and realistic. Even the furniture and background of every scene were correct. There was no doubting the authenticity of it all, and no doubting of the veracity thereby implied. But — what was worse — there was no doubting that this work could not have been done by any normal artist, however learned, unless he had seen it all. Nephren-Ka had seen it all in prophetic vision, after his sacrifice to Nyarlathotep. Cartaret was looking at truths inspired by a demon... 
On and on, to the flaming fane of worship and death at the end of the hall. History progressed as he walked. Now he was looking at a period of Egyptian lore that was almost contemporary. The figure of Napoleon appeared. The battle of Aboukir…the massacre of the pyramids... the downfall of the Mameluke horsemen... the entrance to Cairo… 
Once again, a catacomb with priests. And three figures, white men, in French military regalia of the period. The priests were leading them into a red room. The Frenchmen were surprised, overcome, slaughtered. It was vaguely familiar. Cartaret was recalling what he knew of Napoleon's commission; he had appointed savants and scientists to investigate the tombs and pyramids of the land. The Rosetta stone had been discovered, and other things. Quite likely the three men shown had blundered onto a mystery the priests of Nephren-Ka had not wanted to have unveiled. Hence they had been lured to death as the walls showed. It was quite familiar — but there was another familiarity which Cartaret could not place. 
They moved on, and the years rushed by in panorama. The Turks, the English, Gordon, the plundering of the pyramids, the World War. And ever so often, a picture of the priests of Nephren-Ka and a strange white man in some catacomb or vault. Always the white man died. It was all familiar. Cartaret looked up and saw that he and the priest were very near to the blackness at the end of the great fiery hall. Only a hundred steps or so, in fact. The priest, face hidden in his burnoose, was beckoning him on. 
Cartaret looked at the wall. The pictures were almost ended. But no — just ahead was a great curtain of crimson velvet on a ceiling rack which ran off into the blackness and reappeared from shadows on the opposite side of the room to cover that wall. 
“The future,” explained his guide. And Captain Cartaret remembered that the priest had told how each day he drew back the curtain a bit so that the future was always revealed just one day ahead. He remembered something else, and hastily glanced at the last visible section of the Wall of Truth next to the curtain. He gasped. 
It was true! Almost as though gazing into a miniature mirror he found himself staring into his own face! Line for line, feature for feature, posture for posture, he and the priest of Nephren-Ka were shown standing together in this red chamber just as they were now. 
The red chamber…familiarity. The Elizabethan man with the priests of Nephren-Ka were in a catacomb when the man was murdered. The French scientists were in a red chamber when they died. Other later Egyptologists had been shown in a red chamber with the priests, and they too had been slain. The red chamber! Not familiarity but similarity! They had been in this chamber! And now he stood here, with a priest of Nephren-Ka. The others had died because they had known too much. Too much about what — Nephren-Ka? 
A terrible suspicion began to formulate into hideous reality. The priests of Nephren-Ka protected their own. This tomb of their dead leaders was also their fane, their temple. When intruders stumbled onto the secret, they lured them down here and killed them lest others learn too much. 
Had not he come in the same way? 
The priest stood silent as he gazed at the Wall of Truth. “Midnight,” he said softly. “I must draw back the curtain to reveal yet another day before we go on. You expressed a wish, Captain Cartaret, to see what the future holds in store for you. Now that wish shall be granted.” With a sweeping gesture he flung the curtain back along the wall for a foot. Then he moved, swiftly. 
One hand leapt from the burnoose. A gleaming knife flashed through the air, drawing red fire from the lamps, then sank into Cartaret' s back, drawing redder blood. With a single groan, the white man fell. In his eyes there was a look of supreme horror, not born of death alone. For as he fell, Captain Cartaret read his future in the Walls of Truth, and it confirmed a madness that could not be. 
As Captain Cartaret died he looked at the picture of his next hours of existence and saw himself being knifed by the priest of Nephren-Ka. The priest vanished from the silent tomb, just as the last flicker of dying eyes showed to Cartaret the picture of a still white body — his body — lying in death before the Wall of Truth.

Return to the Sabbath

It’s not the kind of story that the columnists like to print; it’s not the yarn press agents love to tell. When I was still in the Public Relations Department at the studio, they wouldn’t let me break it. I knew better than to try, for no paper would print such a tale. 
We publicity men must present Hollywood as a happy place; a world of glamor and stardust. We capture only the light, but underneath the light there must always be shadows. I’ve always known that — it’s been my job to gloss over those shadows for years — but the events of which I speak form a disturbing pattern too strange to be withheld. The shadow of these incidents is not human. 
It’s been the cursed weight of the whole affair that has proved my own mental undoing. That’s why I resigned from the studio post, I guess. I wanted to forget, if I could. And now I know that the only way to relieve my mind is to tell the story. I must break the yarn, come what may. Then perhaps I can forget Karl Jorla’s eyes…

The affair dates back to one September evening almost three years ago. Les Kincaid and I were slumming down on Main Street in Los Angeles that night. Les is an assistant producer up at the studio, and there was some purpose in his visit; he was looking for authentic types to fill minor roles in a gangster film he was doing. Les was peculiar that way; he preferred the real article, rather than the Casting Bureau’s ready-made imitations. We’d been wandering around for some time, as I recall, past the great stone Chows that guard the narrow alleys of Chinatown, over through the tourist trap that is Olvera Street, and back along the flophouses of lower Main. We walked by the cheap burlesque houses, eyeing the insolent Filipinos that sauntered past, and jostling our way through the usual Saturday night slumming parties. 
We were both rather weary of it all. That’s why, I suppose, the dingy little theatre appealed to us. ‘'Let’s go in and sit down for a while,” Les suggested. “I’m tired.” 
Even a Main Street burlesque show has seats in it, and I felt ready for a nap. The callipygy of the stage attraction did not appeal to me, but I acceded to the suggestion and purchased our tickets. We entered, sat down, suffered through two striptease dances, an incredibly ancient black-out sketch, and a “Grand Finale.” Then, as is the custom in such places, the stage darkened and the screen flickered into life. 
We got ready for our doze, then. The pictures shown in these houses are usually ancient specimens of the “quickie” variety; fillers provided to clear the house. As the first blaring notes of the soundtrack heralded the title of the opus, I closed my eyes, slouched lower in my seat, and mentally beckoned to Morpheus. I was jerked back to reality by a sharp dig in the ribs. Les was nudging me and whispering. 
“Look at this,” he murmured, prodding my reluctant body into wakefulness. “Ever see anything like it?” 
I glanced up at the screen. What I expected to find I do not know, but I saw — horror. 
There was a country graveyard, shadowed by ancient trees through which flickered rays of mildewed moonlight. It was an old graveyard, with rotting headstones set in grotesque angles as they leered up at the midnight sky. The camera cut down on one grave, a fresh one. The music on the soundtrack grew louder, in cursed climax. But I forgot camera and film as I watched. That grave was reality — hideous reality. 
The grave was moving! 
The earth beside the headstone was heaving and churning, as though it were being dug out. Not from above, but from below. It quaked upward ever so slowly; terribly. Little clods fell. The sod pulsed out in a steady stream and little rills of earth kept falling in the moonlight as though there were something clawing the dirt away... something clawing from beneath. 
That something — it would soon appear. And I began to be afraid. I — I didn’t want to see what it was. The clawing from below was not natural; it held a purpose not altogether human. Yet I had to look. I had to see him — it — emerge. The sod cascaded in a mound, and then I was staring at the edge of the grave, looking down at the black hole that gaped like a corpse mouth in the moonlight. Something was coming out. 
Something slithered through that fissure, fumbled at the side of the opening. It clutched the ground above the grave, and in the baleful beams of that demon’s moon I knew it to be a human hand. A thin, white human hand that held but half its flesh. The hand of a lich, a skeleton claw...
A second talon gripped the other side of the excavation top. And now, slowly, insidiously, arms emerged. Naked, fleshless arms. They crawled across the earth sides like leprous white serpents. The arms of a cadaver, a rising cadaver. It was pulling itself up. And as it emerged, a cloud fell across the moon-path. The light faded to shadows as the bulky head and shoulders came into view. One could see nothing, and one was thankful. 
But the cloud was falling away from the moon now. In a second the face would be revealed. The face of the thing from the grave, the resurrected visage of that which should be rotted in death —what would it be? 
The shadows fell back. A figure rose 	out of the grave, and the face turned toward me. I looked and saw – 
Well, you’ve been to “horror pictures.” You know what one usually sees. The “ape-man,” or the “maniac” or the “death’s-head.” The papier-mâché grotesquerie of the make-up artist. The “skull” of the dead. I saw none of that. Instead, there was horror. It was the face of a child, I thought, at first; no, not a child, but a man with a child’s soul. The face of a poet, perhaps, unwrinkled and calm. Long hair framed a high forehead; crescent eyebrows tilted over closed lids. The nose and mouth were thin and finely chiseled. Over the entire countenance was written an unearthly peace. It was as though the man were in a sleep of somnambulism or catalepsy. And then the face grew larger, the moonlight brighter, and I saw — more. 
The sharper light disclosed tiny touches of evil. The thin lips were fretted, maggot-kissed. The nose had crumbled at the nostrils. The forehead was flaked with putrefaction, and the dark hair was dead, encrusted with slime. There were shadows in the bony ridges beneath the closed eyes. Even now, the skeletal arms were up, and bony fingers brushed at those dead pits as the rotted lids fluttered apart. The eyes opened. 
They were wide, staring, flaming — and in them was the grave. They were eyes that had closed in death and opened in the coffin under earth. They were eyes that had seen the body rot and the soul depart to mingle in worm-ravened darkness below. They were eyes that held an alien life, a life so dreadful as to animate the cadaver’s body and force it to claw its way back to outer earth. They were hungry eyes — triumphant, now, as they gazed in graveyard moonlight on a world they had never known before. They hungered for the world as only Death can hunger for Life. And they blazed out of the corpse-pallid face in icy joy. 
Then the cadaver began to walk. It lurched between the graves, lumbered before ancient tombs. It shambled through the forest night until it reached a road. Then it turned up that road slowly…slowly. 
And the hunger in those eyes flamed again as the lights of a city flared below. Death was preparing to mingle with men. 

2

I sat through all this entranced. Only a few minutes had elapsed, but I felt as though uncounted ages had passed unheeded. The film went on. Les and I didn’t exchange a word, but we watched. The plot was rather routine after that. The dead man was a scientist whose wife had been stolen from him by a young doctor. The doctor had tended him in his last illness and unwittingly administered a powerful narcotic with cataleptic effects. 
The dialog was foreign and I could not place it. All of the actors were unfamiliar to me, and the setting and photography was quite unusual; unorthodox treatment as in The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and other psychological films. 
There was one scene where the living-dead man became enthroned as arch-priest at a Black Mass ceremonial, and there was a little child…His eyes as he plunged the knife…
He kept — decaying throughout the film... the Black Mass worshippers knew him as an emissary of Satan, and they kidnapped the wife as sacrifice for his own resurrection…the scene with the hysterical woman when she saw and recognized her husband for the first time, and the deep, evil whispering voice in which he revealed his secret to her – the final pursuit of the devil  worshippers to the great altar-stone in the mountains...the death of the resurrected one. 
Almost a skeleton in fact now, riddled by bullets and shot from the weapons of the doctor and his neighbors, the dead one crumbled and fell from his seat on the altar-stone. And as those eyes glazed in second death the deep voice boomed out in a prayer to Sathanas. The lich crawled across the ground to the ritual fire, drew painfully erect, and tottered into the flames. And as it stood weaving for a moment in the blaze the lips moved again in infernal prayer, and the eyes implored not the skies, but the earth. The ground opened in a final flash of fire, and the charred corpse fell through. The Master claimed his own. 
It was grotesque, almost a fairy tale in its triteness. When the film had flickered off and the orchestra blared the opening for the next “flesh show” we rose in our seats, conscious once more of our surroundings. The rest of the mongrel audience seemed to be in a stupor almost equal to our own. Wide-eyed Japanese sat staring in the darkness; Filipinos muttered covertly to one another; even the drunken laborers seemed incapable of greeting the “Grand Opening” with their usual ribald hoots. 
Trite and grotesque the plot of the film may have been, but the actor who played the lead had instilled it with ghastly reality. He had been dead; his eyes knew. And the voice was the voice of Lazarus awakened. Les and I had no need to exchange words. We both felt it. I followed him silently as he went up the stairs to the manager’s office. 
Edward Reich was glowering over the desk. He showed no pleasure at seeing us barge in. When Les asked him where he had procured the film for this evening and what its name was, he opened his mouth and emitted a cascade of curses. We learned that Return to the Sabbath had been sent over by a cheap agency from out Inglewood way, that a Western had been expected, and the “damned foreign junk” substituted by mistake. A hell of a picture this was, for a girl-show! Gave the audience the lousy creeps, and it wasn’t even in English! Stinking imported films! 
It was some time before we managed to extract the name of the agency from the manager’s profane lips. But five minutes after that, Les Kincaid was on the phone speaking to the head of the agency; an hour later we were out at the office. The next morning Kincaid went in to see the big boss, and the following day I was told to announce for publication that Karl Jorla, the Austrian horror-star, had been signed by cable to our studio; and he was leaving at once for the United States. 

3

It was a stroke of genius on Kincaid’s part. We all felt that way about the matter. Horror pictures were on the way in; Karloff and Lugosi were turning out their early numbers over at Universal and grossing big. Lionel Atwill was doing his usual villainy on several lots, and profitably so. Peter Lorre, the peer of them all, had just been signed for American films after his sensational performances as the psychopathic murderer in M and his gruesome spy portrayal in The Man Who Knew Too Much. 
And we knew that Karl Jorla topped them all. If the fans were really sincere in their liking for the macabre, they were going to get the genuine article. Not since Lon Chaney had I seen such consummate artistry; certainly this man was Chaney’s superior in that he had a sincerity which out-distanced the horror of mere make-up tricks. 
I printed these items, gave all the build-up I could. But after the initial announcements I was stopped dead. Everything had happened too swiftly; we knew nothing about this man Jorla, really. Subsequent cables to Austrian and German studios failed to disclose any information about the fellow’s private life. He had evidently never played in any film prior to Return to the Sabbath. He was utterly unknown. The film had never been shown greatly abroad, and it was only by mistake that the Inglewood agency has obtained a copy and run it here in the United States. Audience reaction could not be learned, and the film was not scheduled for general release unless English titles could be dubbed in. 
I was up a stump. Here we had the “find” of the year, and I couldn’t get enough material out to make it known! We expected Karl Jorla to arrive in two weeks, however. I was told to get to work on him as soon as he got in, then flood the news agencies with stories. Three of our best writers were working on a special production for him already; the Big Boss meant to handle it himself. It would be similar to the foreign film, because that “return from the dead” sequence must be included. 
Jorla arrived on October seventh. He put up at a hotel; the studio sent down its usual welcoming committee, took him out to the lot for formal testing, then turned him over to me. I met the man for the first time in the little dressing room they had assigned him. I’ll never forget that afternoon of our first meeting, or my first sight of him as I entered the door. What I expected to see I don’t know. But what I did see amazed me. Karl Jorla was the dead-alive man of the screen in life! 
The features were not fretted, of course. But he was tall, and almost as cadaverously thin as in his role; his face was pallid, and his eyes blue-circled. And the eyes were the dead eyes of the movie; the deep, knowing eyes! The booming voice greeted me in hesitant English. Jorla smiled with his lips at my obvious discomfiture, but the expression of the eyes never varied in their alien strangeness. 
Somewhat hesitantly I explained my office and my errand. “No pub-leecity,” Jorla intoned. “I do not weesh to make known what is affairs of mine own do-eeng.” 
I gave him the usual arguments. How much he understood I cannot say, but he was adamant. I learned only a little; that he had been born in Prague, lived in wealth until the upheavals of the European depression, and entered film work only to please a director friend of his. This director had made the picture in which Jorla played, for private showings only. By mischance a print had been released and copied for general circulation. It had all been a mistake. However, the American film offer had come opportunely, since Jorla wanted to leave Austria at once. 
“After the feelm app-ear, I am in bad lights weeth my — friends,” he explained, slowly. “They do not weesh it to be shown, that cere-monee.” 
“The Black Mass?” I asked. “Your friends?” 
“Yes. The wor-ship of Lucifer. It was real, you know.” 
Was he joking? No — I couldn’t doubt the man’s sincerity. There was no room for mirth in those alien eyes. And then I knew what he meant, what he so casually revealed. He had been a devil worshipper himself — he and that director. They had made the film and meant it for private display in their own occult circles. No wonder he sought escape abroad! 
It was incredible, save that I knew Europe, and the dark Northern mind. The worship of Evil continues today in Budapest, Prague, Berlin. And he, Karl Jorla the horror actor, admitted to being one of them! “What a story!” I thought. And then I realized that it could, of course, never be printed. A horror star admitting belief in the parts he played? Absurd! 
All the features about Boris Karloff played up the fact that he was a gentle man who found true peace in raising a garden. Lugosi was pictured as a sensitive neurotic, tortured by the roles he played in the films. Atwill was a socialite and a stage star. And Peter Lorre was always written up as being gentle as a lamb, a quiet student whose ambition was to play comedy parts. No, it would never do to break the story of Jorla’s devil-worship. And he was so damnably reticent about his private affairs! 
I sought out Kincaid after the termination of our unsatisfactory interview. I told him what I had encountered and asked for advice. He gave it. “The old Lon Chaney line,” he counseled. “Mystery man. We say nothing about him until the picture is released. After that I have a hunch things will work out for themselves. The fellow is a marvel. So don’t bother about stories until the film is canned.” 
Consequently I abandoned publicity efforts in Karl Jorla's direction. Now I am very glad I did so, because there is no one to remember his name, or suspect the horror that was soon to follow. 

4

The script was finished. The front office approved. Stage Four was under construction; the casting director got busy. Jorla was at the studio every day; Kincaid himself was teaching him English. The part was one in which very few words were needed, and Jorla proved a brilliant pupil, according to Les. 
But Les was not as pleased as he should have been about it all. He came to me one day about week before production and unburdened himself. He strove to speak lightly about the affair, but I could tell that he felt worried. The gist of his story was very simple. Jorla was behaving strangely. He had had trouble with the front office; he refused to give the studio his living address, and it was known that he had checked out from his hotel several days after first arriving in Hollywood. 
Nor was that all. He wouldn’t talk about his part or volunteer any information about interpretation. He seemed to be quite uninterested — admitting frankly to Kincaid that his only reason for signing a contract was to leave Europe. 
He told Kincaid what he had told me —about the devil worshippers. And he hinted at more. He spoke of being followed, muttered about “avengers” and “hunters who waited.” He seemed to feel that the witch cult was angry at him for the violation of secrets and held him responsible for the release of Return to the Sabbath. That, he explained, was why he would not give his address, nor speak of his past life for publication. That is why he must use very heavy make-up in his film debut here. He felt at times as though he were being watched or followed. There were many foreigners here…too many. 
“What the devil can I do with a man like that?” Kincaid exploded, after he had explained this to me. “He’s insane, or a fool. And I confess that he’s too much like his screen character to please me. The damned casual way in which he professes to have dabbled in devil worship and sorcery! He believes all this, and — well, I’ll tell you the truth. I came here today because of the last thing he spoke of to me this morning. 
“He came down to the office, and at first when he walked in I didn’t know him. The dark glasses and muffler helped, of course, but he himself had changed. He was trembling and walked with a stoop. And when he spoke his voice was like a groan. He showed me — this.” 
Kincaid handed me the clipping. It was from the London Times, through European press dispatches. A short paragraph, giving an account of the death of Fritz Ohmmen, the Austrian film director. He had been found strangled in a Paris garret, and his body had been frightfully mutilated; it mentioned an inverted cross branded on his stomach above the ripped entrails. Police were seeking the murderer… 
I handed the clipping back in silence. “So what?” I asked. But I had already guessed his answer. 
“Fritz Ohmmen,” Kincaid said, slowly, “was the director of the picture in which Karl Jorla played; the director, who with Jorla, knew the devil worshippers. Jorla says that he fled to Paris, and that they sought him out.” 
I was silent. 
“Mess,” grunted Kincaid. “I’ve offered Jorla police protection, and he’s refused. I can’t coerce him under the terms of our contract. As long as he plays the part, he’s secure with us. But he has the jitters. And I’m getting them.” 
He stormed out. I couldn’t help him. I sat thinking of Karl Jorla, who believed in devil gods, worshipped, and betrayed them. And I could have smiled at the absurdity of it all if I hadn’t seen the man on the screen and watched his evil eyes. He knew ! It was then that I began to feel thankful we had not given Jorla any publicity. I had a hunch. 
During the next few days I saw Jorla but seldom. The rumors, however, began to trickle in. There had been an influx of foreign “sightseers” at the studio gates. Someone had attempted to crash through the barriers in a racing car. An extra in a mob scene over on Lot Six had been found carrying an automatic beneath his vest; when apprehended he had been lurking under the executive office windows. They had taken him down to headquarters, and so far the man had refused to talk. He was a German. 
Jorla came to the studios every day in a shuttered car. He was bundled up to the eyes. He trembled constantly. His English lessons went badly. He spoke to no one. He had hired two men to ride with him in his car. They were armed. 
A few days later news came that the German extra had talked. He was evidently a pathological case... he babbled wildly of a “Black Cult of Lucifer” known to some of the foreigners around town. It was a secret society purporting to worship the Devil, with vague connections in the mother countries. He had been “chosen” to avenge a wrong. More than that he dared not say, but he did give an address where the police might find cult headquarters. The place, a dingy house in Glendale, was quite deserted, of course. It was a strange old house with a secret cellar beneath the basement, but everything seemed to have been abandoned. The man was being held for examination by a psychiatrist. 
I heard this report with deep misgivings. I knew something of Los Angeles’ and Hollywood’s heterogeneous foreign population; God knows. Southern California has attracted mystics and occultists from all over the world. I've even heard rumors about stars being mixed up in unsavory secret societies, things one would never dare to admit in print. And Jorla was afraid. 
That afternoon I tried to trail his black car as it left the studio for his mysterious home, but I lost the track in the winding readies of Topanga Canyon. It had disappeared into the secret twilight of the purple hills, and I knew then that there was nothing I could do. Jorla had his own defenses, and if they failed, we at the studio could not help. 
That was the evening he disappeared. At least he did not show up the next morning at the studio, and production was to start in two days. We heard about it. The boss and Kincaid were frantic. The police were called in, and I did my best to hush things up. When Jorla did not appear the following morning I went to Kincaid and told him about my following the car to Topanga Canyon. The police went to work. Next morning was production. 
We spent a sleepless night of fruitless vigil. There was no word. Morning came, and there was unspoken dread in Kincaid’s eyes as he faced me across the office table. Eight o’clock. We got up and walked silently across the lot to the studio cafeteria. Black coffee was badly needed; we hadn’t had a police report for hours. We passed Stage Four, where the Jorla crew was at work. The noise of hammers was mockery. Jorla, we felt, would never face a camera today, if ever. 
Bleskind, the director of the untitled horror opus, came out of the Stage office as we passed. His paunchy body quivered as he grasped Kincaid’s lapels and piped, “Any news?” 
Kincaid shook his head slowly. Bleskind thrust a cigar into his tense mouth. “We’re shooting ahead,” he snapped. “We’ll shoot around Jorla. If he doesn’t show up when we finish the scenes in which he won’t appear, we’ll get another actor. But we can’t wait.” The squat director bustled back to the Stage. 
Moved by a sudden impulse, Kincaid grasped my arm and propelled me after Bleskind’ s waddling form. “Let’s see the opening shots,” he suggested. “I want to see what kind of a story they’ve given him.” 
We entered Stage Four. 
A Gothic Castle, the ancestral home of Baron Ulmo. A dark, gloomy stone crypt of spidery horror. Cobwebbed, dust-shrouded, deserted by men and given over to the rats by day and the unearthly horrors that crept by night. An altar stood by the crypt, an altar of evil, the great black stone on which the ancient Baron Ulmo and his devil cult had held their sacrifices. Now, in the pit beneath the altar, the Baron lay buried. Such was the legend. 
According to the first shot scheduled, Sylvia Chandling, the heroine, was exploring the castle. She had inherited the place and taken it over with her young husband. In this scene she was to see the altar for the first time, read the inscription on its base. This inscription was to prove an unwitting invocation, opening up the crypt beneath the altar and awakening Jorla, as Baron Ulmo, from the dead. He was to rise from the crypt then and walk. It was at this point that the scene would terminate, due to Jorla’ s strange absence. 
The setting was magnificently handled. Kincaid and I took our places beside Director Bleskind as the shot opened. Sylvia Channing walked out on the set; the signals were given, lights flashed, and the action began. 
It was pantomimic. Sylvia walked across the cobwebbed floor, noticed the altar, examined it. She stooped to read the inscription, then whispered it aloud. There was a drone, as the opening of the altar crypt was mechanically begun. The altar swung aside, and the black gaping pit was revealed. The upper cameras swung to Sylvia’s face. She was to stare at the crypt in horror, and she did it most magnificently. In the picture she would be watching Jorla emerge. Bleskind prepared to give the signal to cut action. Then — 
Something emerged from the crypt! 
It was dead, that thing — that horror with a mask of faceless flesh. Its lean body was clothed in rotting rags, and on its chest was a bloody crucifix, inverted — carved out of dead flesh. The eyes blazed loathsomely. It was Baron Ulmo, rising from the dead. And it was Karl Jorla! 
The make-up was perfect. His eyes were dead, just as in the other film. The lips seemed shredded again, the mouth even more ghastly in its slitted blackness. And the touch of the bloody crucifix was immense. Bleskind nearly swallowed his cigar when Jorla appeared. Quickly he controlled himself, silently signaled the men to proceed with the shooting. We strained forward, watching every move, but Les Kincaid’s eyes held a wonder akin to my own. 
Jorla was acting as never before. He moved slowly, as a corpse must move. As he raised himself from the crypt, each tiny effort seemed to cause him utter agony. The scene was soundless; Sylvia had fainted. But Jorla's lips moved, and we heard a faint whispering murmur which heightened the horror. Now the grisly cadaver was almost half out of the crypt. It strained upward, still murmuring. The bloody crucifix of flesh gleamed redly on the chest. I thought of the one found on the body of the murdered foreign director, Fritz Ohmmen, and realized where Jorla had gotten the idea. 
The corpse strained up... it was to rise now – up, and then with a sudden rictus, the body stiffened and slid back into the crypt. 
Who screamed first I do not know. But the screaming continued after the prop-boys had rushed to the crypt and looked down at what lay within. When I reached the brink of the pit I screamed, too. 
It was utterly empty. 

5

I wish there were nothing more to tell. 
The papers never knew. The police hushed things up. The studio is silent, and the production was dropped immediately. But matters did not stop there. There was a sequel to that hideous horror on Stage Four. 
Kincaid and I cornered Bleskind. There was no need of any explanation; how could what we had just seen be explained in any sane way? Jorla had disappeared; no one had let him into the studio; no make-up man had given him his attention. Nobody had seen him enter the crypt. He had appeared in the scene, then disappeared. The crypt was empty. 
These were the facts. Kincaid told Bleskind what to do. The film was developed immediately, though two of the technicians fainted. We three sat in the projection booth and watched the morning’s rushes flicker across the screen. The soundtrack was specially dubbed in. That scene — Sylvia walking and reading the incantation — the pit opening — and God, when nothing emerged! 
Nothing but that great red scar suspended in midair — that great inverted crucifix cut in bleeding flesh; no Jorla visible at all! That bleeding cross in the air, and then the mumbling... 
Jorla — the thing — whatever it was — had mumbled a few syllables on emerging from the crypt. The soundtrack had picked them up. And we couldn’t see anything but that scar; yet we heard Jorla’s voice now coming from nothingness. We heard what he kept repeating, as he fell back into the crypt. 
It was an address in Topanga Canyon. 
The lights flickered on, and it was good to see them. Kincaid phoned the police and directed them to the address given on the soundtrack. We waited, the three of us, in Kincaid’s office, waited for the police call. We drank but did not speak. Each of us was thinking of Karl Jorla the devil worshipper who had betrayed his faith; of his fear of vengeance. We thought of the director’s death, and the bloody crucifix on his chest; remembered Jorla’s disappearance. And then that ghastly ghost-thing on the screen, the bloody thing that hung in midair as Jorla’s voice groaned the address.
The phone rang. 
I picked it up. It was the police department. They gave their report. I fainted. 
It was several minutes before I came to. It was several more minutes before I opened my mouth and spoke. “They’ve found Karl Jorla’s body at the address given on the screen,” I whispered. “He was lying dead in an old shack up in the hills. He had been — murdered. There was a bloody cross, inverted on his chest. They think it was the work of some fanatics, because the place was filled with books on sorcery and Black Magic. They say –” 
I paused. Kincaid’s eyes commanded. “Go on.” 
“They say,” I murmured, “that Jorla had been dead for at least three days.”

The Mandarin's Canaries

There was revelry in the garden of the Mandarin Quong; revelry as attested by the loud cries and supplications for mercy interspersed with high tittering of pleasure. 
The Mandarin was amusing himself today in a new fashion. Through the bamboos it could be seen that the stakes were bare, their rusty iron shackles hanging empty in the sunlight. The lotus blossoms and orchids swayed with the wind to reveal that the racks stretched along the garden-paths were likewise empty, and the iron beds beneath the vines untenanted. No whips lay amidst the grass and flowers, no pincers or knives or barbed flails. 
Therefore, as the cries and laughter proclaimed, the Mandarin Quong had found some new sport here in the Garden of Pain. 
In a remote bower, guarded by great trees whose limbs had been trained to twist in torment, and veiled by serpentine creepers that extended fangs of scarlet blossom, the Mandarin stood. There had been those who were kind enough to compare Quong to the Lord Buddha, and there were times when his fat little figure held a dignified serenity quite similar. 
But in moments such as this, Quong was transfigured; his fleshy face creased into a mask of demoniac mirth; his red, full lips writhed back above his black beard, and his eyebrows were swords over slitted points of flame. Pleasure was an intense emotion in the Mandarin, and his pleasure was Pain. 
He stood staring across the bower at the two figures before him: the bound man against the great tree, and the robed figure confronting him some ten paces distant. The bound man was uttering the cries and the pleadings; the robed one was silent. He moved, but no sound emanated from those movements save an occasional twanging thrum. For the robed man held in his hands a great crossbow, and upon his back was a quiver bristling with barbed arrows. These he was swiftly and efficiently removing one by one; fitting them to his bow and taking expert aim as he released them at the bound, writhing figure of the captive. 
His aim was remarkable — despite the agonized movements and convulsive starting of the victim, he never erred. The arrows sped to a living mark: the wrist, the ankle, the knee, the groin. With curious precision, he avoided placing the cruel shafts in a vital spot, and his arm carefully judged the depth with which each arrow would penetrate the shrinking flesh of his tormented target. 
But Quong did not notice this dexterity, or if he noticed it he gave the matter no heed. His laughing eyes were on the victim, watching the impact of each arrow, the jerk of the flesh as it sank in, and the thin trickle of blood that followed the piercing. To an observer it might almost be said that Quong appeared to be studying his victim’s pain, studying with the amused and detached pleasure of a bibliophile who reads for the hundredth time some treasured volume — foretasting each delight, yet seeking unfelt nuances of enjoyment. 
His delighted laughter fell as an arrow struck the bound man’s left eye and penetrated the brain. The writhing ceased, the body sagged limply and hung from the ropes which restrained its fall. The Mandarin Quong heaved a sigh — the sigh of the bibliophile when his book is closed — and with a wave of his hands dismissed the archer. The bowman bowed and backed from the bower with gestures of obeisance, leaving his master alone. 
Quong stood stock-still for an instant after the fellow’s departure, and his features underwent a curious change. Gone was the sadist’s smile, gone the passionate intensity which had made of his face a gargoyle’s grimace. Serenity returned to shine from his eyes, and his lips relaxed into a softer smile of pleasure. He moved forward to the tree where the bound body hung, passing the gory thing without so much as a glance. 
Behind the tree, suspended by the self-same ropes which upheld the victim, a series of thin metal pipes were hanging. From the sleeve of his robe the Mandarin drew forth a slender stick. With a gentle, caressing motion he drew the ivory head of the stick across the metal. A chiming rang forth — a soft, liquid, almost chirping series of notes holding a peculiar bird-like quality. The tones flooded forth, clear and mellow, as the Mandarin chose his notes with careful attention to harmonics. Music came from the tree where horror hung. 
Again the Mandarin stepped back, and stood still as though waiting. And suddenly, while the last strains of metallic melody still floated through the garden, the air was filled with a curious rustling sound — hundreds of tiny sounds, rather, blurred into a single whirring note. And there came a cheeping and shrill whistling from all around which caused the yellow face of Quong to glow with kindly pleasure. 
Without warning, the air turned to gold. A thousand yellow forms swirled to outshine the sun — moving yellow dots with bejeweled eyes that flamed. They whirled and dipped against the serene sky, then swooped about the tree in a golden cloud that spun round and round about the trunk and its grisly adornment. 
And still they came, whirring and scudding down until the tree was covered with a yellow blossoming in all its boughs, and vines of living gold crawled across the bark and what sagged against it. The garden was filled with tiny birds, filled with the exquisite darting flight of graceful elfin swarms that chirped liquid cries of pleasure. The Mandarin watched the golden pageant flow over the tree trunk, watched the shining cluster as it moved across the tree In frantic life. The symphony of this motion enthralled him so that the minutes passed unheeded. 
It was perhaps half an hour later that the swarm dispersed. It rose suddenly in a golden spiral, swerving up from the tree trunk to settle in the limbs. And now, in the space made vacant by the canaries’ departure, a silver figure gleamed in the sunlight. Where the dead man had hung there remained only a dry-picked, shining skeleton. The Mandarin stared quietly, then lifted his eyes to the boughs where the yellow horde rested in its repletion. He waited, and in a moment the melody came forth. 
The song of pleasure was indescribable in its sweetness — soft, limpid, yet glowing with tonal color and pulsing with painfully ecstatic threnody. It rose and fell, faintly at first, then culminated in a burst of beauty as the chirping resolved into eery notes that were shrill yet vibrant. 
For perhaps ten minutes the song continued, and then the last trills died away, the golden chain shattered link by link, and the birds departed. Quong turned away toward the oncoming twilight, and as he walked toward the Palace the dusk hid the tears that streamed down his cheeks. 

2

The Mandarin Quong loved his birds. 
This was a matter of common knowledge throughout the South, and the statement of it was generally coupled with the other known fact that Quong loved nothing else. 
In these brave days China was used to cruel and dreadful masters, but in a land noted for the perversity of its overlords the name of Quong was feared above all others. Shortly after the Mandarin usurped his father’s throne in the Great Palace he had given evidence of those qualities which caused many of his people to flee to Guangzhou’s coast where now the foreign devils had landed with many ships. Those that remained after Quong’s accession did so because they were unable to leave the lands; but in them was the same fear which had driven their more fortunate companions to seek the safety of seaward lands. 
They feared Quong even as a boy, because he had given many instances of his cruel precocity when a mere lad in his father’s house. With the impatience of youth he did not bother to amuse himself, as his brothers did, with the flogging and torturing of slaves. He was eager for death throes, for the spasms of agony, and the servants he toyed with died swiftly in the dark dungeons. It was only in adolescence that he learned to control the intensity of his lusts; then he turned to the more subtle tortures. And not for long did he feel satisfied with the Copper Bowl, the Water Death, or the Seven Bamboo Chastisements. The time-honored devices of his father’s hired torture masters he improved on, and his days were spent in the study of pain. 
Now this was well, for the future Master must govern his people strictly and be quick to wrath, but even the conservative graybeards whispered that young Quong possessed a devil within him which knew delight only in debauches of cruelty. 
It is true that his first favorites were seldom fated to survive his yearning for experiment over the period of a month; only families utterly destitute sold their daughters into the House of Quong. Each passing month saw the young man’s quest of Pleasure in Pain increase its horror; he grew pale from long hours spent in dark cells and murky oubliettes. This could be readily understood in an old man, whose other pleasures were few, but for a youth it was not seemly to be so confined. Still, Quong was precocious. 
This precocity further evinced itself in Quong’s judicious disposal of his three brothers, who found their last cups of rice wine to be very bitter indeed. They died quietly, without ostentation, and it was only to be expected when one morning the old Mandarin, Quong’s father, went to his ancestors with the cord of a silken bowstring for a necklace about his throat. 
Then Quong was Lord of the House, and high Mandarin over the jungles, the plains, and the village lands of all his people. His regal reign started with a most sumptuous funeral in honor of his father, and then he gave the people of his city a noble tiger hunting in the streets of a little village close by. But this evidence of propriety did not wholly satisfy his subjects, who unkindly grumbled about the vast number of coolies who were immolated outside his father’s tomb during the funeral ceremonies. Other ungrateful coolies said that the tiger hunt was spoiled by the deaths of almost the entire populace in the village where it occurred. 
But when Mandarin Quong made the pronouncement about his law, the flights to the coast began. Quong as Mandarin was the judge over all criminal trials in his domain, but he now specified that he would usurp the office of executioner as well. In the first three years of his official rule every case brought before him ended in conviction; and there were many cases, due to his increasing his force of guardsmen and the peculiar system whereby he paid them a bounty for each criminal obtained. This he could well afford, because an increasing number of crimes seemed to be discovered among the wealthier merchant and land-holding class, and conviction carried with it a confiscation of money and properly to Quong’s house. 
As an executioner, Quong scorned beheading or any of the accepted modes of torture. No longer was the sentence carried out in public; Quong preferred the darkness of his palace dungeons or his ivory Hall of State. Here, it was averred, the walls were lined with human heads, mounted as one might mount the head of a deer or a buffalo. 
In an effort to discourage such unfortunate predilections toward torture, one of Quong’s advisers subtly hinted that his constant stay indoors was injurious to the health of the Mandarin. It was then that Quong built his garden — his beautiful Chinese garden behind the palace, where trees and flowers and mirroring pools opened to the sky. And he built racks and wheels and scaffolds that blossomed with evil fruit, so that things went much the same as they had in the old dungeons below the Palace. 
But Nature stirred a new love of beauty in the Mandarin’s breast. He caused vines to grow upon the iron racks to conceal the rusty stains; trained creepers to hide the stark lines of his scaffolds. Sometimes he walked in the gardens alone, and was serenaded by musicians from concealed glades and dells. 
Because the birds did not rest here. Blood nourished the fantastic flowers, and the perfume of rare orchids was rich in the air; but over all was the carrion taint that brought crows and vultures but kept the songsters away. Nightingales and finches shunned the green confines, and those brought by the animal vendors flew away with peeps of terror rather than chirps of song. Even the scarlet macaws and green parrots refused to color the landscape with their presence, and the garden remained incomplete without its musical background. 
But at this time the two missionaries came to Quong at the Palace and asked if they might stay. They were foreign devils; Portuguese, in robes of black, who spoke a curious tongue and blasphemed against Lord Buddha, the Four Books, and Confucius with equally impartial fervor. Some of their paraphernalia interested the Mandarin, who spent several days with the curious thunder sticks which worked on principles so divergent from Chinese guns; the sextants, silver watches, and other marvels brought from the court of King John. 
They had birds, in cages — tiny yellow birds, that sang with infinite sweetness. Canaries, the priests called them, and their golden beauty much impressed the Mandarin; so much so, that after listening to an especially severe tirade against his torturing and cruelties by the two missionaries, he conducted them to the garden and accorded them the fate of the One they called their Master. 
And he loosed the canaries in the garden and beheld with pleasure that they did not fly away but remained close to him. To his great amusement one of them perched upon the sagging shoulder of the first priest and sang up into the dead face with affectionate fervor. He rewarded the birds with the most delicate of meats — the tongue of the priest. 
Perhaps, he mused, it would instill the creatures with the eloquence of their former masters. 
This did not occur, but the birds stayed. And within a few years they had multiplied a hundredfold, then grew to many thousands. They filled the garden by day, and then fared afield at will, returning only toward twilight to await the feast spread for them. They had developed a terrible appetite for the ghastly fruit which ripened daily in the garden sunlight. It had arisen at the first, and as generation after generation lived and bred and died in the torture maze, the blood strain carried with it the nameless hunger. 
Formerly Quong had set aside a burial ground on his lands, but now only bones need be piled in his great cellars. The birds, thousands strong, did the rest. And after a time they learned to await his signal. Overall the garden Quong had set up little metal bars which played a curious scale. Upon completing his daily dispensing of justice, he would summon the flock with his chimes and they came to partake of his largess. Afterward they raised their voices in the sweet reward of song — and it was a song infinitely more beautiful than any the Mandarin had ever known. It soothed him like mellow wine, set his blood tingling like the hands of one well beloved, thrilled his imaginative senses like moonlight over dragon-guarded pools. He loved his birds, loved their daily tribute. 
But others feared them. Men learned of his canaries, saw the flocks speed over their fields and descend at will to ravish the grain and seeds. They were not molested for fear that this incur the Mandarin’s displeasure. The growing horde swarmed about the cities and villages, and none might wave them from the streets. A dead bird meant a dead man if the Mandarin’s guards found the creature. 
The legend of their feastings in the garden became known, and after that strange tales were told of the foreign devils who had brought the birds as spies. It was whispered that the tiny chattering creatures possessed human souls; that they sucked evil nourishment from the dead, and absorbed the wisdom of men which they used when prying about the streets. Other lore hinted that they reported to the Mandarin the misdeeds which they observed in daily flight, and they came to be hated and feared as living symbols of the terrible power which ruled the land. 

3

Now lately Quong had devised a new torture which pleased him greatly. He was writing, on many parchments, a history of Pain to bequeath to the Great School in Peking, and it heartened him to be able to include interesting variations invented by himself. 
This Death of a Thousand Arrows was such an invention. Barbed darts of various sizes, shot with various degrees of force into certain carefully-selected portions of a victim’s body, produced a lingering torment delightful to members of the aristocracy of Pain. 
Quong had devised the idea himself, but he needed an expert bowman to assist him. It was then that he sought Hin-Tze, the Emperor’s archer, and offered him employment. Hin-Tze came to the Palace with his wife Yu-Li, and the Mandarin noted with pleasure that his bowman was efficient and the bowman’s wife lovely to look upon. 
So it was not many days after Hin-Tze first employed himself with victims in the garden that the Mandarin caused the woman to be removed to his quarters and gave himself over to dalliance. The archer learned of this, and his heart was sore. He did not like his dreadful task, but he had come at the Emperor’s command and dared not disobey. He hated the cruelty, hated the Mandarin, and was repelled by the nauseous birds whose unnatural feastings gave him such qualms as he had never known on the battlefield. Indeed, one day he had accidentally pierced a yellow body with an arrow — and only the fact that the canary had winged itself within the line of flight saved him from the Mandarin’s wrath. He was a soldier, and to him the music of the canaries was not sweet after the spectacle of their dining. 
Now that his wife had been taken, Hin-Tze was very bitter in his heart against Lord Quong, though he dared not speak. He feared, instead, for he had heard tales of the Mandarin’s love. And one evening not many weeks after the taking of his woman, Quong grew enraged and with his dagger slit the throat of his new favorite so that pretty Yu-li died sobbing her husband’s name. 
Hin-Tze saw, and said nothing, even when the pitiful limp form was carried into the garden by servants. He returned to his quarters and sat alone in the moonlight, awaiting what he knew he would hear. And then came that sweet, detestable song from the treetops, the satisfied song of the canaries. At that moment Hin-Tze swore his oath against the Mandarin, against the desecration of his wife’s body, which was not even accorded godly burial but sacrificed instead to a few moments of melody from the hateful tiny throats of Quong’s friends. 
Of this he said no word to the Mandarin, for that was not seemly; and with lordly courtesy Quong forbore mentioning the occurrence when they met the next day. 
Hin-Tze carried a bound coolie into the garden sunlight; a poor, choking wretch who had stolen a few taels in some market outside the town. He pleaded with Hin-Tze as he walked, and it was curious to the archer to hear that the doomed man did not fear death nearly so much as he feared the loss of his immortal soul. He and all the people were afraid of the canaries of Quong, whose feasting deprived them of proper burial. But Hin-Tze said nothing as he slipped a knife through the man’s bonds and awaited the Mandarin. 
Quong strode down the path, smiling in the sunshine. A fat prisoner — a greater song. He advanced, beaming serenely on his bowman, whose gentle tact in ignoring the unfortunate accident of the previous evening he greatly admired. Quong clapped his hands to signal that the ritual binding begin and indicated the great tree as the one to which the victim was to be tied. 
But the Lord of Pleasure and Pain was chagrined when the prisoner suddenly wheeled and bolted off through the garden, his severed bonds trailing behind him. He opened his mouth, forming it for a shout of anger; but it gaped still wider in astonishment as Hin-Tze advanced and seized him by the throat. There was a great arrow in the bowman’s hand, and its point was barbed. It moved slowly toward the Mandarin’s neck as he struggled back against the tree trunk. His face paled at what he read in his captor’s gleaming eyes. 
It was then that he babbled for mercy and screamed and struck out wildly. But Hin-Tze drew the barbed point over the breast of Quong and pinned him to the tree. Then the bowman stepped back and fixed an arrow to his great bow. He shot the dart, eyes blind with rage and ears deaf to the cries of his living target. He drew, fixed, fired automatically; a half-hundred times perhaps, he aimed with eyes dazzled by a sort of madness. Only then was vengeance appeased — only then did he cease and approach the living horror that still stood before the tree trunk. 
One of the hands was moving, a bloody claw. It curled around the bark, fumbling, fumbling. It rested, then moved again. And suddenly shrill chimes rang upon the air — chimes that summoned and commanded. The hand fell, but into the glazing eyes crept a look of triumph and of craftiness. The lips worked piteously. 
“Lift me down,’’ whispered the Mandarin. 
Hin-Tze, confused, drew the pinioning arrow forth and the body of the dying Quong slumped forward as though fainting in his arms. 
Too late did Hin-Tze see the arrow torn from the flesh; the arrow in the hand that now struck with every ounce of strength that remained in the broken arms. With a last effort, the Mandarin had nailed him to the tree! The figure in the gorgeous robes fell earthward, but Quong’s triumphant eyes still stared up into Hin-Tze’s pain-contorted face. 
“I have summoned the birds,” said the Mandarin, faintly. “They are my friends, and they come when the chimes call. You have heard the legends which say my canaries possess living souls — the souls of the dead that once hung upon the tree where you hang now.” 
The Mandarin shuddered a moment, then fell silent. At last he whispered again. “This is not true. The birds are simply birds; they know me and they love me, for I have prepared for them many feasts. Therefore vengeance for my death shall rest with them. And — I shall hear one last song as I die.” 
Hin-Tze understood then. He struggled to free himself, but the arrow held him so that he hung by the barbs that nailed him to the tree of horror. He clawed and screamed when he heard tire rustling sounds, moaned aloud as the golden cloud hummed down toward him. And then they were all about with their beating wings, their tiny beaks that stabbed sharply, cruelly, with dreadful hunger. Blood blinded him, two winged knives flew to his eyes, and the golden glow faded to black pain. For a few moments longer he writhed beneath the beaks of his tiny tormentors. Then the cloud settled down in silence. 
Upon the ground lay the Mandarin Quong. His wounds were forgotten, for he had the nature of a poet. This final revenge, this last triumph in defeat, was atonement. He watched every movement of the raptorial birds, drank in their graceful beauty to the full. And soon he would hear the song — the final song before death. 
He had spoken truly to Hin-Tze. The birds loved him; and they were only birds. The notion of psychopomps — the absurd superstition that these creatures of his possessed the souls of the dead from his garden — was incredible. Quong watched the yellow swarm move across the body of the bowman. They rose, chittering. In a moment the song would commence. The Mandarin awaited the perfection of the poet’s death. 
They rose — and suddenly one of the tiny birds detached itself from the sun-bright cluster. It was a tiny female — and it flew straight down toward the skeleton on the tree. It perched, absurdly, upon the fleshless ribs; as though peering into the bony bars of a cage. Quong gazed with new interest. He drew himself up on one elbow, painfully. The bird was sitting there — and then — there were two birds! 
Was it hallucination, dying delirium? Or had another bird suddenly appeared from inside the skeleton? A yellow form, whirring within the ribs where the heart had been? 
And now the two winged out, together. Their beady little eyes rested upon the recumbent form of the Mandarin. He sank back, strange horror tugging at his heart. A female bird — Yu-Li. And a male from the skeleton of the dead bowman! Psychopomps? 
The two flew upward, to where the yellow cloud hovered in midair. They flew to the forefront, shrilling as though in command. And then they wheeled, swooped down. Quong screamed in utter fear. Dead souls were exacting their vengeance. Yellow knives stabbed and struck home; ten thousand fluttering forms tore and clawed at the writhing thing upon the ground. 
And so there was no one to hear the final moment when it came — it was in a deserted garden that the last sweet serenade was sung by the canaries of the Mandarin Quong.

The Hound of Pedro

They said he was a wizard, that he could never die. Men whispered that he held traffic with the undead and that his swarthy servants were not of humankind. The Indians murmured their fears of his incredibly wrinkled face in which, they averred, blazed two green eyes that flamed in a manner alien to men. The padres muttered too and hinted that no mortal could exercise the powers he controlled. 
But nobody knew who Black Pedro Dominguez was, or where he had come from. Even today the peons tell their tales of the Spanish oppressor, and mumble fearfully that monstrous climax which has become a legend throughout all Sonora. 
It was a spring day in Novorros; that morning of April 5th, 1717. The hot sun beat upon the adobes, the wind whirled dust amidst the cacti. The bells were tolling noontide in the little stone chapel of the mission. Almost it seemed as though they pealed in welcome to the little band of men that rode up through the canyon to Novorros town that noon. Indeed they might, for the shaman’s drums had boomed over the western hills the night before, spreading the story of the Caballero who rode with his beast of black. 
The Yaqui tribesmen filled the streets, their sullen faces illumined by the light of curiosity. The padre and his two brothers of the cloth watched discreetly from the steps of the mission as Black Pedro Dominguez rode into town. 
Forty men and fifty horses smoked through the dust at a gallop. Strange, shining men, faceless in iron armor, straddling snorting steeds — the Indians were curiously impressed. They knew of the conquistadores from tales their fathers told; they had seen horses before. But the sight of the burnished steel corselets, the sun-tipped lances, the grilled masks — these things impressed them. 
The padre and his brethren were impressed, too, but by more subtle details. They noted the man that rode behind the leader, the tall, lean figure on the white pony whose garb differed curiously from the war-like raiment of his fellows. This thin rider’s face was hidden not by steel but by a silken mask; he wore no helmet, but a curious turban. By this and by his light Saracenic armor the priests knew him as a Moor. A Moor of Granada — here! 
Then there was the heavy figure on the bay mare, the man who sat uneasily astride as though unused to riding. He wore no helmet, but about his head was wound a scarlet neckerchief. The glitter of his squinting eyes was matched by the sparkle of the gold earrings that dangled at either side of his bearded visage. He carried neither sword nor spear, but in his bloused belt reposed a hiked cutlass, in a scabbard that shone with jewels. The padre recognized him, because he had crossed the Caribbean in a galleon long years ago. This man was a buccaneer. 
There were other unusual features which the white men observed while the Yaquis remained in ignorance, but there were two things which both groups noticed, two objects which impressed: Black Pedro Dominguez and his hound. 
Had anyone present known of the legend, the comparison would have been irresistible, for Pedro Dominguez was seated on his horse like a malignant Buddha. He was a hog in armor, a swarthy, bearded hog whose porcine jowls were surmounted by a splayed nose and the skull-shadowed eyes of a more carnivorous beast. His forehead was a livid scar; he had been branded there by slave irons, it seemed. There was something impressive about the man’s very obscene ugliness; he was Buddha, but Buddha turned demon. 
The natives felt it, the priests felt it. Here was evil in man. 
Then they saw the hound. A great black shape loped at the heels of Pedro’s horse. Huge as a cougar, supple as a panther, black as the velvet of midnight; this was the hound of Pedro. Yellow claws gleamed in the ink of great splayed paws; dark muscles rippled across the enormous belly. The lion-head was jeweled with ruby eyes, and the great slavering jaws opened on a fanged red maw that gaped in hideous hunger. 
The natives felt it, the priests felt it. Here was evil in beast. 
Black Pedro Dominguez and his hound rode through the town. The cavalcade halted at the mission steps. The priest raised his hands in benediction as Pedro dismounted and stood before him. 
The band had traveled far. There was foam on the horses’ flanks and dust upon the armor of their riders. Sweat oozed across Black Pedro’s scarred forehead. The hound cowered at his feet, moaning, with its tongue lolling like a red serpent. Therefore as Pedro approached, the padre opened his mouth to invite him into the mission; rest, food, water might be provided. 
Before he could speak, Black Pedro growled a greeting. He, he informed the padre, was Pedro Dominguez of Mexico City. He wished nothing from the good father save that he should immediately pronounce the prayers for the dead. 
“What is this, sir?” the padre asked. “Can it be that you carry with you the body of some poor man who died unshriven in the desert?” 
“No,” said Pedro, curtly. “But get along with the prayer.” His dark eyes smoldered. 
“But I do not understand,” the priest continued. “Who is this prayer for?” 
“For you — you fool!” Pedro smiled, grim mirth flaming in his eyes. “For you !” 
It happened very quickly then. Even as he spoke, Pedro’s saber had leaped from the scabbard, risen in Pedro’s hand, and descended in flashing fury on the priest’s neck. There was a thud and the padre’s body lay in red dust. There was a puddle in the little space between head and neck. 
Others had seized the two brethren. Daggers flashed in silver sunlight. The black-gowned men dropped beside their superior. The Yaquis stood silent. Then a vast murmuring arose, a muffled drone of anger. These strangers had killed the white brothers. Knives and bows appeared in brown hands. The tall natives closed in on the mission steps, converging in a red wave. 
As if by premeditated signal the little band of whites grouped themselves in a semicircle. Pistols appeared. And as the tribesmen closed in, flame burst upon them. A score dropped, screaming. Another belch of fire. Brown bodies writhed in agony on the dusty ground. The natives turned and fled up the adobe-lined street. The whites remounted, wheeled their steeds, and leveled their lances. Steel shivered through the retreating backs. Swords hacked at heads and shoulders. There were screams and imprecations; horses whinnied and armor clanged. But above all was the sound of grisly laughter as Black Pedro sat quaking on the mission steps. Beside him was the great hound. As the beast began to worry the bodies of the young tribesmen, Pedro laughed anew. 

2

The truce came soon. The Yaquis dragged away the bodies of their slain. Gomez, the mestizo chieftain, parleyed in the mission chapel with Pedro that evening. When he heard Pedro’s terms — his command — the old Indian’s gray face turned pale with sick rage. He muttered to himself of Yaztan, the great Yaqui leader to the south. Even now a messenger to Yaztan was on his way, and that champion would raise an army of thousands to march against this invader. 
Pedro listened, chuckled. He beckoned to the turbaned figure of the Moor behind him. Smiling with cryptic relish, the Arab bowed and left the room. In a moment he returned, bearing a leathern saddlebag. Pedro placed it on the table before him. Then he faced the silent Indian. “Yaztan,” he said. “I have heard of this Yaztan, the mighty chief. Is it not true that he is said to have a ring of gold set within his nose, and has pierced his cheeks with golden bracelets?” 
The Indian nodded in assent. 
Pedro smiled, looked at the Yaqui without comment, and opened the bag on the table. Something shriveled and dry rolled out — something that held the glitter of gold about a crumbled nose and sparkled yellowly in bloodless cheeks. There were no eyes in this — the head of Yaztan. 
“I have already visited your chief,” Pedro purred. ‘‘Before he died he told me of this place, of its mission, and of your tribe’s mines. He spoke of your gold, and by the nature of your people’s ornaments I see that he spoke truly. Now, as I have said, you will mine this gold for us. You have heard my terms; think them over. Or perhaps you might join Yaztan “ 
Thus began the tyranny of Black Pedro; the dreadful days of bondage about which men still whisper. They tell how Pedro visited the crude native mines, and how he ordered them enlarged and changed so that the labors of his servants might be increased. They speak of the manner in which he conscripted all the able-bodied males of the tribe, so that the women were forced to hunt while their menfolk toiled in the mines, guarded over by the bearded white men with their flame-rods that dealt death to the disobedient and their whips that bloodied the backs of the laggard and weary. They tell also of the gold that was piled in the mission towers, of the ingot-lined chambers at the church where now Black Pedro dwelt. 
They speak with shame about the usage accorded their women by Pedro and his men, of Maquila the chieftain’s daughter who danced to the stroke of whips in the courtyard when she failed to please the strange dark man who rode behind Black Pedro. They whisper of young virgins who disappeared each month; for with every moon Pedro exacted the tribute of a maiden. 
The dark man would come at dusk to the village and demand the girl; then she would ride away to the mission house and disappear. No one dared approach that night, though the screaming sometimes would be borne afar on the lonely wind; no one dared ask next day why the girl did not return. 
There was asking at first; the chief’s son came, with ten young men. And Pedro scowled at them, while his hirelings seized the youths in sight of the entire tribe. They were stripped and carried to the desert. Here Black Pedro caused holes to be dug in the sand and in these holes were lowered the bodies of the young tribesmen, and earth was heaped around so that they stood buried up to the neck. 
Only their heads stood silhouetted against the sand; only their faces wreathed in wonderment and vague fear. They could not know, dared not guess their fate. Did Pedro mean to leave them here to starve and die? Would they suffer hunger, thirst, the torment of heat? Would the wheeling vultures come to feast? 
The tribe watched, impassive, held in check by Pedro's crew. They saw Pedro conversing with the dark man, and the swarthy squint-eyed one with the rings in his ears. They heard Pedro whisper to the squint-eyed one, and he laughed terribly and cursed in his outlandish tongue. Then Black Pedro motioned to his soldiers, and they forced the throng away. There were fathers, mothers, wives, children of the ten young braves in that group; they were herded back with the rest. 
Ten pairs of eyes followed them — ten pairs of eyes from heads set in the sand. Hopeless, helpless eyes. The men escorted the savages back to the village. Pedro, the dark man, and the squint-eyed lieutenant remained all alone with the buried, living heads. 
What occurred in the next few hours could never be rightly known. But the Yaquis could guess, because there were terrible hints. Several soldiers went into the convent and presently returned carrying great wooden balls of hardened fiber. These they carried back into the desert. 
The savages had seen Pedro roll these balls along the inner lawn of the convent garden at times; he and the dark man were adept at bowling. The balls were carried with them into the desert. Perhaps that was what Pedro had whispered to make the others laugh. He might have conceived a jest.  
Ten-pins. Ten heads. 
The heavy wooden balls rumbled thunderously as they rolled across the flat sands. The sound of human screams rose unmistakably over the booming. When Pedro and his companions returned it was already dark. Their faces were flushed as though from exertion. When the released tribesmen hastened out to the desert, they could find no trace of heads in the sand. The men had vanished. But in the twilight when Black Pedro returned, they had seen ominous stains on the wooden bowling-balls. 
The natives asked no questions, but their scowls deepened to the impassive malignity of the savage enraged. They dared not search the spot or linger to dig up that which they suspected lay beneath the sands; dared not search because it was night. 
At night, Pedro’s hound was abroad. It roamed their village at will, descended even to the mines where they toiled under the lash by day. When hungry, the beast sprang on the native nearest — unless an alert white guard beat it off in time. Sometimes the guard would not bother to repulse the hound if the attacked native was old and feeble. 
That hound...
The Yaquis feared it more than they did their vicious but human master. They began to conceive strange notions connected with both of these oppressors. These notions were based on their scanty knowledge of what went on behind the convent walls where Pedro and his men lived in guarded seclusion. No one entered the place except to be conducted into dungeons and torture chambers below, but rumors spread. It was guessed that Pedro’s band had come from Mexico, lured by tales of mines and yellow metal. How long he would stay here none could say, but the gold was piling up daily in the chapel rooms. A few old natives had been detailed to tend it there, and they started the disturbing rumors of life within the walls. 
The dark man, they said, was a shaman — a wizard. It was he who advised Pedro, the old natives whispered; and it was he who tended the torture vaults in the abandoned cellars below the former mission. Victims came from the mines; disobedient natives were taken here and “punished” before their reward of death. 
But (so hinted the oldsters) they were “punished” as a wizard would chastise; they were sacrificed, and their bodies rended in terrible ways. It was the dark man, too, that demanded the virgin every moon. She was led into the cellars, the old Indians averred, and given in sacrifice where none could see. The dark man and Black Pedro and the hound went down into those depths with her, and there would be the sound of chanting and praying, the screams of the girl mingled with the baying of that sable beast. 
The old ones cautiously spoke of how the hound would re-emerge after this and slink off into outer darkness, but they said Pedro and the dark man remained below for several days. When the hound returned they ventured abroad once more, to hear tales of new atrocities committed without the mission walls. 
Some of the tribe believed these old ones in their mutterings. Certainly they came to fear Black Pedro and his great dog increasingly as the months went by. And the secret messengers they had sent to the south gave no word. But even the most credulous refused to believe the wilder stories of Pedro speaking to the dog, and the animal replying in human tongue. Nevertheless a growing panic manifested itself in tribal ranks. There was talk of fleeing, but this was impossible. Uprising was out of the question; in truth, the men with the flame-rods were not over-cruel — it was Pedro, the dark man, and the strange beast that reveled in brutality. 
Panic increased the rumors so that Pedro and his hound became almost legendary figures of evil. The two were almost alike in their animal lusts; dreadful things were hinted as to the fate of the maiden taken each month — tales of bestial passion and the old shaman stories of the uses accorded virgin blood. These stories drew added color from the almost human attributes displayed at times by the hound. If it could not talk to its master as the wildest stories reputed, it could at least understand human speech and make itself understood. 
The Yaquis began to realize that on nights following the monthly ceremonies the great black hound prowled about their adobes; that it listened below windows and lurked amidst the shadows beyond their campfires. Whenever there was midnight talk of rebellion and discontent Black Pedro knew of it and summoned the speaker to the mission. Could it be that the beast actually reported these things? Or was it the wizardry of the strange dark man? 
None knew the truth, but each passing day the shadow of Pedro and his hound loomed larger over all their lives. And far away the messengers sped south to spread the tale. 

3

Don Manuel Digron halted his march at the head of the canyon. Signal fires smoked in the dusk, and the three emissaries were waiting as the messengers had said. 
They held a secret parley in the darkness, while Don Manuel listened to the natives’ story. He scowled deeply as he heard, then broached his plan of action. The Yaquis nodded, then faded away in the gloom of the twilight canyons. 
The men-at-arms dismounted, encamped. Don Manuel Digron kept counsel with his aide, Diego. “Sure it is the same man,” he growled. “This is Black Pedro Dominguez of whom they speak. Friar Orspito tells me that this Pedro is long wedded to the Devil, and the Holy Inquisition seeks him even now in Mother Spain. He fled from there with the Moor, Abouri — a Black wizard of Granada; men tell of their exploits. The hound Pedro rules is not an earthly thing, I warrant, if tales I’ve heard are true.” 
“What does such a man here?” Diego inquired. A frown crossed Don Manuel’s lean face. 
“I know not. He left Mexico City — he and his band of freebooters and gutter rats — no doubt the smell of gold lured him across the plains to Sonora. It is always so. With gold he and his damned sorcerer can command an empire.” 
“Are we to turn him over to Mother Church or the civil authorities?” asked Diego. 
“Neither,” Manuel drawled. “We have no horses to convey forty captives across the desert, nor water and provisions to sustain them. They must be disposed of here — and if half the tales of evil magic be true, it is God’s work to do this.” 
The Don stared at the fire for a moment, then continued. “We may taste of necromancy tonight, Diego. The chieftains inform me that this is the eve appointed for sacrifice. A living maiden is delivered to him once each moon. I trust our arrival is timely; I do not care to ponder on the usage accorded a woman by these sorcerous swine.” 
The two men ate and drank. 

4

Two men ate and drank within the mission walls. Black Pedro dined tonight with Abouri, the Moor; they toasted gold and necromancy alike from amber goblets. There was little of speech between them, but many a glance of dark understanding. The Moor smiled after a long silence and lifted his glass. “Fortune!” he pledged. 
Pedro sneered, his little pig eyes sullen with discontent. “When shall we leave this cursed hole, Abouri? I long for cities where there is no sun to dry the juices from my body; we’ve gold enough to ransom the kings of all the world. Why tarry?” 
The Moor pursed his lips urbanely as he stroked his graying beard, and his smile was placating. “Patience,” he counseled. “Be guided by my wisdom, O brother. Was it not I who led you from the galleys to riches beyond all dreams? Did we not pledge a pact before Ahriman, your Sathanas; has not He guided us on our way?” 
“True.” Pedro was thoughtful. 
“I have brought you wealth,” pursued the Moor. “And I must have my due, as our bond with your Lucifer demands. Here we have found the blood of maidens and other useful things, and I may carry out my bargain undisturbed. That was our agreement with the Master before the Altar —wealth for you, and mantic power for me, and souls for Him.” 
Strange fear flooded Pedro’s face. “’Tis a dreadful pledge,” he half whispered. “Souls for Him! And at what price! The hound frightens me, and I am afraid when the exchange is made; should anything go amiss “ 
The Moor raised his hand in a gesture of restraint. “That was the bond. The hound is His; He gave it to us as an instrument to secure souls for His Devil’s bondage. A few days each month is little enough to ask in return for wealth. And yours is a nature to delight in the shedding of blood.” 
“As a man, yes — I warrant I find pleasure enough in slaying,” Pedro admitted, with utter candor. “But as the other “ 
Again the Moor checked his companion’s speech. “Here is the maiden now, and we must prepare for this night’s work.” 
Two trembling natives had entered the room, pushing a bound and frightened girl before them. She struggled in her bonds once they freed her legs, but they took no heed. Bowing low, they averted their faces and ran out. The Moor rose and approached the dark, lithe figure of the Indian maiden. As his hands grasped her pinioned arms she closed her eyes in utter fear. 
Black Pedro leered, laughing. “A fine wench, indeed!” he chuckled. “Could I only –” 
“No,” declared the Moor, sensing his purpose. “She must remain immaculate for the sacrifice. Come.” 
All mirth, all desire, vanished from Pedro’s face as he followed the Moor and his captive down the winding stairs to the cellar crypts below. He knew what was to happen, and he was afraid. 
There was nothing to reassure him in the dungeon itself. A vast, gloomy chamber, taper-lit, it was an oddly terrifying place. Corridors stretched off into further gloom. Here were to be found the cages and the racks for prisoners, but the Moor did not go on. Instead he proceeded down the center of the main chamber to the further wall, where stood a great table and two flat rocks. There had been an altar here once, but it had since been removed and the crucifix above it inverted. An inverted crescent was emblazoned against it. 
The girl was placed on the table. Braziers and flares were lit; alembics lifted to the light. Bubble-glass jars were hung over the fires, and a tripod sent pungent incense through the room in swirls of spiced smoke. Tightly the girl was bound. Strongly the basin was held. Swiftly the knife was plunged. And a shriek, a moan, then bubble, bubble, bubble, as the basin filled. 
Incense added, red and yellow powders filled the basin as it hung over the tripod. Black Pedro’s swarthy face was pale and sweat spurted across his gashed brows. The Moor ignored him as he worked over the flames. Black horror loped into the room as the great dark hound slunk purposefully down the stairs. With prescient intelligence it stalked to the further of the two stone slabs and took its place upon it. Pedro reluctantly followed suit, mounting the second slab. 
And then the Moor took up the basin, filled with red and silver bubbles that glistened in the light. And the tapers were snuffed out so that darkness fell upon the crypt, and only a strange red light flamed forth from the basin in the wizard’s hands. That, and the ember’s glow from the hound’s deep eyes. 
The hound lapped at the basin’s contents with a long red tongue. Pedro sipped, his lips ashen with terror. The Moor stood beneath the cross and crescent in the pulsing darkness. He raised his arms in a gesture of invocation as man and beast sank into coma deep as death. Sibilantly came the wizard’s prayer. 
“Ahriman, Lord of Beasts and Men “ 

5

His sword was crimson when Manuel Digron raced down the darkened stairs. Behind him lay nightmare; nightmare and screaming death in the black reaches of the mission walls. The men-at-arms slew swiftly, but the Yaquis remained to mangle and maim in bloody attack. 
The surprise attack had been successful. The Indians and the Spaniards had converged on the mission, and the forty were slain — murdered in their beds, for the most part, though a few had put up stout resistance under the leadership of the buccaneer. 
Now Don Manuel Digron sought the cellar, with Diego and his lieutenants at his heels. The torches brought light as they rounded the curve in the stairs, and for a moment Manuel stared aghast. The dead, bloodless thing lay on the table. Before it stood a turbaned figure, rapt in prayer; and behind it the two dreadful slabs of stone, on which lay a man and a gigantic hound. The lips of the hound and the lips of the man were alike bloody. And the hound squatted in a dreadfully man-like fashion, while the man crouched. It was unnatural, that tableau. 
At Manuel’s descent, turmoil came. The Moor looked up and wheeled about, snatching a dagger from his scarved waist. Manuel dodged the descending weapon and thrust his sword upward so that it pierced the dark man’s belly. 
Then it ripped upward dreadfully, so that a crimson-gray torrent gushed forth from the side, and the Moor dropped writhing into death. Then Manuel advanced to the slab where Black Pedro Dominguez lay. The great swarthy man cringed and gibbered but drew no weapon. Instead he cowered, whimpering like a beast when Manuel’s sword ran him through. 
Manuel turned upon the hound, but the great beast had already sprung. Two men-at-arms stood on the stairs, and it leaped for the first one’s throat. He fell, and beast-jaws crunched. The mighty creature turned as the other soldier raised his lance. A great paw brushed spear and shield aside; then talons ripped into the man’s face and left behind only a furrow of bleeding horror. 
The hound was silent, ghastly silent; it did not growl or bay. Instead it turned and rose. On two hind legs it stood, in monstrous simulation of humanity; then it turned and raced up the stairs in frantic flight. Manuel stumbled, recovered a moment later. 
The rest was never quite real to him. He lay still for but a moment, listening to the groans of the dying wizard on the crypt floor, but what he heard haunted him forever. 
Babblings of black delirium – hints of a monstrous exchange the wizard made monthly after a blood sacrifice to Ahriman. Tales of a lycanthropic pact whereby the bodies of Black Pedro and the Devil’s hound held alien souls for days following the sacrifice, when the hound that was not a hound ravened forth for souls given to Satan in return for gold and gifts…the cracked voice of the sorcerer, telling of a rite just concluded ... the monthly exchange just made through blood and prayers, and a werewolf serving Evil loosed upon the world once more to seek souls for the Master – delirium or truth? 
It was then that Manuel understood and screamed aloud as he jerked erect, glaring with horrified eyes at the feebly writhing body of the Moor. Shuddering, he whirled and sprang up the stairs in pursuit of the hound. 
His soldiers met him. The Indians, they said, had captured the black beast as it raced into view from the depths. A Yaqui lay dead on the floor, his throat ribboned in mute testimony to the hound’s ferocity. And now Manuel could hear drums dinning in the hills, throbbing bloodlust. 
He was muttering long-forgotten prayers as he ran toward where the red glare flickered, muttering prayers as he whipped the sword from his scabbard. A Yaqui death-chant, grim and relentless, boomed out into the savage night. 
Then Manuel plunged over the brow of the hill — and saw. 
He saw that the Yaquis had remembered the deaths of their ten young men; they had remembered the ghastly jest of Black Pedro. And since he was dead, they were repeating that jest with Pedro’s hound. He saw the dark head buried in sand to its shaggy throat, heard the thunder of wooden balls as they bowled along the sand, as they plunged unerringly at the screaming horror that was their target. 
Manuel fell upon the natives. Snarling curses that somehow kept him sane, he and his men drove them back with the flats of their swords. And at last, alone, Manuel dared to approach the thing in the sand — the black, jutting head that lifted its foaming muzzle to the skies as it moaned in that last agony. 
But Manuel, knowing what he did, dared not look at it. The wizard’s dying whispers had been too much. He gave only a swift, furtive glance as in mercy he thrust his sword through the ruined beast’s skull. And as he stabbed, his heart went icy cold. He had seen the smashed jaws move feebly in one final effort as the dazed eyes glared into his own. Then, above the muffled, triumphant thunder of the distant drums, Don Manuel heard that which confirmed all the legends and rumors of which the wizard had hinted. 
Don Miguel heard the incredible voice, then collapsed beside the dying beast-head with the sound still dinning in his ears. 
The hound of horror spoke. 
And it moaned, “Mercy — a prayer for the dead — for me — Black Pedro.” 




Waxworks

It had been a dull day for Bertrand before his discovery of the waxworks — a dark, foggy day which he had spent in tramping aimlessly about the dingy streets of the quay district he loved. It had been a dull day, but none the less it was of a sort that Bertrand’s imaginative nature best loved. He found a morose enjoyment in the feel of the stinging sleet upon his face; liked, too, the sensation of semi-blindness induced by the nebulosity of outline conjured up with the fog. Mist made the dingy buildings and the narrow streets that threaded crookedly between them seem unreal and grotesque; the commonplace stone structures squatted in the blueness like vast, inanimate monsters carven from cyclopean stone. 
So, at least, thought Bertrand, in his somewhat maudlin fashion. For Bertrand was a poet—a very bad poet, with the sentimentally esoteric nature such beings affect. He lived in a garret in the dock district, ate crusts of bread, and fancied himself very much put upon by the world. In moments of self-pity, which were frequent, he made certain mental comparisons between his estate and that of the late François Villon. These estimates were none too flattering to the latter gentleman; for after all, Villon had been a pimp and a thief, whereas Bertrand was neither. Bertrand was just a very honorable young man whom people had not yet learned to appreciate, and if he starved now, posterity would spread him a pretty feast. So his thoughts ran a good part of the time, and days of fog like this were ideal for such personal compassions. It was warm enough in Bertrand’s garret, and there was food there; after all, his parents in Marseilles did send him money regularly, under the impression that he was a student at the college. Yes, the garret was a fine refuge on such a dismal afternoon, and Bertrand could have been hard at work on one of those noble sonnets he was always intending to produce. But no, he must wander about in the fog, and think things out for himself. It was so—romantic—he grudgingly conceded, in his mind, for he hated to use “trite” expressions. 
This “romantic” phase was beginning to pall on the young man after an hour’s walk about the wharves; sleet and drizzling rain had dampened more than his ardor. Then too, he had just discovered in himself a most unpoetic case of the snuffles. 
In consequence, he was more than heartened by the sight of the dim lamp that shone through the murk from a dark basement doorway between two houses on this obscure side street. The lantern served to illuminate a sign proclaiming Waxworks Within. 
Upon reading this legend, Bertrand felt a faint tinge of disappointment. He had hoped that the beacon ornamented the door of a tavern, for our poet was given to the bottle at those odd times when he found himself in funds. None the less, the light was a symbol of warmth and shelter within, and perhaps the waxworks would be interesting. 
He went down the steps, opened the dark door, and stepped, shivering slightly at the sudden change, into a warm, dimly lit hallway. A fat little man in a greasy cap shuffled out from behind a side door and took his three francs with a shrug of surprise, as if wordlessly indicating his amazement at securing a customer at such a time. 
Bertrand glanced down the plain hall as he removed his wet jacket. His fastidious nose wrinkled slightly at the musty odor about the place; this, combined with the peculiar acridity common only to discarded wet garments in a warm room, gave the air a genuine “museum smell.” 
As he walked down the hall to the wide doorway leading into the exhibit he was conscious of a subtle heightening of his melancholy, which the fog had so visibly augmented. Here in this shabby darkness he felt a profound spiritual depression. Without knowing it, he slipped from self-dramatization into reality. His mind craved morbidity, his thoughts were steeped in umber stillness…steeped in umber stillness... he must remember that, and write it down. 
He was, in point of fact, quite properly in the mood for the waxworks exhibit which he now beheld. It was a carnival of the gruesome and the macabre. 
Once, in a moment of temporary affluence, Bertrand and a feminine companion had visited the great Madame Tussaud’s. His memories of the occasion were vague, and dealt more fully with the charms of the young lady than with the rather inanimate attractions of the statuary. But as he recalled it, the wax figures had been those of historically prominent and journalistically notorious personages, representations of generals and statesmen and movie stars. This had been Bertrand’s sole experience in viewing such objects, save for the odious Punch and Judy displays in the traveling carnival companies he visited during his far-off childhood. (He was twenty-three.) 
A casual glance served to show that these waxworks were of a vastly different nature. 
A long vast chamber stretched before him—a surprisingly large chamber for such an obscure enterprise, he thought. It was low-ceilinged, and the fog outside the narrow windows lent an effective dimness to the already poor lighting arrangements; so that the atmosphere was one of profound gloom appropriate to the scene. 
An army of still white figures paraded in arrested processional against the dingy walls—an army of stiffly-staring corpses—an army of mummified, embalmed, petrified, ossified…he ran out of descriptive terminology, and realized guiltily that his words were pitifully inadequate to describe the impressiveness of these silent wax figures. They held an attitude of arrested motion which in turn captured a peculiar feeling of ominous waiting. They seemed to have just died; or rather to have been frozen in some airy, invisible ice that was about to melt and release them once again at any moment. 
They were realistic. And the lighting effects of the room disguised what crudities and blemishes might exist. Bertrand began to walk along the left wall and gazed intently at each figure or group of figures. 
The subject matter of these exhibits was harrowing to the extreme. Crime was the theme—perverse and dreadful crime. The monster Landru crept upon his sleeping wife in the night, and see, the maniac Tolours lurks with bloody knife behind the barrels as his tiny son descends the cellar stairs. Three men sit within an open boat, and one is armless, legless, headless, while the others feast…Gilles de Retz stands before the altar, and his beard is dabbled red as he holds his basin high; the sacrifice lies broken at his feet ... a woman writhes upon the wheel and the sharp-fanged rats race round and round the dungeon floor ... flayed alive is he that hangs upon the gibbet, and giant Dessalines advances with a leaded whip ... the murderer Vardac stands accused while from his suitcase trickles a red stain...the fat monk Omelee digs within his crypt amidst the barrels of bones...Here sleeping Evil rises from hidden depths in men’s souls and slyly grins. 
Bertrand saw and shuddered. There was a disturbingly artful verisimilitude in the depiction of these frights which made him ill at ease. They were so cunningly, so artfully conceived! The details of background and setting seemed minutely authentic, and the figures themselves seemed to be the products of a master craftsmanship. Their simulation of life was startling; their molder had instilled genuine action into pose and posture, so that each pictured movement was actually portrayed. And the heads, with the expressions on the faces, were astonishingly real. They glared and twisted with rage, lust, anger; contorted and blenched with fear, shock, agony. The eyes stared with a more than glassy reality, the hair hung naturally from bearded cheeks, lips opened as though warm with breath. 
So they stood, the waxworks figures, each living eternally the supreme moment of the horror which justified their existence as images and damned their souls as living men. 
Bertrand saw them all. Little sighs proclaimed the characters in each pictured melodrama in suitably grandiloquent style, and cards recited bloody histories of famous misdeeds. Bertrand read them self-consciously. He knew that what he saw was cheapest theatricalism, sensational yellow-journal stuff at its worst; the type of lurid gore-parading in which the moron-mind delights. But he fancied that there was something rather grand about this whole insane array of melodramatics; they seemed to have a certain intensity which ordinary life shuns to express in daily actions. He wondered as he stared whether or not this feeling of intensity was one of the attractions for the ordinary foolish sensation-hunters; whether or not they felt it, and were vaguely envious of its contrast to their sedulously eventless lives. And he almost chuckled when he realized that the pictured scenes were real; that their counterparts had actually existed—moreover, were still existing today, in a hundred hidden places. Yes, murderers and rapists and mad fiends crouched unknown even now, waiting to strike. Some of them would be exposed, others die in secrecy inviolate; but their deeds went on—their gory, melodramatic deeds. 
The young poet walked on. He was all alone in this room, and the sight of the blue fog-fingers still clawing at the windowpanes encouraged him to take his leisure. He spent much time in noting the perfections of the figures. Gradually he approached the right wall of the hall, which seemed to be given over to the bloody scenes of actual recorded history; the burning, pillaging, tortures and massacres of olden times. Here too he was forced to concede admiration for the designers of the displays; historical costuming was splendid throughout. There must be many details to this waxwork-making business, he thought, as he examined a particularly noteworthy figure of the Emperor Tiberius Caesar at sport in the torture chamber. 
Then he saw her. She was standing statue-still, straight and poised and lovely. She was girl, woman, goddess; imperially slender, with the delicious curves of a succubus fashioned in dreams. 
Bertrand’s poet-eyes deigned to notice actual physical details, though his bemused brain must translate them anew into elaborate imagery. Thus her splendid auburn hair was a crimson cloud, her smiling, finely-chiseled face a mask of enchantment, her starry blue eyes twin pools in which a soul must drown. Her parted lips were curved as though in voluptuous delight, and from them her tongue protruded like a little red dagger whose stab was joy. She wore a filmy, bejeweled robe of sorts, which only served to accentuate the white beauty of the body it half revealed beneath. 
Actually, she was a very pretty redheaded woman, and she was wax— common, ordinary wax, very much of the sort which had served to fashion the form of Jack the Ripper. Her pose was commonplace but arresting; she stood tiptoe with outstretched arms that held a silver salver; stood before King Herod on his throne. For she was Salome, wanton of the seven veils, white witch and wooer of all evil. 
Bertrand stared into her wicked oval face, the eyes of which seemed to flicker with amusement in returning his gaze. And he thought that she was the most beautiful creature he had ever beheld, and the most dreadful. Her slim hands held a silver platter, and on it rested the severed head ... the gory, decapitated head of John the Baptist, lying with stony eyes, death-bright in a pool of blood. 
Bertrand didn’t move. He simply looked at the woman. A strange impulse to address her came over him. She was mocking his goggle-eyed gazing, she thought him rude. Speak, man! He wanted to tell her—that he loved her. 
Bertrand realized this with a thrill of pain that was almost horror. I did love her, love her wildly beyond all dreams of love. He wanted her—this woman who was only wax. It was torture to look at her, the ache of her beauty was intolerable when he realized that she was unattainable. What irony! To fall in love with a waxwork!—he must be mad. 
But how poetic it was, Bertrand pondered. And not so highly original at that. He’d read of similar cases, seen some claptrap dramatizations of the theme which was as old as Pygmalion and his statue. Reason wouldn’t help him, he realized with a sort of despair. He loved her beauty and her menace, always would. He was that sort of poet. 
It was amazing, finally to glance up and see the sun sullenly shining through the windows from which fog had fled. How long had he been gaping here? Bertrand turned away, after one last soul-wrenching look at the object of his adoration. 
“I’ll come back,” he whispered. Then he blushed guiltily to himself and hurried down the hall to the door. 

2

He came back the next day. And the next. He became familiar with the pudgy gray features of the little fat man who seemed to be the sole attendant at the door; grew to know the dusty museum and its contents. He learned that visitors were scarce these days, and discovered late afternoon was the ideal time for his hours of worship. 
Because it was worship. He would stand silently before the cryptically smiling statue, and stare enraptured into the maddening cruelty of her eyes. Sometimes he would mumble bits of the verse with which he struggled by night; often he would plead mad lover’s entreaties meant for waxen ears. But red-haired Salome only stared back at him in return and regarded his ravings with a set and cryptic smile. 
It was odd that he never inquired about the statue or any of the others until the day he spoke with the little fat attendant. The squat, gray-haired man approached him one day at twilight and entered into conversation, thus ending a reverie in a manner which greatly annoyed the love-sick Bertrand. “Pretty, eh?” said the gray-haired man, in the coarse, vulgar voice such unfeeling dolts habitually possess. “I modeled her from my wife, y’know.” 
His wife! His wife—this shabby little old fat fool? Bertrand felt that he was really going mad, until the next words of his companion dispelled the notion. 
“Years ago, of course.” 
But she was alive—real—alive! His heart leaped. 
“Yes. She’s dead a long time now, of course.” 
Dead! Gone; as far away as ever, only this taunting waxen shell remaining. Bertrand must talk to this little fool, draw him out. There was so much he had to know. But in a moment he found that there was no need to “draw out” his companion; loneliness evidently produced talkativeness upon the little man’s part. He mumbled on in his gruff, crude fashion. 
“Clever work, isn’t it?” The gray-haired dolt was surveying the wax figure in a manner which Bertrand found peculiarly repulsive. There was in his eyes no adoration for the being represented; only the unfeeling appraisal of a craftsman commenting on his handiwork. He was admiring the wax, not the woman. 
“My best,” mused the little man. 
And to think that he had once possessed her! Bertrand was sickened dreadfully at the fellow’s callousness. But the man did not seem to notice. He kept glancing from the statue to Bertrand and back again, meanwhile keeping up a steady stream of comment and information. 
“Monsieur must be interested in the museum, eh? He seemed to be a frequent visitor. Good work, wasn’t it? He, Pierre Jacquelin, had done it all. Yes, he had learned the waxworks business well in the past eight years. It cost money to hire assistants; so save for occasional group pieces, Jacquelin had fashioned all the figures himself. People had done him the honor of favorably comparing his work to Tussaud’s. No doubt he could get a place on the staff there, but he preferred to run a quiet business of his own. Besides, there was less notoriety. But the figures were good, weren’t they ? That’s where his medical knowledge served him. Yes, it had been Doctor Jacquelin in the old days. 
“Monsieur admired his wife, didn’t he? Well, that was strange—there had been others. They too came regularly. No—no need to take offense. It would be silly to be jealous of a wax image. But it was peculiar the way men still came; some of them not even knowing about the crime.” 
The crime? 
Something in the little man’s gray face as he mentioned it caused Bertrand to perk up his ears, to ask questions. The old fellow showed no hesitation in answering. 
“Can it be that you do not know?” he said. “Ah well, time passes and one forgets the newspapers. It was not a pleasant thing—I wanted to be alone then, and the notoriety caused me to abandon practise. That is how I began here; to get away from it all. She caused it.” 
He pointed at the statue. 	
“The Jacquelin case, they called it— because of my wife, you know. I knew nothing until the trial. She was young, alone in Paris when I married her. I knew nothing of her past. I had my practise, I was busy, away a great deal of the time. I never suspected. She was pathological, Monsieur. I had suspected certain things from her conduct, but I loved her and never guessed. 
“I brought a patient to the house— an old man. He was quite ill, and she nursed him very devotedly. One night I came in quite late and found him dead. She had cut his throat with a surgical knife—I came upon her silently, you understand—and she was attempting to go further. 
“The police took her away. At the trial it all came out; about the young fellow at Brest she had done in, and the two husbands she had disposed of at Lyons and Liege. And she confessed to other crimes; five in all. Decapitation. 
“Oh, I was broken up over it, I can tell you! That was years ago, and I was younger then. I loved her, and when she admitted that she had planned to finish me off next I felt—well, never mind. She had been a good wife, you see, quiet and gentle and loving. You can see for yourself how beautiful she was. And to discover that she was mad! A murderess like that ... it was terrible. 
“I did my best. I still wanted her, after all that. It is hard to explain. We tried to plead insanity. But she was convicted, and they sent her to the guillotine.” 
How badly he tells the story! thought Bertrand. Material for tragedy here, and he bungles it into a farce! When will Life live up to Art? 
“My medical practise was ruined, of course. The papers, the publicity, that was fatal. I had lost everything. Then I began this. I’d made plaster busts, medical figures, to earn a little extra through the years. So I took my savings and began the museum. All these misfortunes had upset me, I can tell you, and I was in a bad way when I started. I had become interested in crime, for obvious reasons. That is why I specialized in this sort of thing.” 
The little man smiled a bit tolerantly, as though in memory of things long dead and forgotten—his emotions. He tapped Bertrand on the chest with a jollity which the latter found hideous. 
“What I did was a capital joke, eh? I got permission from the authorities to go down to the morgue. The execution had been delayed, and my business here was well started; I had learned my technique. So I went down to the morgue after the guillotining, understand, and made a model of my wife. From life—or death, rather. Yes, I made the model, and it’s a grand joke. She had beheaded, and now she was beheaded. So why not make her Salome? John the Baptist was beheaded, too, wasn’t he? Quite a jest!” 
The little man’s face fell a bit, and his pale gray eyes grew bright. 
“Perhaps it wasn’t such a joke, Monsieur. To tell the truth, at the time I did it for revenge. I hated her for the way she had broken my life; hated her because I still loved her in spite of what she had done. And there was more irony than humor in my doings. I wanted her in wax, to stand here and remind me of my life; my love and her crime. 
“But that was years ago. The world has forgotten, and I have, too. Now she is just a beautiful figure—my best figure. 
“Somehow I have never again approached the art; and I think you will agree with me that it is art. I have never achieved such perfection, though I’ve learned more mastery with the years. Men come in and stare at her, you know; the way you do. I don’t believe many of them know the story, but if they did, they would still come. You will come again, won’t you—even though you know?” 
Bertrand nodded brusquely as he turned and hurried away. He was playing the fool, rushing out like a child. This he knew, and he cursed himself under his breath even as he ran from the museum and the hateful little old man. 
He was a fool. His head throbbed. Why did he hate the man—her husband? Why did he hate her because she had once lived, and killed? If the story were true—and it was. He remembered something of the Jacquelin case; vague headlines dimmed by the passage of years. He’d probably shuddered over the penny-dreadful newspaper versions as a boy. Why did he feel as though he were in torment? A wax statue of a dead murderess, made by her stupid, insensate brute of a husband. Other men came and stared—he hated them, too. 
He was losing his mind. This was worse than silly, it was insane. He must never go back there; must forget all about the dead, and the lost that could never be his. Her husband had forgotten, the world had not remembered. Yes. He had made his decision. Never again… 
He was very glad that the place was deserted the next day as he prayed before the silent, red-haired beauty of Salome. 

3

A few days later, Colonel Bertroux came to his lodging. An insufferable boor, the colonel; a close friend of his family—a retired officer and a born meddler. It did not take Bertrand long to discover that his worried parents had sent the colonel down to “reason” with him. 
It was the sort of thing they would do, and the sort of thing a pompous ass like the old colonel would enjoy doing. He was brusque, dignified, pedantic. He called Bertrand “my dear boy,” and wasted no time in coming to the point. He wanted Bertrand to give up his “foolishness” and return home to settle down. The family butcher shop— he belonged there, not in a Paris attic. No, the colonel was not interested in this “poetry scribbling.” He came to “reason” with Bertrand. 
And more of the same thing, until Bertrand was half frantic with exasperation. He could not insult the old dodderer, try as he may. The man was too stupid to understand his satirical deprecations. He followed Bertrand about the streets when he ate, and took it for granted that he was invited. He “put up” at a near-by hostelry and spent his first night in conversation. He was absurdly confident that “the dear boy” would heed his wisdom. 
Bertrand gave up after that evening. The colonel put in his appearance again at noon, just as Bertrand was about to leave for the museum. Despite pointed hints, Colonel Bertroux would be only too glad to accompany him to the waxworks. He did. 
Once inside the place, Bertrand sank into the strange mood of mysterious excitement he had now learned to expect—no, to hunger for. The colonel’s asinine commentaries on the criminal displays he was able to ignore. His reveries drowned out the conversational background. They approached her. Bertrand said nothing—stood silent on the spot, though his eyes cried out. He gazed, devoured. She mocked. Silently they duelled, as minutes fled down the path of eternity. 
Abruptly, Bertrand jerked back to consciousness, blinking like a sleeper just awakened from an enthralling and ecstatic dream. Then he stared. The colonel was still beside him, and he was gaping at the statue of Salome with utter bemusement. On his face was a look of wonder so alien and somehow youthful that Bertrand was amazed. The man was fascinated—as fascinated as he was! 
The colonel ? It was impossible! He couldn’t have—not he. But he had. He was. He felt it, loved her too! 
Bertrand wanted to laugh, at first. But as he looked into that utterly absorbed old face once again he felt that tears might be more appropriate. He understood. There was something about this woman that called forth the dreams buried in the soul of every man, old or young. She was so gorgeously aloof, so wickedly wanton. 
Bertrand glanced again at her evil tenderness, noted the shapely grace with which she stood holding that horrid head. That horrid head—it was different, today. Not the black-haired, blue-eyed, glassy-staring head he had seen on previous visits. What was wrong? 
A touch on his shoulder. The little gray-haired owner of the waxworks, horribly solicitous. 
“Noticed it, eh?” he mumbled. “Deplorable accident; the old head was accidentally broken. One of her—her gentlemen friends tried to poke at it with an umbrella and it fell. I substituted this, while repairing the original. But it does detract.” 
Colonel Bertroux had glanced up from his shattered reveries. The little gray-haired man fawned on him. “Pretty, eh?” he began. “I modeled her from my wife, y’know.” 
And he proceeded to tell the whole grim story, just as Bertrand had it from him a week before. He told it just as badly, and in practically the same words. Bertrand watched the sick-hurt look on the colonel’s face, and wondered with a start if he had not appeared much the same way when he listened for the first time. 
In curious parallel to his own behavior, it was the colonel who turned on his heel and walked away at the conclusion of the narrative. Bertrand followed, feeling the eyes of the little gray man appraising their departing backs in a quizzical fashion. 
They reached the street and walked in silence. The colonel’s face still wore that dazed expression. At the door of his lodging, the colonel turned to him. His voice was curiously hushed. “I—I think I’m beginning to understand, my boy. I’ll not trouble you again. I’m going back.” He marched up the street, shoulders strangely erect, leaving Bertrand to ponder. 
Not a word about the waxworks’ incident. Nothing! But he loved her too. Strange—the whole affair was strange. Was the colonel going away or fleeing? 
The little man had retold his story with such curious readiness. It was almost as though he had rehearsed it. Could it be that the entire business was a hoax of some sort? Perhaps it was all a fabrication, a clever ruse on the part of the museum keeper. 
Yes, that must be the explanation. Some artist had sold him the wax figure; he noted that its realistic beauty attracted lonely men, and concocted the story of a notorious murderess to fit the statue’s history. The case might be real enough, but the little man did not look as though he had ever been the husband of a murderess. Not her husband. The story was just bait, a lure to keep the men coming, keep their money rolling in. With a start, Bertrand computed the amount in francs he had spent visiting the museum these past weeks. It was considerable. Clever schemer! 
Still, the real attraction lay in the statue itself. The figure was so beautiful, so alive in its loveliness, through which there breathed a sort of alluring wickedness. Salome was a red witch, and there was a mystery in her which Bertrand felt he was soon to penetrate. He had to understand that smile and its spell over him. 
So thinking, he retired. And the next few days he wrote. He started an epic poem of surprising promise and labored without pause. He was thankful the colonel had left; grateful to her for helping. Perhaps she did understand; perhaps she was real; mayhap she heard his wild mutterings in the night, his lonely entreaties cast up to the stars. Perchance in some far-off poet’s Avalon she waited, or in some flaming poet’s Hell. He would find her— . 
He told her that the next day when he thanked her for removing Colonel Bertroux. He was going to recite to her a stanza of his sonnet when he became aware that the eyes of the museum keeper rested on him from a distance down the hall. 
He ceased his mutterings, crimson with shame. Spying on him? How often had he gloated over the anguish of the poor wretches enmeshed in her beauty? Withered little beast! Bertrand tried to look away. He stared at the new head of John the Baptist. Substitute, eh? He wondered under what circumstances the original had been cracked. Some fool with an umbrella, the little man had said. Tring to touch her—as though such a desire were granted a mere mortal! This substitute head was fine, though; as realistic as the first. The closed eyes of the blond young man lent a rather morbid note lacking in the pallid stare of the other. Still, it was not exactly John the Baptist. Hm. 
The little man was still staring. Bertrand cursed under his breath and turned away. No more peace today. He hurried down the hall, trying to appear oblivious. As he neared the door he bent his head and sought to avoid the stare of the keeper. In doing so he almost ran into the oncoming figure of a visitor. He muttered a hasty “Your pardon, please” and left. Turning back he gazed with a shock at the retreating back of the man he had jostled. 
Was he mad, or did he perceive the shoulders of Colonel Bertroux? 
But Bertroux had left—or had he? Was he lured back to worship in privacy, as Bertrand worshiped; as others did? Would the little old man stare at him? Had Salome ensnared another? 
Bertrand wondered. The next few days he came at odd hours, hoping to encounter the colonel. He was interested. He wanted to question the older man; seek to learn if he too were affected by this puzzling infatuation for a waxen image. 
Bertrand could have questioned the little gray museum keeper concerning his friend, but he felt a vague dislike for the fellow which restrained him. If the keeper’s story were a hoax he hated the imposture; if true, he could not forgive him for having known, for having embraced a beauty Bertrand would have given his life to possess. 
The poet left the museum in a state of mental anguish. He hated the place, hated its keeper; hated her because his love chained him. Must he come to this dark old dungeon forever, mutely suffering away his life for a glimpse of beauty forever denied him? Must he walk past mocking murderers in gloom to gaze into the eyes of his waxen tormentress? How long? The mystery was unseating his reason. How long? 
4

Wearily he climbed the steps to his  room. His key turned the lock, his door opened on lighted brilliance, and he stepped forward in surprise to confront—Colonel Bertroux. 
The old man was seated in the easy chair, his elbows resting on the table as he faced the poet. “Pardon this intrusion, boy,” said the colonel. “I used a skeleton key to enter. I could have waited outside for you, but I prefer remaining some place where I am locked in.” 
His voice was so grave and his face so serious as he spoke these last words that Bertrand accepted their import without questioning. He framed a reply; he wanted to inquire why Bertroux had not left town, if it had indeed been he whom the poet had seen leaving the museum a few hours previous. But the older man lifted a hand in a tired gesture and motioned Bertrand to a seat on the couch. His dim blue eyes stared out from a face lined with exhaustion. 
“Let me explain this visit,” he began. “But first, a few questions. I beg of you to answer these truthfully, my boy. Much depends on your veracity, as you shall learn.” 
Bertrand nodded, impressed by the utter gravity of his visitor. 
“First,” said the colonel, “I want to know just how long you have been visiting that wax museum.” 
“About a month. In fact, a month ago tomorrow I made my initial visit.” 
“And just how did you come to go there, of all places?” 
Bertrand explained the circumstances of the fog, the chance glimpse of the sign with its hint of shelter. The colonel listened intently. “Did the keeper speak to you during that first visit?” he asked. 
“No.” 
The old man started, blinked in puzzlement. He mumbled to himself. “Strange…eliminates hypnosis…latent force in the statue... never took that rot about demonology seriously.” He checked himself hastily, and his glance met Bertrand’s once again. He spoke very slowly. “Then it was— she —who drew you back?” 
There was that in his voice which caused Bertrand to affirm the truth; caused him to pour out his story in a ceaseless rush of words untouched by any attempt at concealment or adornment of the strange tale. At its conclusion the old man sighed, heavily. He stared at the floor for a long time. 
“I thought as much, my boy,” Colonel Bertroux said. “Your family sent me down suspecting that something—or rather, someone, was holding you here. I had guessed that it was a woman, but I never dreamed that she was a woman of wax. But when you took me to the museum and I saw how you gazed at that statue, I knew. After looking at the image myself, I knew and understood far more. And then I heard the tale of the museum keeper. It started me thinking—if think I could, with a mind bemused by that damnable beauty of the cursed figure. 
“At first, when I bid you goodbye, I intended to go. Not so much for your sake, but for my own. Yes, I shall admit it frankly, I feared for myself. Bertrand, you understand the power that strange image holds over you, and other men as well, if the keeper is to be believed. That power it exercised upon me. I was frightened by the feeling I, an old man long forsaken by thoughts of love, experienced on seeing that red witch.” 
Bertrand stared at the colonel, who continued without heed. 
“But I did not go back. The next day I returned to the museum in the morning, to gaze as you gazed, alone. And after an hour before that strange simulacrum, I left in a daze of wonder commingled with practical alarm. Whatever power that statue possessed, it was not good, or right, or wholly fashioned by sanity. 
“I acted on impulse. I recalled the story of the museum keeper, this man Jacquelin. I went down to the newspaper offices to search the files. At last I found the case. Jacquelin had stated that the affair occurred many years ago, but he had not said just how many. My dear boy, that case was closed over thirty years ago!” 
Bertrand’s gasp was cut short as Bertroux rushed on. 
“It was true, all true. There was a murder, and the wife of Doctor Jacquelin was convicted of it. It did come out that she had perpetrated five similar crimes under various names, and the journals of the day made capital out of certain testimony that was formally disbarred. This testimony spoke of wizardry, and hinted that Madame Jacquelin was a witch, whose mad butchering was actuated by a sort of sacrificial frenzy. The cult of the ancient goddess Hecate was mentioned, and the prosecution hinted that the redheaded woman was a priestess of some sort whose deeds constituted a monstrous worship. This offering of male blood in honor of a half-forgotten pagan deity was, naturally, disallowed as testimony; but there was enough evidence to convict the woman of actual killings. 
“It was fact, remember. And I uncovered things in the old papers of which this Jacquelin did not speak. The witchcraft theory was not formally recognized, but it got the doctor himself banned from the practise of medicine. It was more than substantiated that he was beginning to indulge in certain practises, encouraged by his wife; little pilferages of blood and flesh and sometimes vital organs from corpses in the morgues. That seems to be the real reason why he abandoned his practise after the trial and execution. 
“The narrative about obtaining his wife’s body from the morgue for sculpturing purposes is not mentioned, but there is an item about the body being stolen. And Jacquelin left Paris after the execution, thirty-seven years ago!” 
The colonel’s voice was harsh. “You can imagine what this discovery did to me. I searched through year after year in the files, trying to trace the path of the man. Never did I find the name of Jacquelin mentioned. But occasionally little disturbing items about traveling waxworks exhibits cropped up. There was a wagon show run under the name of Pallidi which toured the Basque provinces in 1916, and after it left one town the bodies of two young men were discovered buried beneath the lot where the exhibition tent had been pitched. They were headless. 
“A George Balto operated for a time in Antwerp under almost identical conditions about ’24. He was called in to testify concerning the case of a mutilated body found in the streets outside his museum one morning but was exonerated. There are other couplings of disappearance connected with waxworks, but the names and dates vary. In two of the later ones, however, the press reports distinctly describe a ‘short, gray-haired proprietor.’ 
“What does it all mean? I wondered. My first impulse was to communicate with the Sureté, but a pause convinced me that wild theories do not concern the police. There was much to be learned. The real mystery was just why men continue to stare at that statue. What is its power? I cast about for an explanation; for a time I guessed that the proprietor might hypnotize his solitary male visitors, using the statue as a medium. But why? For what purpose? And neither you nor myself was so hypnotized. No, there’s something about that image alone; some secret power connected with it that smacks of—I must admit it—sorcery. She’s like one of those ancient lamas one reads about in fairy-tales. One can’t escape her. 
“I couldn’t. After leaving the newspaper offices that afternoon I went back. I told myself that I was going to interview the little gray man, clear up the mystery. But in my heart I knew better. I brushed him aside as I entered the place and sought the statue. Once again I stared into her face and that terrible fascination of evil beauty flooded me. I tried to read her secret but she read mine. I felt that she knew my emotion toward her, and that she rejoiced and exercised her cold power to rule my mind. 
“I left in a daze. That evening at the hotel, while I tried to reason things out, to plan a course of action, I felt a strange urge to go back. It cut across my thoughts, and before I knew it I was on the street, walking toward the museum. It was dark, and I returned home. The longing persisted. Before I could sleep I was forced to bolt my door.” 
The colonel turned a sober face to Bertrand as he whispered.
“You, my friend, went to her willingly every day. Your torment at her aloofness was slight compared to mine, which fought against her enchantment. Because I would not go willingly she compelled. Her anguishing memory haunted me. This morning, as I started here to see you, she forced my footsteps to the museum. That’s why men go there—if willing, like you, they worship unbidden. If unwilling, she commands and they come. I went today. When you came I was ashamed and left. Then I came here, to wait, and opened your door so that I might lock it from the inside and fight to keep from leaving until I could see you. I had to tell you this so that we might act together.” 
“What do you propose?” Bertrand asked. It was strange how earnestly he believed the other’s story; he could realize only too easily that his beloved was evil without ceasing to adore her. He knew that he must fight against her siren magic even while his heart cried out to her. 
The colonel, he understood, shared his feelings. Therefore he asked eagerly: “We will go to the museum tomorrow,” the colonel said. “Together we will be strong enough to fight against that power, suggestion—whatever it is. We can speak frankly to Jacquelin, hear him out. If he refuses to talk, we shall go to the police. I am convinced that there is something unnatural about all this; murder, hypnotism, magic, or just plain imagination, we must get to the bottom of it quickly. I fear for you, and for myself. That cursed statue is chaining me to the spot, and always it seeks to draw me back. Let us clear up this affair tomorrow, before it is too late.” 
“Yes,” Bertrand agreed, dully. 
“Good. I will come for you about one in the afternoon. You will be ready?” 
Bowing at Bertrand’s nod of assent, the colonel withdrew. 

5

The poet worked all that evening on his poem; first to forget the strange tale of Bertroux, and second because he felt that he could not rest until he had completed his epic. In the back of his mind was a puzzling suspicion that he must work fast, that matters were coming to a head in such a fashion as to demand haste. 
He was exhausted by daybreak, and somehow thankful that his tired sleep would be dreamless. He wanted to be free of that flame-haired image that haunted him by night, free to forget his terrible bondage to a wax woman. 
He slept deeply as the sun crept from window to window of his attic room. When he arose it was with the prescience that noontide had passed, though by this time the sunlight had gradually faded into a mist of yellow fog that grew ever thicker beyond the windowpanes. Glancing at his watch he was startled to note that it was already long past three o’clock. 
Where was the colonel? Bertrand was confident that his concierge would have awakened him with racket to spare should he have a daytime visitor. No, the colonel had not come. And that meant only one thing. He had been called, lured. Bertrand jumped up, raced to the door. Hastily he crammed the finished manuscript of his poem into the ulster he donned against the encroaching fog. He took the stairs hastily, then rushed out along the dismal, fog-drowned streets. 
This was like that first day, a month ago. And still he was running to the museum to keep his inevitable tryst with torment. 
The very movement seemed to make him forgetful of his real errand, the finding of the colonel. Instead he could think only of her as he rushed through the gray fog to the gray room, the gray man, and the scarlet glory of her hair. 
The building loomed out of the mounting mists ahead. He hurried down the stairs, entered. The place was deserted, the little doorkeeper gone. A strange surmise rose in Bertrand’s heart, but it receded before an irresistible urge to commune once more with Salome. The air was tense with a feeling of impending fury, as though the crystallization of some cosmic dread was near. The murderers leered waxen within as he paced down the hall. No Bertroux. 
Deserted in the darkness, he stood alone before her. Never had she seemed so radiant as today. In the half-light she wavered, slitted eyes shining with wild invitation to forbidden rhapsodies. Her lips hungered. Bertrand leaned forward, staring into that inscrutable, agelessly evil face. Something about her knowing smile of appeasement caused him to glance down —to glance at the silver salver that held the head of John the Baptist. Staring, still, wide-eyed it gaped. 
The head of Colonel Bertroux!
Then he knew as he glanced at the mocking smile of anguish, glanced at the blood flooding forth from the slashed neck. Realistic art! The first head a month ago, the second last week, and now the colonel, who felt the flooding desire to return. Young men forever coming to worship her beauty— newspaper accounts of decapitation tragedies. The beauty of a murderess unveiled in a deserted wax museum— she who had beheaded her lovers for witchery. How often was that head changed? 
The little gray man crouched at his back, his eyes filled with leaden fire. His hand held a surgeon’s knife. He smiled—at her. And he mumbled. “Why not? You love her. I love her. She was not like a mortal woman —she was a witch. Yes, she killed when she lived, she liked the blood of men and the sight of eyes forever fixed in worship of her beauty. We worshipped together her mistress Hecate. Then they guillotined her. And so—I stole the body to model this image. I became her priest. Men come and they desire her, and to them I bring the gift I bring to you. Because they love her, I give them what I can—the chance to rest their tortured heads within her hands. Wax hands, perhaps, but her spirit is near. They all feel her spirit, and that is why they come and adore. Her spirit talks to me at night and asks me to bring new lovers. We have traveled together many years, she and I, and now we have returned to Paris for new adorers. They must lie in her hands, bleeding and bright, and stare their stare of love forever into her face. When she tries, I give her a new admirer. 
“The colonel came this morning, and when I told him that which I tell you, he consented. They all do. And you shall consent, my friend; I know you will. Think of it: to lie within her pale white hands and stare forever; to die with the benediction of her beauty in your eyes! You will make the sacrifice, won’t you? No one will know; they never suspect. You will play John the Baptist? You want me to, now, don’t you? You want me to –” 
Hypnosis. Hypnosis at the last. Bertrand tried to move as the voice droned, the eyes stared in glorious pleading from above. 
And the cold edge of the knife caressed his throat. The blade began to bite. He heard words through the gray fog, through the scarlet fog as he stared into her face. She was a witch, a Medusa—to lie within her arms and worship as others had worshipped! A poet’s death? In a moment his head would be resting on the salver and he could see her as he sank into the dark. He could never possess her—why live on? Why not die and know her radiance forever? It was easy, her husband knew and he was being kind to Bertrand. Kind. 
The knife bit. Bertrand’s hand went up. A sudden horror flickered in his soul. He grappled with the screaming little madman and the blade clattered to the floor. They fell in a lashing embrace, as Bertrand tore at the pudgy gray face, clawed deeply in the blazing eyes of the maniac. 
Murderer! Wizard! Madman! 
Something deep within him had risen in resurrection. Youth—sanity—the will to live. His fingers pressed as he shoved the gray man’s head against the floor. Pie squeezed, throttled, until time dissolved in the welter of red anger. When his hands finally loosened, the little maniac lay quite still and dead. 
Bertrand rose and faced his impassive goddess. Her smile was unchanged. He looked again into her infernal beauty and his soul wavered once more. Then his hands fumbled at the breast of his ulster and he gained courage. 
He drew forth the crumpled manuscript that lay there—his finished poem to Salome. 
He found matches. 
He lit the manuscript. It flamed as he held it forth, held it to her flaming hair. Fire mingled with fire as she continued to stare in the way Bertrand could not yet understand; the terrible way that enchanted him and all men and lured them to doom. 
Impulse seized him even at the last. He took Salome in his arms—took her in his arms as she burned, writhing and moving with fiery life. He held her close for a moment as the glowing flames spread, then eased her again to the stand. She was burning horribly fast. 
Witches must burn… 
And like a witch, her dying features changed. They melted into a hideous mass—her face became a gargoyle horror, a melting, shapeless yellow blob from which two glassy eyes fell like blue tears. Her body wriggled in agony as wax limbs sloughed. She was real then—real, and tortured. Tortured, just as Bertrand was as he beheld her waxen agonies. Tortured by fire; but a fire that purified. 
Then it was all over. Bertrand stared at the man on the floor; still and dead he lay as the fire began creeping redly against the fog. It would soon blot the museum out forever; blot out the horror that lured men to a tragic re-enactment of an ancient crime. Fire purified. 
Bertrand stared again at the little pile of melted yellow liquid that lay bubbling and seething as though in some hasty process of putrefaction. He stared, and then he prayed that the fire would mount swiftly. Now, with a gasp of horror, he understood, knew the mystery of her allure which had eluded him. 
The maniac murderer on the floor— he had fashioned the statue from the morgue-procured body of his wife. This he had told Bertrand. But now Bertrand saw more; knew and guessed the secret of the statue’s evil power. There is a miasma of evil about the dead body of a witch. . . . 
Bertrand turned and ran sobbing from the redly ravaged room, ran sobbing from the sight of that yellow, bubbling pile of melted wax from which protruded the charred, bony skeleton of a woman that had served as the statue’s frame . 

