Through Brian’s Eyes

Chapter 1

When sixteen-year-old Kyle Stapley heard the uncontrolled screeching of tires behind his bicycle, he was sure he was about to get hit. He wanted to change his current heading, but he was already on the sidewalk. Where else could he go? Turn into the street and surely die? He did the only thing he could do - duck towards his handlebars. He guessed the next thing he'd notice was his bike disappearing from beneath him while the grill of the vehicle launched him into the air as if shot out of a canon. A couple of seconds of weightlessness would be the last sensation he'd ever feel depending on where and how he landed. Does it hurt being dead? What about being paralyzed? Broken bones had to hurt. While questions about his ultimate fate orbited his brain at lightning speed, nothing happened. He was just about to lift up when he heard a loud crunch followed by more screeching tires behind him, but this time the sound was farther back. He slammed on his brakes, forcing his tires to skid. When his bike stopped, he set his feet down and twisted around. What the hell happened back there?

As he caught his breath, the first thing he saw was his friend, Vance Gidwell, coasting toward him. How could Vance be so calm while he thought he was about to die? Further behind Vance was a new burgundy SUV sitting cockeyed upon the sidewalk they were on, just outside the creepy Southern Pines Cemetery, with steam billowing from its hood. Across the now empty four-lane street sat an older white sedan sitting sideways across the left lane, its driver-side quarter panel crushed all the way back to the cracked windshield. So that’s what scared him to death. He wondered who hit who? Vance pulled up next to him and stopped. Okay, now where the hell is Adam?

“Vance, do you see Adam anywhere?”

Vance twisted around and said, “Whoa, that’s a bad accident, and it just missed me. What did you say?”

“Do you see Adam?”

Vance scanned the gathering crowd. “No, I don’t see him anywhere.”

Where was that guy? Kyle bet he stopped to see to see the aftermath of the accident. He always did stuff like that. Seconds passed and still no Adam.

“I’m going back to see if he’s somewhere in the crowd,” Kyle said.

“Wait, I’ll come with you.”

Kyle flipped his bike around and pedaled toward the accident with Vance following close behind. The strong odor of burning rubber, exhaust fumes, and whatever was in the steam invaded his nostrils as he closed in. Boy, did it stink. He stopped short of the gathering crowd and still didn’t see Adam. He glimpsed into the cemetery grounds, but noted Vance didn’t. Why did the accident have to take place outside the cemetery? It was the only place in town the three friends despised. A gleam from under the SUV caught Kyle’s eye.

“Vance. Look at that. Isn’t that Adam’s bicycle wheel?

“Where?”

“Down there underneath the SUV.”

“I think so. Where is he?”

“I don’t know. I still don’t see him. I hope this SUV didn’t hit him. Come on Vance. You check near the cemetery’s fence and I’ll make my way through the crowd to see if he’s in there somewhere.”

“Why do I have to check near the fence? You know how I feel about cemeteries.”

“It won’t take long. I’ll meet you on the other side. Just forget about Pet Sematary. It was only a movie. It wasn’t real.”

“Okay, but hurry up. You know I hate cemeteries, especially this one.”

“Okay, let’s go.”

Kyle was aware that Vance watched the movie Pet Sematary without his parent’s permission when he was eight-years-old, and now, each time they passed by it, Vance refused to look inside.

Kyle huffed when he saw all the people gawking at the accident. Is anybody helping whoever’s in the SUV? He turned sideways, squeezing past onlookers. He finally spotted people helping the victims but still no Adam.

Through the crowd’s chatter, he heard Vance’s voice.

“Kyle! Kyle! Back here! I found Adam! Help! Somebody help!” Vance’s voice cracked.

The pitch of Vance’s voice made Kyle’s eyebrows rise. Something was very wrong. He battled his way through the throng of people. They weren’t doing anything anyway. When he reached the rear of the crowd, he spotted Vance standing within the cemetery grounds staring down at something behind the waist high bushes. There was no way Vance would ever enter that cemetery, not without being dragged in. But there he was, standing there, stiff as a statue, and even with his African-American skin tone, Vance’s face looked devoid of blood.

Kyle hopped over the short wrought-iron fence surrounding the expanse of the cemetery and approached Vance, but he didn’t acknowledge him and continued staring at the ground. Kyle moved aside, away from the bushes and finally saw what Vance was staring at. There was Adam Trenton beneath a blood-spattered headstone, lying on his side with blood cascading over his face down into the grave’s soil.

Kyle’s blood iced over. In all his sixteen years, he’d never seen anyone hurt so badly outside of television or the movies. He didn’t know what to do. Should he try to move Kyle? No, that may hurt him even more or even kill him. He turned to the adults that were leaning over the fence staring. They had cell phones, but none of them were calling for help. Instead, they were snapping pictures which made Kyle's blood boil.

Then he detected the wail of a siren which grew louder then stopped. Two more sirens followed. He hopped back over the fence and sprinted around the outside of the crowd. He didn’t care which emergency vehicles they were. He stopped before running into the street and spotted three police cars. An officer stopped traffic in both directions while the others were examining the accident victims. Kyle sprinted to the one he considered least busy – the one directing traffic.

“Hey! Excuse me, sir! Excuse me, but my friend was hit by that SUV, and he was knocked into the cemetery. I think his head hit a headstone and he’s bleeding a lot. Can you help him?” The officer followed him over the fence, and once he saw Adam, he kneeled down.

“Vance, did Kyle move at all?”

Vance didn’t answer. Kyle looked over. Vance was near tears and shivering. Tears rolled down his cheeks. Without a word, Vance turned, jumped the fence, and ran toward his bike. Kyle’s jaw dropped when he saw his other best friend bolt, leaving him alone to tend to Adam. He should be furious, but he understood. Vance was always the shy one of the trio who never got involved in to many activities outside of school. The sight of Adam, bloodied, and laying in a cemetery must have been too much for him, but at least he found Adam.

Kyle growled at the crowd as they continued gawking at his injured friend, taking pictures and pointing. If they want pictures, he’ll give them something to take a picture of. Up went both middle fingers and he ensured everyone had a clear view of them. They continued gawking while other’s laughed. Kyle had had enough.

“Why don’t you help my friend instead of taking pictures of him? You’re all worthless. I wished you’d just get outta here and go home.”

The officer paused, looked up, and said,

“You heard the young man. Everyone not here to help should leave. You’re contaminating this scene.”
The crowd’s chatter increased as it began breaking up. 

Multiple ambulances arrived on the scene, and he hoped someone would come over to examine his friend. Seconds later, a couple of paramedics crossed the fence and knelt down next to Adam. The officer leaned in and whispered something to the them. Kyle couldn’t hear what the officer said, but he didn’t like the stoic look it left on their faces. What did he say? The officer stood up and stepped back to give them plenty of room to work.

They treated Adam like a newborn, with one focusing on his bloodied head while the other ran a stethoscope around his chest, and by the paramedic’s expression, Kyle believed he couldn't find a pulse. He began ringing his hands.

They slowly rolled Adam onto his back and tore open his shirt. This was not good - not good at all. Then the paramedic brought out the paddles. Was his friend dead? The rest of the world evaporated, and he found it hard to breathe.

Adam’s body convulsed from the electrical shock after the paramedic yelled “clear”. He cringed and could feel the surge of electricity coursing through his own body. They prepared the paddles again. Adam couldn’t be dead. Kyle’s muscles tightened when Adam’s body convulsed upward again. How many times were they going to keep doing that to him? The paramedic with the stethoscope announced he'd found a heartbeat. Kyle became lightheaded and thought he would faint. He let out a deep breath, discovering that he’d been holding it, while the paramedics stowed their equipment.

Without warning, Adam’s body lurched upward. Kyle jumped back and so did the officer. The paramedics turned with wide eyes. What’s wrong with him? Why is he doing that? The paramedics looked afraid to touch him. Then a paramedic forced Adam’s body back down to the ground while the other retrieved the stethoscope again.

“He still has a heartbeat. Have you ever seen anything like that before?” said one paramedic to the other.

“Never. When I pushed him back down, it felt like he suffered from rigor mortis. That’s the strangest thing I ever saw. Let’s get him to the hospital quick.” One paramedic hopped the fence and ran toward the ambulance.

Kyle dropped his shoulders. Would Adam even make it to the hospital? He clinched his jaw when the paramedic returned with a bright orange fiberglass board and immobilizing blocks, and watched them secure Adam on the board, placing the blocks on either side of his head to keep it very still. The officer assisted lifting his friend over the fence and they carted him off into the back of an ambulance. Kyle was only a spectator. He wanted to, and could have helped the paramedics and officer, but that last convulsion twisted his mind. For the briefest amount of time, he thought Adam became possessed. Every movie about exorcism he’d ever seen poisoned his thoughts.

Kyle remained at the cemetery as the ambulance disappeared around the corner, its siren wailing announcing that his friend may be on the verge of death. He was broken, having lost two friends in a manner of minutes. Yes, he knew he'd lost Vance also. The sheer look of terror upon his friend’s face made him wonder if they would ever have the relationship they had before the accident.

The smoky exhausts of roaring tow truck engines filled the air as the damaged vehicles were lifted then driven away. Stragglers still milled around the crash scene, and the officer who attended to Adam was one of them. The officer stared at the bloody headstone Adam’s head smashed into, and Kyle hopped over the fence to join him. The inscription on the headstone read,

Brian Kinkaid
1989-2015
May God Have Pity on Your Soul

That name meant something to Kyle, but he wasn’t sure why. The officer looked over and smiled, but Kyle couldn’t return it. Suddenly, he blurted out,

“Do you know what caused the accident?”

“Not yet, son.” The officer shook his head and commented, “Brian Kinkaid! Oh boy! A lot of people are glad he’s dead.”

“Why?”

“He hurt a lot of people in this town about two years ago, and the State of Kansas had the last word.”

“They executed him?”

The officer looked down with wide eyes and said, “Yes, that’s right. They executed him.”

“Oh. If my friend hadn’t hit his head on that headstone, he might have been fine.”

“I’m sorry about your friend, but we need to begin our investigation. I hope your friend will be okay.”

“I do too,” Kyle said, hanging his head as he turned. He hopped back over the fence once more and headed for his bike.

Chapter 2

What happened today? How could Kyle lose both friends in less than a half hour? His bicycle ride home was slow, with him coasting much of the way. What could he have done to change the outcome of any of it? If they would have left home a little bit earlier or later, or if he didn't ask Vance for that glass of water, none of it may have happened. A car engine roared, and he almost lost control of his handlebars nearly running into the front of a store. He snapped out of the ‘what if’ scenarios and paid attention to what he was doing. A car blasted its horn and he twisted quickly sending his bike out of control again. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so jittery. Although he began paying attention to riding his bike, a slew of mental snapshots appeared in his head; images of Adam bleeding, the bloody headstone, Vance’s sorrowful expression, and Adam’s bicycle wheel wedged beneath the SUV. After a while, he thought it may be safer to walk his bike home. Home is where he desired to be at the moment and it became his next worry.

He just wanted to go to his room and rest, but the only way that would happen is if he avoided his mother who was there right now. Telling her what happened was sure to invite an inquisition followed by a lecture about traffic safety, even if he did nothing wrong. She’d find some way to pin everything on him. He had to get to his room without being seen, at least initially. He needed to be alone right now.

About a half-mile from the cemetery, he turned left from Catherine Avenue onto Elwood Drive where all three boys lived. This eclectic street was similar to most streets in the small city of Southern Pines. The house styles varied from small colonials to ranches and bungalows, and most houses brandished well-fed lawns. Concrete sidewalks ran along both sides of the street to offset the deep green grass. The single eyesore was the zigzagged black tar lines used to seal the street’s surface after the winter weather and spring thaw.

The boys lived on the same side of the street, not far from one another. Adam’s house sat closest to Catherine Avenue, and he fought the strong urge to tell Adam’s parents what happened. He believed all their parents were in cahoots, trying their best to blame anything they could on their teenage sons. He’d seen it with his own parents, and Adam’s parents were just as adamant. Vance’s parents were a bit more understanding, but if they suspected anything, they would be on his ass in a minute. Two cars sat in Adam’s open garage meaning Adam’s parents were home. He stared at their house as he pedaled by.

Next, he came upon Vance’s home. His father’s blue Century sedan sat parked in the driveway. His dad kept it meticulously clean, just like his yard, and this diligence rubbed off on Vance. Vance was a neat freak who always kept his bicycle clean and well oiled, always tucked his shirt into his pants, and his short afro was always combed and shaped. Entering Vance’s house was like entering a very nice hotel. The fragrances in each room were fresh and crisp, and everything was in order, even Vance’s room. His mother kept snacks at the ready, and Kyle and Adam took advantage of that fact. They would visit just to indulge because Vance’s mom seldom said no, and Vance didn’t seem to mind. He hoped things wouldn’t change too much.

An image of Vance’s face popped into his head. He looked so pitiful. Ever since the fourth grade, the trio was inseparable. They were in the same classes in school and often hung out together on the weekends. Getting hurt was just part of their fun. They’d all been hurt at one time or another while playing, and if hurt bad enough, crying or yelling was inevitable, but this was different; Adam almost died. Was Vance hurt even more, and would their relationships change the next time they met?

His home sat four houses down from Vance’s, and as he drew nearer, he didn’t feel much better. He didn’t want to confront his mother at all, not now. He sucked at keeping things from his mother, and she had a knack at finding out the truth. 

He turned into his driveway, peddled towards the back of the house, and leaned his bike against the back wall. Raising the garage would make too much noise. He opened and closed the back door as quietly as possible, and stepped lightly across the kitchen’s tile floor. His sneakers barely made a sound. A wonderful smell came from the silver pot on the stove; maybe something with chicken or beef in it. He was hungry, but it had to wait for now. He crept through the kitchen but remained upright so if his mother caught him, it wouldn’t appear that he was sneaking in. 

The ivory carpeting in the hallway and on the stairs concealed his footsteps even more, and he resisted the urge to run up the stairs like he always did. Stepping onto the landing, he turned the corner and saw his open bedroom door at the end of the hallway. That's just the way he left it. A few more steps and he was home free. He was about to enter his room when his mother popped out with an armful of his dirty laundry.

“I didn’t hear you come in. How come you’re home so soon?”

There it was, the one question he never wanted to answer. Should he lie or tell the truth? He was stuck. His eyes shifted from side to side as his mind crunched away like a Cray supercomputer, searching for an appropriate response, but before he could answer, his mother asked,

“What’s wrong Kyle? Why do you look like that?”

The inquisition was in full throttle now. He knew there would be no way he would be able to lie fast or well enough to scoot around that second question. He swallowed the lump in his throat and looked straight into her eyes and said,

“Mom, Adam got hurt riding his bike. They took him to the hospital.”

“What? What? He got hurt? What did you do?” she accused as she leaned towards him.

“Nothing! I didn’t do nothin’. We were riding our bikes on the sidewalk, and I heard a car skidding. When me and Vance stopped and turned around. Adam wasn’t there. He…”

“Whaddaya mean he wasn’t there? Where was he?” she interrupted, filling him with fear.

“We saw his bicycle stuck under an SUV that landed up on the curb in front of the cemetery. I think the SUV hit him. Me and Vance went back to look for him, and Vance found him lying in the cemetery.”

“OH MY GOD! Is he okay? Tell me, is he okay?”

“I think so. It looked like his head hit a headstone. Mom, there was so much blood. The police tried to help him, but couldn’t do much. When the paramedics came, they had to use those paddles. After his body jumped, they said he had a pulse, then they took him away in an ambulance.”

“How did his head hit a headstone? How?”

Kyle shrugged then dropped his shoulders and said, “I don’t know mom! I didn’t see it happen. We only heard the cars crashing. His head hit Brian Kinkaid’s headstone and there was blood splattered all over it.”

Her whole demeanor shifted from accusatory to apprehension. She knew something about Brian Kinkaid, and from the look on her face, it was something vile, something painful. It was his chance to ask her a question.

“Mom, I know that name…Brian Kinkaid. Who is he?”

“I…I don’t want to talk about it. Not now. Oh my God. Do Adam’s parents know what happened?”

“I don’t know. I didn’t go over there and tell them. I came right home. Who was Brian Kinkaid?”

She tried stepping around him, but he shifted in front of her. He wanted an answer, plus it felt nice to question her for a change.

“I said I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Are you scared to tell me?”

“No, I’m not scared. Brian Kinkaid was this town’s serial killer. He killed seven people for no reason. He was crazy, but they caught him and threw the book at him. He was found guilty, and they executed him, okay? That’s who Brian Kinkaid was.”

He’d made a big mistake. He didn’t expect such details, but it aroused his curiosity. He could find more about Kinkaid online. Then his mother commanded, “Move out of my way Kyle. I’ve got to call Adam’s mother and let her know her son is in the hospital. Do you know which hospital?”

“No, I don’t, mom.”

“Alright. Stay in your room in case she wants to talk to you. You hear me?” and she stormed off down the hallway.

“Yes, ma’am,” he said, hanging his head as he entered his room. 

Nothing went right. If he could do it over again, he wouldn’t have come home and would have just stayed outside. He took a seat at his small desk and switched on his laptop. He entered Brian Kinkaid’s name into the browser, and a slew of web links appeared. He chose the first one, the one at Wikipedia.org. There it was, a picture of Brian Kinkaid, and the chill from the sight made goosebumps rise on his arms. 

Arching over Kinkaid’s wide eyes were dark bushy eyebrows. His strong jawbones protruded from his face, and his hooked nose could have come from a Halloween witch. His straight black hair was combed backward and matted to his scalp. His mouth was drawn so tight it seemed like he was biting the inside of his lower lip. The picture was unflattering, to say the least. It was downright scary. 

The accompanying article about his life and death included disturbing facts which included Kinkaid’s refusal to apply for an appeal of his execution. He canvased Kinkaid’s entire biography. The article’s descriptions of each murder creeped him out, but he couldn’t stop reading. Images of Adam’s bloody head and the blood-stained headstone kept easing their way back into his mind, adding to the dread he was already experiencing.

He was in another world; a dark, foreboding world he hated. He wanted out, but he couldn’t leave. He couldn’t erase the images of Adam and the headstone. Then he jumped when a wail came from downstairs,

“Kyle, get down here now!”

He loathed that tone. What does she want now? He didn’t know which was worse, the Wikipedia article or his mom’s blast. He was halfway down the hallway when she bellowed once again, causing him to flinch and pick up his pace. He entered the kitchen to find his mom on the phone with her hand covering the phone's mouthpiece.

“Tell Adam’s mom what happened. Tell her everything, you hear?”

“Okay.” He took the phone from her and said, “Hello?”

He listened, then spilled his guts. He told her everything, even about Vance’s expeditious departure. He glanced over at his mom many times, and it looked like she was more incensed, but he didn’t know why. It wasn’t his fault. He turned away from her to concentrate on what Adam’s mom was saying. Her voice was unsteady, but he found out the hospital Adam was taken to and that he was in critical condition. He sighed upon hearing the news, but Adam’s mom wasn’t finished. She said Adam died right there in the cemetery, and the defibrillator brought him back to life. He never imagined he actually died. That was the last thing she told him about Adam, and it was enough. She was both apologetic and thankful, not upset with him like his mother. When she finished, he handed the phone back to his mom and stepped aside. His mother’s expression softened as she spoke, with many “you’re welcome” and “I’m so sorry” being passed about. He held his breath when she hung up the phone.

“Kyle, you did a good thing getting that officer to check on Adam. You’re a good friend. Come here.”

He walked over, and she pulled him in tightly. So tight, it almost hurt, but he appreciated it and returned the hug. When she released him, she asked,

“What happened with Vance? Did he leave Adam laying there?”

“No mom, it wasn’t like that. He’s the one who found Adam. He got scared. I could see it in his eyes. I mean really scared, and he started crying. Then he got on his bike and rode away. He didn’t mean to leave Adam, but I don’t think he could help it.”

“Poor boy. Sounds like he was traumatized. I hope he’ll be okay. He’s such a nice, quiet boy.”

“I hope so, too. I wanted to check on him before I came home, but I changed my mind.”

“That’s alright. You can go over there whenever you get the chance.”

“Thanks, mom.”

He displayed a small smile, then turned and headed back upstairs to get on his computer and finish what he started.

*****

While Adam remained hospitalized, Kyle's obsession with the events of Brian Kinkaid’s life and death grew deeper. He couldn’t get enough, and he scoured the Internet searching for anything about the serial killer. If his mother ever found out, she’d surely lock up his computer, but he knew ways to conceal his findings from her. 

The information he discovered about Kinkaid’s atrocities were both terrifying and barbaric. Just random people in the wrong places at the wrong times. There was no pattern, no notes left behind, and no particular type of individual he attacked. They spanned age, race, and religion. Even the time of day was inconsistent. A woman spotted him as he attacked his last victim, and her description led to his capture. 

Kinkaid’s trial was just as frenzied as his murders, with guards posted on either side as he sat in the courtroom with arms and legs shackled to his seat. He threatened everyone in the courtroom with untamed outbursts, including the judge. He spat at prosecutors and cursed witnesses. He was removed from the courtroom on numerous occasions, causing havoc on the way out each time. When the jury found him guilty, he vowed to kill each juror in addition to the prosecutors and judge. Even the officers transporting him between the courtroom and his cell didn’t escape his wrath. He was going to kill everyone.

On the day of his execution, they placed a muzzle over his mouth, like Hannibal Lecter, strapped him into a straitjacket, and carted him off to the execution room. The guards lifted his body onto the gurney and pinned him down with thick leather straps. They loosened the harness securing his left arm, and he flailed it around, reaching for anything to grab onto but was quickly overpowered. They slammed his arm onto the protruding arm of the gurney and strapped it down tightly. He grunted and balled his fist when the doctor inserted the needle. He was ready to receive his drug cocktail. His muted tirade through the muzzle meant business. As he lay on his back, he sneered and cursed at the witnesses behind the pane of glass, again vowing to return. Nothing was easy. When it was time, the doctor administered the drugs into his bloodstream. He fought even harder, squirming and cussing. News reports stated witnesses found his death terrifying, with a few becoming afraid he wasn’t going to die. However, the drugs cast their final deadly spell, and he slumped back down, never to breathe again.

Chapter 3

Both Kyle and Vance visited their hospitalized friend to check on his progress. Adam was doing exceptionally well for someone who’d died briefly. His doctors could have released him after the first week, but they were overly cautious about his head injury. That headstone fractured his skull, and both Kyle and Vance joked about Adam’s newfangled yamaka made of white hospital gauze. Even though Adam was in good spirits, Kyle sensed he was restless from staying in bed so long. He never mentioned Vance’s sudden departure from the accident scene or the unexplained seizure Adam suffered after being brought back to life. Adam was doing well and back with his friends, and that’s all Kyle cared about.

Shortly after Adam was released from the hospital, school was back in session. They usually walked to school together and all was well that first week. After that, Kyle and Vance noticed subtle changes in Adam’s behavior. It wasn’t an all-consuming change, but more like new and unusual ticks in his personality. They still found him fun to hang out with, but many of his comments confused them. Kyle observed that Adam’s meek demeanor would be tainted at times. He would become aggressive for no reason then revert to his normal self, and it was his sudden aggressiveness that Kyle didn’t understand. 

One weekend while the three friends were all together, Adam threatened to ‘kill’ Vance, and it wasn’t conveyed in a joking manner. Vance became upset and rode his bike home. Kyle guided his bike over to Adam and said,

“Adam, why did you say that? He didn’t do anything.”

“I don’t know. It just came out. I didn’t mean it. You know how much I like Vance.”

“I know you do, but you also know how easily he can be hurt with words. You’re going to have to go apologize to him, and mean it.

“I will. We can head over to his house now.

“Before we go, I’ve got to tell you you’ve been acting a little differently since your accident.”

“I know, and I don’t understand it. My parents say I act different too. I don’t like it. I just want to be normal like before.”

“You are normal most of the time.”

“But I want to be normal all the time.”

Kyle could sense the pain and conflict Adam felt and wished he had some way of helping him. They resumed riding around the neighborhood, eventually ending up at Vance’s house. Kyle knocked on the door while Adam sat on his bike in the driveway. Vance’s mother opened the door and peeked outside.

“Hello, Kyle. Hi, Adam. Adam, it’s nice to see you’re okay.”

“Thank you Mrs. Gidwell,” Adam said speaking loud enough so she could hear him.

“Can we see Vance?” Kyle asked.

“Sure. Let me get him.”

As she walked away, Kyle motioned for Adam to join him at the door. Adam set his bike down and strolled over. 

“You’ve got to apologize to Vance.”

Adam stared down at the porch. “I know. I didn’t mean it.”

Vance timidly approached the door and held it open, then said, “What do you want?” 

“Vance, I’m really sorry for what I said. I didn’t mean it. I don’t know why I’m saying so many strange things now,” Adam shuffled from side to side as he looked at Vance.

“Thanks, Adam. We’re cool. I’ve been wondering why you’ve been talking like that too.”

“Vance, get your bike. Let’s ride over to the school and hang out on the steps. I want to talk to you both about something, and it concerns you, Adam,” Kyle said as he stepped back from the door.

“Okay, hold on. Let me tell my mother I’m leaving.”

Vance shut the front door as Kyle and Adam returned to their bikes. They flipped their bikes around then heard the back door shut. Vance’s rattling chain signaled that he was already coasting towards them, so they all glided down the driveway and onto the sidewalk. It was just like old times. They rode in close formation, but then Kyle suddenly pulled away. Vance and Adam pedaled with all their might trying to catch Kyle, but Vance was the first to tucker out. Kyle laughed and slowed down to allow his companions to catch up. 

They scrambled around the corner onto Catherine Avenue, pedaled past the cemetery, and kept going until they saw the school’s parking lot. After taking a shortcut through the parking lot, they hustled down the walkway leading to the short stairway at the school’s side doors. The building provided wonderful shade from the sun. Well-groomed bushes ran along the entire length of the school with a break where the entrance stairs sat. The six steel doors with small glass windows acted as guardians, keeping everyone out. Kyle saw a small flock of sparrows shoot skyward as they coasted to a stop at the base of the stairs. Each released their kickstands, dismounted their bikes, and sat close to one another on the stairs.

“Man, I wish we had something sweet like a couple of candy bars,” Vance said as he wiped beads of sweat from his forehead.

“Ahhh man, that would be awesome,” Adam replied as he propped himself up on the step behind him and leaned back.

“I could go for some too,” Kyle said, then he quickly scanned the area to ensure they were alone. “Look, this is what I wanted to tell both of you.” Kyle’s smile faded.

Looking directly at Adam, Kyle said, “I hope you guys don’t think I’m crazy, but Adam, I think something happened to you when you hit your head.” He paused, and his eyes dropped to the stairs. “The day you had your accident, me and Vance came looking for you. It was Vance that found you laying in the cemetery. We jumped over the fence to see if you were alright, but you weren’t, and I went and got help.” Kyle glanced sideways at Vance, reluctant to continue. “Well…Vance became upset. Isn’t that right Vance?”

Vance’s eyes widened then he nodded his head.

Kyle continued, “He was in shock to see you hurt so badly, so he went home.”

Vance interrupted and said, “I’m sorry Adam. I’ve never seen anything like that, and I couldn’t take it. I’m sorry.”

“That's okay Vance. You’re the one that found me,” Adam said as he softly patted Vance’s knee in appreciation.

“I stuck around,” Kyle continued. “An officer kneeled down to check on you. I thought you were dead. Then the paramedics came over and used those defibrillator paddles on you a couple of times. Your body jumped, and they found your pulse. Okay, this is the weird part. When that SUV knocked you off your bike, your head hit the headstone of a guy named Brian Kinkaid. He was a serial killer they executed a couple of years ago. While the paramedics were packing up the defibrillator, your body jumped up again. I mean it really jumped. Your back was arched so high, it looked like something was holding you up. Man, it was really scary, and everybody who saw it jumped, including the paramedics. Eventually, one of them had to force you back down. It was the weirdest thing I'd ever seen.”

Both Vance and Adam stared at Kyle with confused looks, then Adam leaned forward and said,

“Why are you telling me this?”

“Look, I found a lot of stuff online about Brian Kinkaid,” Kyle explained. “He was totally crazy. He killed seven people in town, and he vowed to come back from the dead and kill everybody connected to his arrest, trial, and death.”

“I still don’t know why you’re telling me this.”

Kyle swallowed the large lump in his throat then took a deep breath.

“Adam…some of the things you’ve been saying. Some of them were the same words Brian Kinkaid said. The way you spoke to Vance earlier today. That’s the way Brian Kinkaid spoke. I saw some of the courtroom footage.”

Adam stared without blinking, then leaned back. “So what does that mean?”

“I don’t know, man.”

“Then why did you bring all of this up, Kyle?” Vance asked, still confused by what Kyle was trying to say.

“Well, you know Adam’s been acting a little strange since the accident, and…and…, well maybe Brian Kinkaid’s spirit jumped into Adam’s body right when he came back to life. You didn’t see how twisted his body looked when it jumped up the third time.”

The high-pitched squawks of distant birds were the only sounds at that moment. Kyle could feel their piercing stares stabbing him like needles in a pin cushion. Would they believe him or would they think he’s the crazy one? The shade felt colder -- as cold as their stares. He wished someone would say something. He looked down, remorseful of his comments and unsure about what was going through their minds.

“Kyle,” Adam said, but Kyle kept his head down. “Kyle!” Kyle looked up. “Do you really think his spirit jumped into me?”

In a hushed tone, Kyle said, “I don’t know. Maybe I’ve seen too many of those stupid horror movies. I just know that since your accident, you don’t act like your old self.”

“Adam, it’s true,” Vance said. “You never talked like that to me before, but I don’t believe anything jumped into you. However, something did happen from the accident. Some type of side effect. You were hurt bad.” 

Adam was speechless. He looked at both of them, then looked off into the distance.

“Adam,” Kyle called.

“Wait,” Adam answered then turned to look at Vance. “Vance, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize I was so mean to you,” then he turned to Kyle and said, “Kyle, I don’t know. You say you see these things, and I see it sometimes. I don’t know what to think.”

“Look, man, I’m sorry too. Maybe I’m crazy. Seeing you lying there like that scared the hell outta me. Hey, let’s just forget it, okay? Let’s forget it.”

“I’m with that,” Vance said.

“Alright…forgotten,” Adam agreed. “I’m really down for a couple of candy bars. I’ll treat.”

Adam strode over to his bike followed by his good friends, and they took off towards the neighborhood Circle-K up the street. A couple of weeks flew by, and life for the three friends returned to normal. Kyle never mentioned Brian Kinkaid’s name to them again, and Adam didn’t snap at Vance anymore.

Chapter 4

Swirling gray and white clouds dominated the Saturday morning sky as a stiff breeze cruised through Southern Pines. Leaves fluttered about, hanging on for dear life, afraid to be separated from their branches. An undertone of moisture accompanied the breeze which meant much needed rain was close by.

This morning Adam wanted some information and Kyle could supply it quickly, but he didn’t have a clue why he wanted it. He just wanted it. Instead of calling him, he chose to go see him in person. Adam usually never stepped outside if rain was in the forecast, but this morning he didn’t care, and he was positive Kyle would be home because of it.

He ambled downstairs to the closet and slipped on his windbreaker. The house was quiet. Too quiet. Somebody else should be home, but he didn’t know who. He opened the front door and the wind nearly blew him back inside. He manhandled the door to close it and started toward Kyle’s house. The wind inflated his jacket into a khaki sail, and he tamed it by slipping his hands into its pockets and holding the sides against his body, then he crossed over his lawn and leisurely strolled along the sidewalk, occasionally glancing upward at the ever-changing sky.

A few rain droplets struck his forehead as he turned up into Kyle’s driveway and headed to the front door. He had to get that information from Kyle but still had no idea what information it was. His raps on the screen door vibrated like a mis-tuned snare drum. He waited, but no one answered. He knocked again. The door knob jiggled, then the door opened. Barely visible through the dark screen stood Mrs. Stapley, Kyle’s mom. He stepped back as she opened the screen door with a toothy smile. Her loose red T-shirt was untucked and hung below the waist of her faded jeans, her worn sandals revealed unpolished toenails, and her loose, brunette pony tail bounced with the slightest movement. The fragrance of spicy sausage, with hints of garlic and tomatoes, escaped the house as he began to speak.

“Hi, Mrs. Stapley. Is Kyle home?

“Hi, Adam. Sure he is. Come on in.” The pleasant aroma drew him inside. “He’s in his room. You can go on up.”

“Thanks, and whatever you’re cooking smells really good.”

“Thank you. Its just a pasta dish my mother taught me to make when I was a teen.”

On a few occasions, he’d received some light scolding from Mrs. Stapley for running up the stairs, so he made sure to walk this time. He could feel her watching as he reached the landing and turned the corner, and since his visit was unannounced, he wondered what Kyle would say. Kyle's door sat partially opened at the end of the hallway, and the carpet did an excellent job of suppressing his approaching footsteps. Adam peeked into Kyle’s bedroom and saw him perched at his desk staring intently at his laptop while his radio played an upbeat song. Then Adam purposely pounded on Kyle’s door, causing Kyle to yelp as he jumped and turned back to see who was there. He couldn’t contain his laughter. He’d gotten Kyle good this time.

“Dude, you scared the crap outta me!” Kyle cried looking dazed.

“Ha..ha..ha,” Adam laughed, holding his stomach. “Sorry dude…ha..haa.”

“Man…whadaya want.”

“Ha…ha…hold on…your face…it looked so stupid…ha…ha…haaaaa.”

“Forget you, man,”

“Okay…okay. Sorry dude. I didn’t know that was going to happen - well, maybe I did.”

“Come in and close the door, you loser.”

“Alright,” Adam said as he continued giggling.

“Alright…alright. What do you want?”

“Okay, listen. Remember when all of us rode our bikes to school a few weekends ago, and you said something about that guy in the grave? You said you found some information about him on the Internet.”

“You mean Brian Kinkaid?”

“Yeah, that’s the guy. Show me the stuff you found out about him.” Why he wanted information on the killer still eluded him, but he had to have it.

“Why?” 

Adam wasn’t prepared for such a direct question so soon, and he hovered above Kyle’s bed before sitting down. “I don’t know. It just came to me this morning. What did you find out about him?”

He was taken aback by Kyle’s expression. It was an ungodly synthesis of surprise, confusion, and disbelief. Then again, it was an absurd request.

Kyle turned around and started displaying the saved webpages to his friend. Adam stood over his shoulder viewing pictures and reading, focusing mostly on the people involved with capturing, sentencing, and executing Kinkaid.

“Hey, can you send me a list of the names of the people and those websites in an email then print me a copy of them?” Kyle complied without asking any questions. After sending the email and printing out the same information, Adam asked, “You wanna go outside and walk around for a while?”

“Nah. It’s about to rain.”

“Alright dude, I’ll talk to ya later, and thanks.” Then Adam folded the printout and placed it in his right pocket. They said their goodbyes, and he left. As he descended the stairs, Kyle’s mother stepped from the living room and said,

“Kyle didn’t walk you to the door?”

“No. That’s okay. I need to get home, and he’s busy.”

“Hmmm. That’s no reason for him to be so rude. I’ll have a talk with him.”

“You don’t have to. I’m not mad or anything.”

“Well, okay. Goodbye Adam, and say hi to your mom for me,” she said as she opened the door.

Adam exited saying, “Bye Mrs. Stapely. I’ll tell my mom.”

The moisture in the air was thick, and a light mist peppered his forehead and cheeks, but it hadn’t started raining yet. Above, a deep rumble spread throughout the clouds. 

“Those fuckers will pay now,” Adam mumbled as he headed back home.

The sky released its pent-up moisture just as Adam crossed over his lawn towards the front door. The house felt desolate and cold, like an abandoned cave. He called out for his mother and father, but he only heard brief echoes. He checked the garage, and both cars were gone.

The mahogany cutlery block on the kitchen counter caught his eye and he stopped. He unsheathed the large chef’s knife and scrutinized the blade, allowing the reflected light to flash into his eyes. He ran his finger along the blade's edge, testing its sharpness. 

“It has to be much sharper than this. It has to go in quickly so when I rip it upwards, their hatred can pool at their feet,” he mumbled.

He reached for the honing steel in the drawer below the counter and began swiping the blade across its hardened carbon ridges. He didn’t blink or stop sharpening for a good three minutes. When he finished, he pulled out the stubby utility knife and sharpened it also. 

“Their blood will hiss as it gushes from their throats. How I love that sound!” He slid both knives back into the wooden block.

*****

Adam opened his eyes with his mind in a fog. He took a few deep breaths and looked around trying to understand what was going on. As the eerie fog lifted, he discovered he was laying on his bed, but something still felt odd. His curtains were open but the daylight streaming inside was muted by the closed blinds. His television was switched on but he didn’t remember doing so. It was tuned to Teen Nick where some outrageous, fast paced teen comedy was playing with laugh tracks and all. He hated everything on Teen Nick and cringed as he watched a scene. Outside his windows he heard a dull drumming sound, so he slid off the bed and moved his blinds aside. Large rain drops ferociously pelted his windows creating a sheen of cascading water. He settled back down on his bed and huffed when he realized he was already dressed. What’s happening to him? Had he lost his memory? His eyes gazed down at his clock, and he discovered it was almost noon. He’d lost the entire morning, but how? He dropped his head into his hands and tried to remember anything about this morning. The damn laugh track from that stupid show stifled his memory so he switched off his television. He felt thrust into the day with no past, just the present. 

An itch arose on his right thigh, but he couldn’t sooth it through his jeans. He shoved his hand into his pocket and scratched from there. His fingers moved in earnest, but they kept bumping against something in his pocket that softly stabbed them. With his itch gone, he pulled out the object in his pocket. It was a folded piece of paper, so he leaned forward and opened it. On it were a list of names and websites he didn’t recognize. The phone rang in the kitchen, and he ran downstairs to answer it.

He brushed his hair away and answered, “Hello?”

“Hey, did you get the email with those names and websites?”

It took a few seconds to recognize Kyle’s voice. “What email?”

“You know. The email I sent when you came over here a while ago. The same names I printed on that piece of paper I gave you.”

“You gave that to me? When did I go to your house?”

“Man, what is wrong with you. Yeah, you came over here this morning.”

“I don’t remember. Why did I come over there?”

“You’re joking, right? You know why. You wanted to see those webpages and get those names.”

“What am I going to do with a bunch of names?”

“I don’t know, dude. You’re the one that wanted them?” Kyle sounded annoyed.

“Did I tell you why I wanted them?”

“No.”

“Kyle, I think it’s happening again. I mean it. I can’t remember things. I don’t remember going to your house or talking to you this morning. I don’t remember anything from this morning. A little while ago, I found myself in my bedroom, and I don’t remember anything before that. ”

“Really? Well, dude, you did come over here, and you scared the crap out of me when you pounded on my door. You asked me to show you those websites, and I did. Then you asked me about those names and to print them up for you, so I did. Then you just left. I even heard you talking to my mother when you left. You seemed normal to me.”

“Damn, I don’t remember any of that.”

“Wow! I think you’d better stay in the house for the rest of the day.”

“I think so too. I might call you a little later.”

“Okay. I’m not going anywhere. Not in this rain.”

“Alright. Bye.”

Adam re-entered his bedroom pleased to see familiar surroundings, but scratched his head over his recent blackout. They were back and with a vengeance. At least Kyle was a witness to his blackout. Yes, he witnessed it and that proved he acted in a normal fashion. He didn’t hurt himself or others, but the thought of losing so much time was staggering. He perched himself on the edge of his bed once again and tried to remember the events of yesterday. 

He shut his eyes and took slow, deep breaths. The murkiness of yesterday slowly lifted. He remembered eating a bowl of cereal for breakfast, then watching television for a while before accompanying his mother to the store, but what store. He’d drawn a blank, but considering some of the odd stores his mother visits, it didn’t bother him much. He didn’t remember coming back home, but he recalled eating dinner with them at the table because he faced the kitchen clock while he ate. The time was around seven o’clock, and a few hours later, he retired to his bedroom. 

With the riddles of yesterday’s movements resolved, he began focusing on what he was doing right now. He became very aware of his surroundings and figured the best thing to do is live minute by minute. He switched his television back on and changed the channel from the horrid program. He zoomed past the movie X-Men: Apocalyse and his fingers reversed the direction. He stayed in the moment and knew this movie would keep him there. It was one of his favorites.

Right after the movie ended, he heard his parents entering the house, not realizing they were gone. He galloped downstairs to greet them and ask where they’d been. There was confusion on their faces and he didn't know why. Then is mother told him she visited his room this morning to let him know that she and his father were driving their cars to the repair shop. Adam stood there with cow eyes in a stupor, then seconds later, he feinted remembering, stating he was half-sleep when she spoke. That should prevent her from asking more questions. The rest of the afternoon and evening passed normally with no more blackouts, but that didn’t stop him from worrying about them. During the night while he sat alone in his room, one question about his behavior this morning dogged him. How could he go to Kyle's house and appear so normal during his blackout?

Chapter 5

Vance awoke early that same Saturday morning with his mind focused on conquering his latest foe. Wearing just a white T-shirt, navy blue boxer briefs, and his dark-rimmed glasses, he trudged downstairs, poured himself a bowl of Cocoa Puffs with milk, and headed into the living room where his foe waited patiently for him. He set his bowl atop the coffee table, drew back the curtains, and opened the blinds to allow the subdued sunlight to fill the room. His view of the street was unobstructed and so was his mind. It was video game time. 

He pawed at the video controller with the skill of a crane operator positioning steel girders for a skyscraper; each finger given a specific job to execute and pausing at brief intervals to inhale his cereal. He entered the magical world of Harry Potter in a quest to unlock the myriad of veiled secrets in and around Castle Hogwarts. He dashed along dark, moss-ridden corridors and through forest thickets, yielding his wand, casting spells, and conjuring potions; his eyes catching the minutest of movements from opposing forces. He flinched each time Master Voldemort’s minions mounted a surprise attack upon his character and fought them with the courage of a master wizard. His focus was sharp, his fingers true, and his eyesight was keen. He was determined to end this level unscathed.

Within the maelstrom surrounding his character, a distraction in the corner of his eye lured him away. He would just take a quick look to see what was outside the window facing the street. It was Adam walking past his house. Adam, just like Kyle and himself, usually avoided the rain if they could, and he wondered if one of Adam’s quirks had returned.
 
An ominous and familiar sound veered his attention back to his game just in time to see his nimble character levitated and shaken violently. Vance’s fingers resembled the supple arms of an octopus as he tried to save his character, but the entrapment spell was to powerful, and his game ended with the accompaniment of the dreary music that signaled defeat. His temper flared, and he almost slammed the controller to the floor. All morning he'd managed to duck, dodge, and defeat anything that got in his way, and because of a single lapse in concentration, it was all over. Now he had to replay that entire level again, and he was livid. If he was dressed, he’d run outside and let Adam have it for distracting him. Instead, he tossed the controller across the couch and stormed into the kitchen to get himself a glass of milk. 

In his agitated state, some milk spilled down the sides of his mouth as he gulped it down a little too hard and fast. He paused and pulled the cup away from his mouth, allowing himself to calm down. After a few deep breaths, he finished his milk and refocused on Adam. This wasn’t the first time he’d seen Adam acting a little funny. Although his insults had stopped weeks ago, Vance recalled when Adam paid him a couple of awkward visits. 

The first one was a few weeks ago, early on a Sunday morning. Vance heard a knock at the front door, which interrupted his game once again. He wasn’t even dressed yet, wearing only a T-shirt and his underwear. He sighed, left the couch, and peeked through the front blinds to see who it was. What did Adam want so early in the morning? Vance opened the main door, leaving the screen door closed as not to expose his skinny frame to the neighborhood.

“Hey, Adam. Why are you here so early?” Adam’s bike lay in the driveway.

“Nothing. I was out and thought I would stop by.

“Stop by for what?”

“When we ride our bikes to the school, we pass all those businesses across from the cemetery. Do you know the ones I mean?”

“Yep.”

“Do you know if any of them are open on Sunday?”

“On Sunday? Why do you want to know that? We never go in those places. We don’t have any cash to go to those stores. Their stuff costs way too much.”

“I just want to know. I never paid much attention to them before, but I think some of the people who sat on Brian Kinkaid’s jury go there. That's the guy Kyle told us about. The one they executed a while ago. I’m gonna write a paper for school on that guy.”

“You’re gonna what? Why him?”

“That was his headstone I slammed into, and I guess I’m curious about him now.”

“I don’t understand. Why do you want to know more about him? My parents told me that guy was crazy.”

“You’ll never understand. I just want to write it. All I want to know from you is if those stores are open on Sunday?”

“I…I…I think so. I’ve seen cars parked over there before on Sundays.”

“Yeah, I wasn’t sure. Thanks, Vance. I’ll see ya later.”

“Where ya goin’?”

“I don’t know. I think I’ll ride around for a while.”

“By yourself?”

“Yeah. See ya.”

He watched Adam take off down the driveway. Vance shut the door then leaned against it shaking his head.

It was the strangest conversation he’d ever had with Adam, and writing a paper on Brian Kinkaid was just plain creepy. Why did he want to know if those shops were open on Sunday? Very strange.

The second occurrence was more baffling. It happened the following Saturday, in the afternoon. Vance rode his bike down to Kyle’s house to see if he wanted to hang out at the school. Kyle agreed, and they both took off towards Adam’s house to see if he wanted to join them. They knocked on Adam’s door, and he answered it.

“Hey, man. Do you want to ride to the school with us? We’re going there now,” Kyle asked.

“Hi, guys. I’m making some big plans. I’m going to get as many as I can.”

Kyle turned and looked at Vance, then faced Adam and said, “What are you talking about?” 

“I know some of them go there.”

Vance asked, “Go where? Man, do you want to ride with us or not?”

“I gotta finish these plans. I’m gonna get em’.” Adam’s voice was replaced by a raspy monotone utterance which neither boy had heard before.

“Never mind, man. We’re leaving,” Kyle said as he walked back to the driveway. He turned his bike around, and said, “Come on Vance. Let’s get outta here.”

Vance had already taken off as if he didn’t want anything to do with Adam. 

When they arrived at the school, they pedaled to their usual spot by the entrance doors and shared everything they’d seen or heard when it came to Adam. During their conversation, they made a pact to let each other know whenever Adam acted out of sorts, and especially if he didn’t remember what happened. Their concern about the third person of their trio ran deep, and if they could help him, they would. Both had grown to hate Adam’s quirky behavior.

Their conversation skewed off center, foregoing Adam, and instead, became focused on their parents. Vance was sure he could contain his parents from being too inquisitive, but he knew Kyle’s weaknesses when it came to hiding anything from his parents. Vance never divulged the many times Kyle ratted him and Adam out to their subsequent parents when they were younger, but right now it was irrelevant. Their parents could not know, must not know. They bumped fists, then returned to their bikes.

Vance believed Adam might be up to something, and he expected a phone call from Kyle sometime that morning. He wiped his mouth after finishing his milk and returned to the living room. He huffed as he recalled how he lost the game and retrieved the controller as he flopped back on the couch. His fingers moved nimbly over the myriad of buttons as he reset his game. 

Once again, he was on a roll, dodging all obstacles thrown at him. He flinched when the phone rang. It had to be Kyle, so this time he paused the game. Before he got up to go to the phone, it stopped ringing, and he heard his mother answer it. She’d be yelling for him to pick it up in a few seconds. He got up and smiled when a shrill voice from upstairs told him to pick up the phone.

“Hi Kyle,” Vance said without confirming who it was.

“How did you know it was me?”

“Because I saw Adam walking in your direction earlier. Did he stop by your house?”

“Yep, and man he was acting funny again, and check this out. He asked me for all the stuff I found on Brian Kinkaid. He keeps talking about that guy.”

“Really? Something must be wrong with him.”

“I know, but listen to this." Vance listened to Kyle describe the visit and subsequent phone call from Adam.

“Whoa! That’s just plain scary," Vance said.

“I know. But I think he knows he’s blacking out too. He can’t remember certain things, and he’s scared about that. He told me so.”

“So what do we do?” Vance started rocking back and forth.

“I don’t know. We don’t know what’s going on with him.”

“Man! I hate this!”

“Me too. I guess we just keep doin’ what we’re doin’. Let me know if he does something else that’s crazy.”

“I will. I’m gonna get back to my game. I’m almost finished with this level.”

“Alright. I’ll talk to ya later.”

Vance hung up the phone, turned around and froze when he saw his mother standing behind him. He hoped she didn't hear anything. If she did, oh boy, will it suck! He stared at her trying to read her face. Then she said, 

“Was that Kyle on the phone?”

“Uh-huh.”

“What did you think was scary?”

It was a pointed question, and more may be coming. He hung his head and shifted to and fro. Then he said,

“Kyle was telling me about the latest game he’s playing. He was at a point when some crazy looking monster broke through a stone floor and almost killed him.”

“You guys and your video games. Well, at least you get outside and ride your bikes once in a while.”

Vance dispensed a nervous laugh and watched her turn and walk away. His impromptu interrogation was over, and he let out a big sigh. Suddenly, a feeling of guilt washed over him. He’d lied to his mother, something he rarely did, but it was justified. Nothing bad has happened, at least so far. Adam was only acting quirky and forgetting things. That’s all. There’s no need to bother his parents with something that doesn’t mean anything. Besides, he figured between Kyle and himself, they had it under control. It was game time again, and he returned to the couch to finish his level.

Chapter 6

The next Tuesday evening, Adam sat at table eating dinner with his parents. He’d gotten into the habit of replaying each day in his head, checking if he had any lapses in memory. For the last few days, he remembered everything and felt pretty good about it. With the sunlight fading, his mother left the table briefly to switch on the kitchen lights and close the curtains throughout the house. As Adam was about to dig into more roast beef, he lifted his knife, and a bright shaft of light glinted off the blade. He blinked a few times. 

When he came to, he was at the table holding his knife, but this wasn’t Adam - it was Brian Kinkaid. He occupied the body and soul of the innocent sixteen-year old boy named Adam who happened to die briefly on top of his grave. It was his time now - time for revenge - time for carnage - time for death. Kinkaid melded seamlessly within Adam’s family, displaying only occasional quirks. By taking over Adam’s younger body, Kinkaid possessed the ability to hide in plain sight and stalk people without raising suspicion. Who would expect a sixteen-year old serial killer was in their midst? Kinkaid remained patient this evening. He had plans, long overdue plans, and they would be carried out this evening after Adam’s parents were asleep.

*****

Kinkaid told Adam’s parents that he was going to hit the sack early tonight in the hopes that they would follow suit. His scheme worked, and Adam’s parents climbed the stairs to enter their bedroom before he did. While they were upstairs, he crept into the garage, grabbed a flashlight and stashed it in his pocket. Step one of his plan was complete. He switched off the lights downstairs then climbed the stairs to his bedroom.

After he shut Adam’s bedroom door, he dumped the contents of Adam’s backpack into one of the dresser drawers, then he threw the flashlight, a complete change of clothes, and a couple of towels inside, zipped it up, and set it by the bedroom door. Step two was complete. To throw off any suspicion, he left the bedroom and said good night to Adam’s parents.

Then he entered the bathroom and pretended to wash up and brush his teeth. Performing these tasks would be useless tonight because, if he was lucky, he’d be drenched in the blood of a fresh victim.

Back in the bedroom, he took off his shoes and switched off the light. Coming up was step three, and the most agonizing. He climbed into bed fully clothed and listened. He kept his eyes open as he waited for Adam’s parents to begin their slumber. Their room would become quiet then he’d overhear some talking or some type of movement. Each time it became quiet, he watched the clock, and each time he heard talking or movement, he groaned. He hated being stagnant for so long. The later it became, his pool of potential victims shrank. After forty-five minutes, their room became totally silent, much to his relief. He continued lying in bed, and watched the minutes tick by. It would be easier to watch flowers grow. After twenty minutes of excruciating silence, he was certain they were asleep. 

It was time.

He eased out of bed, trying to avoid every creaky floorboard he could, and in the dark, he slipped on his shoes and felt his way to the door. He picked up the backpack and slipped it over his shoulders, then waited by the door for a few minutes, listening. Their bedroom remained quiet. He opened the door just enough to peek into the hallway. The coast was clear. He opened it wider, praying it wouldn’t squeak, then stepped into the darkened hallway. He closed it without making a sound and realized the only source of light in the house came from a streetlight that shone through a crack in the curtains of the downstairs windows. The hallway carpet hid his footsteps, but as much as he tried, he couldn’t avoid the creaks from some of the hallway floorboards.

Once he made his way downstairs, he took a detour through the kitchen. He approached the counter as a sinister grin made its presence. He reached forward and grabbed the handle. Instantly, endorphins saturated his brain and he inhaled deeply. He pulled the nine-inch butcher’s knife from the wooden block. A dull, silvery light outlined the blade. It needed to be wrapped in a towel and placed in the backpack, so he did so. He pulled on the backpack’s zipper a little too fast, and the zipping sound resonated. He paused and listened once again. Still no sounds from upstairs. In went the butcher’s blade. He crept out the house through the front door and stepped out into the warm night air, closing it behind him without locking it. 

Kinkaid was free once again - free to resume the carnage he began - free to get revenge on those who condemned him - free to terrorize the town that murdered him. He moved through the neighborhood streets like a roach, passing quickly beneath the soft yellow glow of the street lights to stay out of sight. His destinations were the shops on Catherine Avenue across from the cemetery.

Giddy with the excitement of killing once more, he quickened his pace. He convinced himself that some poor soul would be walking the streets this late, heading towards a destination they’d never reach. Or maybe someone was waiting on a bus they would never ride. He didn’t care who it was. All he wanted was to regain that feeling of power he once had. He was so hell-bent on killing tonight, he could taste it, and it was delicious. Memories of his past murders swept through his mind in an endless loop of exquisite suffering, much to his joy.

As he turned the corner, leaving the slumbering neighborhood of Elwood Drive behind him, a sparse parade of cars whisked by in both directions. For Kinkaid, it was a lottery of victims, and the winner would be the one that left the comfort of their vehicle. He continued walking, staying in the shadows as best he could. With it being so late, if the police spotted a kid wandering the street, it may raise too much suspicion. It was his preference tonight not to have a cop as a victim. 

The shops were a couple of blocks away, and he paused behind trees and sidewalk business signs in search of a victim as he crept forward. It was a quiet night, and so far, no one was walking or stopping their vehicle. This only heightened his anticipation. He was ready to release his full wrath on any victim, whomever it was. There would be unspeakable horror reminiscent of Mary Kelly’s gruesome murder by Jack the Ripper, his personal idol. 

He crossed Catherine Avenue wanting to get a closer look at the shops to see if anyone was working late. He was a block away now and still no one was on the street, to his great disappointment. His senses remained heightened as his predatory nature began to dominate.

Up the street, a light from one of the shop’s windows spread across the sidewalk. Could someone be working late or is it from some damn illuminated store display?

He quickened his pace, staying in the shadows. His chest heaved in and out as he approached the dim light basting the sidewalk. At the edge of the window, he ducked down to get a gander inside. 

There was a glow emanating from the rear of a flower shop, and the main lights up front were switched off. He could feel a small rush of adrenaline which put a grin on his face. It had been a long time since he’d had that feeling. If only he could see a shadow moving around. Minutes passed, but there was no movement, just the glow. A car swept around the corner, heading in his direction, breaking his concentration. He crouched down lower hoping its headlights would miss him and watched the car approach, then decelerate as it neared him. If this person stopped and got out of their car, he would have his victim, but the car cruised by. Did the driver see him? His eyes followed the car when its brake lights came on. Oh boy, if someone got out, they would be tonight’s lottery winner. Then the brake lights dulled, and the car pulled off down the street. He exhaled slowly unsure if he should be relieved or not. He focused back on the light emanating from the back room of the flower shop, still wondering if anyone was inside.

For a moment, he thought he saw a shadow move, and he hoped his eyes weren't playing tricks on him. His pent-up energy needed a vessel for release. He continued concentrating on the back room and spotted the shadow again, and he was sure this time. It appeared, hovered for a bit, then disappeared, and his giddiness returned. Some unlucky son-of-a-bitch wrongly decided to stick around after work. What could they be doing? Counting the day’s receipts, setting up a liaison for an affair, or embezzling money? It didn’t matter. Today was their last day to do anything. He stayed put and waited patiently.

The light switched off, and his body tingled with anticipation. He rose up and stepped back, then removed the towel with the butcher's knife from his backpack and waited. He backed up a little more when he heard the shop door open. A dark figure stepped out, locked the door, and began walking away from him. He moved under a streetlight and began following the woman with the towel concealing the knife in his hand. The woman stopped under a streetlight and swiveled her head around, allowing him to see her face. She was young and gorgeous with smooth, dark chocolate skin, red lipstick, almond eyes with long eyelashes, and wavy shoulder length hair. Her frame placed her only a few inches taller than himself, and she was carrying a satchel. He figured it was probably the day’s take from the cash register. He said hello using the most pleasant voice he could, and kept walking towards her. She smiled, responded to his greeting, and continued walking. She seemed friendly enough. Her pace never wavered, and as he caught up to her, they participated in a bit of banter about the nice weather this evening. She seemed unafraid, and for good reason. The last bad thing to happen in Southern Pines was his own reign of terror almost two years ago. She said good night and turned into a small parking lot between two storefronts. Across the street, he could see the short, black iron-wrought gate surrounding the cemetery. 

As she headed towards the only car in the parking lot, he quietly jogged up behind her unsheathing the large butcher knife from the towel. He yielded the knife high above his head as she went to grab the door handle. With a single plunge, he embedded the blade deep into the back of her neck, severing her spinal cord immediately. A grin emerged on his face as she arched her back. Then her head drooped forward, and she collapsed onto the ground face down. He enjoyed the feeling of resistance as he removed the blade from her bloody neck, trying not to get any spatter on his clothes. Once again, he swung the blade out to the side and jabbed it into the right side of her rib cage, feeling more resistance from skin, muscles, and organs as he pushed it deeper into her body. He paused and closed his eyes in orgasmic ecstasy, her dying groans adding to his pleasure. Then he withdrew the blade and stepped back to watch her blood leak onto the pavement. Once again, he straddled her and swung the blade downward just to the left of her spine, cracking her ribs enough to penetrate her young heart. The vibration of the blade massacring her ribs was the best feeling yet. When he removed it, a small fountain of blood arched over her back. He stood up and stepped back again. He wanted more - much, much more, but his ghoulish ride had come to an end for tonight.

He was back and in excellent form. He looked at his clothes and noticed some blood splatter on his shirt, but his dark jeans hid any traces of it. It was time to change clothes, ditch them, and clean the knife. He regretted not being able to watch the young woman pass from this world to the next. He stepped towards her to get one last look, catching a glimpse of the reflected light on the edges of the pooling blood. He was most satisfied with the results, however, he regretted not having the chance to remove large hunks of flesh from her body. Deep in his heart, he wished he had the time to dissect her. 

His new, smaller body was quicker but not as strong, and it would take a few more kills for him to get used to it. He left her corpse and began jogging back home, staying in the shadows as much as he could.

As he turned the corner from Catherine Avenue back onto Elwood Drive, he spotted a plastic trash can sitting on the side of a house. He crept up the driveway and changed his clothes, using them to wipe the blood from the large knife. Then he tossed the blood-stained clothes in the trash can. He crept down the driveway with the stealth of a feral feline and headed for his house.

All the lights were still off. He moved to the front door he’d left unlocked earlier and opened it. It creaked lightly, and he stopped, listening for any movements inside. When he felt comfortable, he pushed the door further. Once inside, he closed it, locked it, and headed into the kitchen. He turned on the faucet allowing a small stream of water to fall on the knife blade, removing as much blood as he could, then he placed the blade in the dishwasher. While still in the kitchen, he removed the shoes and the clothes he’d just put on minutes ago, bundled them around the backpack, and headed upstairs to Adam’s room. Before opening Adam’s door, he listened at his parent’s bedroom door to see if anyone was stirring. Two separate tones of snoring met his ear. Satisfied, he opened Adam’s bedroom door and snuck inside. That’s when he realized how exhausted he was. He threw his clothes into his laundry basket and softly climbed into bed, falling asleep almost immediately.

Chapter 7

The lead story splashed over the cover of the local newspaper and some Internet sites read:  

Young Woman Found Dead in Parking Lot

Adam awoke Wednesday morning with heavy eyelids, and if he could have one wish, it would be to sleep in for another hour, but with another school day upon him, his wish would never come true. He rolled out of bed, let out a big yawn then stretched. He winced when he felt pain spread through his upper arm and back and assumed he must have slept on it all night. As he prepared himself for school, a murky cloud settled in his mind. Did he leave the house sometime during the night? He couldn’t remember any specifics, but the feeling seemed very real. He’d had it before, but never this strong. While making his bed, he spotted a couple of small blood spots on his pillow. Nothing unusual for him since he suffered from acne, and pimples tended to burst overnight at times. He dismissed it, finished getting dressed, and headed to the kitchen to satisfy his rumbling stomach.

After finishing breakfast, he headed to the living room to wait for Kyle and Vance. A dreadful thought filled his mind. Something was missing. He switched on the television and sat down as he scoured the couch and floor. What was it? He stood up and stared out the window.

His backpack.

He ran upstairs, taking two steps at a time, and found his backpack sitting by the door, not where he usually put it. When he snatched it up, it was empty. He paused. His backpack had never been empty since his mother bought it. When did he empty it and why? Where are his books, notebooks, pens, and the rest of the junk he kept inside?

In the tranquility of the early morning, only his beating heart echoed in his ears. He had to find his stuff before Kyle and Vance got to his house. He started with the closet, staring at the same old items sitting on the shelves and covering the floor. He slammed it shut, and checked under the bed, jostling his shoes to the side, but found nothing. As he spun around, nothing sat on his dresser or nightstand. His stuff had to be in this room somewhere because he remembered bringing his backpack up here yesterday. He started searching in places it shouldn’t be. Nothing was in his nightstand drawer. He re-entered his closet and dug through his dirty laundry, nearly gagging from the musty odor it possessed, but nothing was there. He spied his dresser drawers. Only clothes and underwear were inside, but he checked anyway. He pulled open the top drawer and found nothing but underwear and socks. He pulled opened the second drawer and gasped when he saw the contents of his backpack sprawled out on top of his shirts. He never put his stuff in that drawer and an icy feeling enveloped him as he realized he may have blacked out once more.

He stowed his stuff into his backpack, then sat on the edge of his bed and retraced the events of yesterday. He remembered coming home and watching television in his room, then his mother called him down for dinner. He remembered sitting at the table with them, but he didn’t remember leaving. He drew a blank until he awoke this morning. Oh no! Not again! He jumped when he heard a knock downstairs. It had to be Kyle and Vance. He ran downstairs, opened the door, and greeted his friends. Before leaving the house, he made a quick check for his keys, then out the door he went, locking it behind him.

*****

Adam didn’t have much to say this morning. Kyle tried coaxing him to speak by asking him what he did last night besides homework, and he simply replied,

“Nothing much.”

Kyle found his reply odd. Adam usually bragged about his television shows or complained about how hard homework was. Kyle said, “Man, you look tired. Did you stay up late last night?”

“Nah, I went to bed at the usual time, I think, but I do feel tired.”

“You’re going to be worthless in school today. I bet you’ll fall asleep in one of your classes.”

“Oh-no. I’m not going to fall asleep. That’ll just make things worse, and I’ll be more tired.”

“I don’t know, man. You look like you’re not gonna make it, right Vance?”

“Yep. You have huge bags under your eyes. They look like luggage,” Vance said as he giggled.

“Okay, I get it! I look tired. Let’s move on,” Adam answered sounding a little annoyed.

“Wow, and you’re cranky too,” Kyle added making Vance giggle even more, and that infectious giggle slowly spread to Adam.
 
They turned the corner and started down Catherine Avenue, in the direction of the shops and the cemetery. They continued with their banter until Vance pointed up ahead and said,

“I wonder what’s happening up there?”

“I don’t see anything,” Kyle said.

“Look at the cars and all the brake lights.”

“So? What’s so strange about that?” Adam asked.

“I don’t know, but it doesn’t happen all the time. It looks like they are checking something out up there.”

Kyle and Adam quietly agreed and curbed their conversation as they walked closer to the traffic congestion. Adam thought he spotted a few police cars in the mix and some yellow tape, but he didn’t say anything until he could get a closer look.

They were almost directly across the street now, and indeed, yellow tape was stretched across a small parking lot in between two shops. Adam estimated there were three or four police cars in the area and most of the officers were milling around within the confines of the tape. He watched drivers craning their necks trying to get a look at what was happening, adding to the traffic bottleneck.

“I wonder what happened?” Vance asked.

“I don’t know, but there are plenty of cops looking around,” Adam replied as he pointed.

“Whatever it is, it must be big, and none of them have their lights on. Why is that?” Kyle asked.

“I dunno,” Adam said.

“I bet we can find somebody at school that will know,” Vance said.

They continued on their way to school, passing by the cemetery. Adam made it a habit to peer into the cemetery grounds each time he passed by.

*****

As they traipsed through the school’s crowded hallway, Adam detected an unusual disturbance among the students. Their usual happy-go-lucky faces were replaced by strange blank stares. An aura of seriousness swamped the hallway and Adam wanted to know what everyone else seemed to know. The three boys strolled into their classroom and took their seats. After the bell rang, their teacher, Mr. Patterson, began to speak.

“Alright class, settle down. Quiet now, I have something important to say. I’m pretty sure some of you may have heard from your parents about the events that took place last night. If you haven’t and you walked to school via Catherine Avenue, you may have seen the commotion across the street from the Southern Pines Cemetery. A young lady was murdered, and the police are investigating. There is no reason to be frightened, however. The police will be nearby to ensure your safety. That’s all the information I have right now. Okay, are there any questions you wish to ask?”

Adam watched as everyone in the class turned and glared at one another waiting to see who would raise their hand. There were no takers, so Mr. Patterson continued with the class.

After school, the three friends hooked up and headed for home with the news about the murder out of their minds, until they neared the cemetery. A couple of police cars remained across the street in the small parking lot.

“Wow, I can’t believe the police are still there,” Vance said.

“Something must be wrong if they’re still investigating,” commented Kyle.”

“Yeah, she shouldn’t have been at work so late,” Adam said arousing the attention of his two friends.

“What do you mean she shouldn’t have been at work so late?” Kyle asked. His expression turned serious.

“Ahhh…Ahhh…nothing. I mean if she didn’t stay late, maybe nothing would have happened.”

“That’s a callous thing to say, Adam. It sounds like you’re blaming her,” Vance said, finding his statement insensitive.

“No, that’s not what I meant. Never mind. I shouldn’t have said anything,” Adam apologetically said as he glanced inside the cemetery. 

The boys remained silent until they turned down Elwood Drive. 

“Looks like my father is home early today,” Vance said as he pointed to his father’s car parked in the driveway. “I’ll be starting my homework early.”

“I have to get something to eat first,” Adam added. “Vance, do you think your mom has any snacks around the house?”

“You guys always ask me that. Ya’ll come in my house and eat up all my food.”

“Well, it’s your mom that keeps that stuff around,” Kyle said smartly. “It would just spoil if we didn’t help get rid of it.”

“But who asked you two to help?”

“Come on man, your mom always has something. We won’t stay long. Just a small snack, and we’ll say hi to your mom and dad,” Adam pleaded.

Vance couldn’t resist their requests, especially since it came from both sides. He dropped his head and mumbled,

“Alright…come on.”

Adam turned to Kyle sporting a wide grin, and Kyle did likewise. Vance looked disappointed, but the prospect of having snacks with his friends was a pretty cool idea. They picked up their pace in anticipation of something yummy to munch on. 

All three entered Vance’s house through the rear door. As they trampled in, Vance heard his mother calling him from the living room, and he responded. Kyle and Adam removed their backpacks and sat them on the floor while Vance rambled through the pantry in search of the elusive snacks. The soft sound of footsteps grew nearer and became louder until Vance’s mom, Beverly Gidwell, stood in the kitchen doorway smiling. 

“I bet I know what you boys are looking for,” she said.

Vance turned, unsure if his mother was upset or not. He backed out of the pantry and watched her movements. She reached into the pantry and shuffled some items around, then reached deep into the back of the darkened closet. All they heard was the soft rustling of plastic. Their anticipation grew as she drew her arm back and pulled out a large sack of Rice Krispy treats with multicolored sprinkles, topped with chocolate frosting. None of the boys, including Vance, expected such delicious looking treats. They clamored around her, and she doled them out on white, flower-covered napkins. Their earlier disagreement was forgotten as their minds focused on the sweet taste of the snacks.

Adam and Kyle thanked Vance and his mother as they left for their own houses, giddy from the sugar rush. Then, out of the blue, Kyle asked,

“Adam, what did you do with that list of names I sent you?”

Adam peered at Kyle, confused and asked, “What list of names?”

“Remember that list of names that dealt with Brian Kinkaid’s trial?”

Adam paused before answering, then said, “I didn’t do anything with it yet. I’ll be using it when I write my paper about him.”

“You’re going to write a paper about him? Why?”

“Vance asked me that same question when I told him. That’s the headstone I fell on when I had my accident. I’m a little curious about his life and death.”

“That’s scary, dude. It’s…it’s…what’s that word Mr. Patterson likes to say? Ahhh…ahhhh…oh yeah…morbid? Writing about somebody that killed all those people.”

“Hey, you did all that research about him after my accident. Why is it okay for you to show some interest in him and not me? Huh, why?”

“I became interested in him because the way the cop and my mother responded after I asked about him. You died on his grave after hitting your head on his headstone. It was your body that reacted strangely.”

“You’re not gonna bring up that stuff about his spirit jumping into me again, are you?”

“Nah, I’m not. I just find it really strange.”

Adam suspected Kyle was hiding something. His actions were more like a detective than a friend. The way Kyle looked at him was odd, like Kyle couldn’t trust him. But why? Adam didn’t remember doing anything wrong, but he also didn’t remember how his backpack got dumped out or why he petitioned Kyle for the list of names in the first place.

Chapter 8

Once Adam arrived at home, he greeted his mother then climbed the stairs to his bedroom, foregoing the usual stop by the refrigerator to grab a snack. He sat down in front of his laptop and checked his email. Kyle and Vance’s similar questions popped into his head. Why was he writing a paper about the serial killer? There was no rational reason for it besides the fact his head slammed into Kinkaid’s headstone. Out of all the people to write about, why that guy? A few unimportant email messages popped up, so he let them be. Next, he found the email Kyle sent with the list of names and websites about Kinkaid. After spending some time investigating the websites in the email, it didn’t take him long to figure out this guy was absolutely crazy, schizo, totally psychotic. Adam began to understand their questions now. Writing a paper about Kinkaid would probably make him seem like he was just as crazy, and he began to rethink his decision about the subject. 

He peered out his bedroom window, searching for someone else to write about and smirked as he realized the enormity of the task. The list of possible people was endless. He leaned back in his chair and stared at the laptop’s screen, and after a few minutes, he gave up. Nobody of any importance came to mind. He began reading the details of one of Kinkaid’s vicious murders while he kept thinking. It was gruesome, and the details were very graphic. Soon Adam began snickering. He continued reading, and his snickering turned into giggles, then to full-blown laughter. Kinkaid re-emerged and was amused by what he read, admiring the mastery of his past work. He was going to write this paper, and why not? This was his chance to brag about himself.

Once again, Kinkaid tasted freedom.

Without any idea of how long he would be active, he devised a plan that would be as smooth and efficient as last nights. Another random kill wasn’t going to make him happy, not this night. He needed to find someone on that list who was directly involved with his execution. He wanted the name of a juror. Any of them were viable victims since his verdict was a unanimous decision, but that person should live nearby, within bike riding distance. He would make this kill personal so it would send a message throughout the town that no one is safe. One name met his criteria, juror five, Thomas Abbott, and he lived only a few blocks away. Kinkaid had already become familiar with the daily cycle of Southern Pines life. Without any large industries, most people were home by six o’clock in the evening, so patience was the name of the game now. All he had to do is bide his time until he could act on his plan. In the meantime, he decided to watch a little television for a while then go and interact with Adam’s mother, making up some plausible excuse to leave for the evening.

His television was on, but he had no interest in the current programming. His mind was preoccupied with planning Thomas Abbott’s murder. It should be intimate, causing maximum damage with minimal blood loss. Moving about with streets with bloody clothing during the day was a definite no-no. It would have to be a surgical attack, so the victim had a chance to reflect on what he’d done as he lay dying. The perfect tool would be a long Phillips screwdriver…easily concealable, lightweight, and sharp. It wouldn’t be the masterpiece he hoped for, but it would send a clear message that he was back. Time ticked by, and his twisted mind offered up numerous scenarios of how he should proceed, but he knew things could change swiftly as events unfolded during his attack. Nevertheless, he was morbidly excited about this evening.

He chose one ingenious scenario for leaving home that even had some elements of truth in it. By taking on Adam’s mannerisms, he would tell Adam’s mother he needed to write a paper on an individual for a class, and needed time to think about who he would like to select. The person couldn’t be famous, and should be local. To help him think, he would ride his bike around the town for a while, checking out some of the businesses and offices throughout the area in search of an appropriate subject. After an hour, he went downstairs to relay his reason for leaving the house to Adam’s mother.

His mother took the bait without any questions. She was a pushover whenever it came to school work, and after giving her a light peck on the cheek, he plucked a couple of cookies from the cookie jar sitting on the counter and headed for the garage, through the side door, to retrieve his bicycle. While in the garage, he quietly rummaged through the toolbox and pulled a long stemmed Phillips screwdriver from underneath the other tools, stuffing it handle-side down in his back pocket. He opened the garage door, moved his bike out then closed it. He was off on his new mission of revenge.

*****

The sun dangled in the western sky in the early evening as he pedaled with conviction towards his destination. Large tufts of clouds provided some relief from the sun’s rays, but that didn’t matter to him, not right now. He hoped this Thomas Abbott guy would be at home by the time he reached his house. If Abbott decided to take any detours to pick up fast food or hang out with co-workers for happy hour, his plans would be foiled. His personal preference is to have this victim sober so he could feel the presence of the screwdriver puncturing his organs, releasing their toxic fluids within his stomach cavity. Just that single thought sent waves of pleasure throughout Kinkaid’s body causing him to pedal even faster. His anticipation for this kill was epic.

Heavy traffic zipped along Catherine Avenue forcing him to stick to the sidewalks and cross the streets at intersections to protect himself. Keeping his teenage masquerade viable was imperative, and it seemed to be working. Cars willingly yielded the right of way as he closed in on his destination.

Jameson Street, where Mr. Abbott lived, was very quiet like the street the three boys lived on. The first thing Kinkaid noticed as he turned down Jameson Street was the presence of cars in the driveways. It could mean many people were at home, behind closed doors. No one was outside, but he was aware of the living room picture windows that faced the street. He could still be spotted by an unsuspecting homeowner or their siblings, but he didn’t let that stop him.

He pedaled down the sidewalk glancing around at the houses as though he’d never been down that street before, but in reality, he was searching for an address - Mr. Abbott’s address. As he coasted further down the street, the addresses counted down until he saw 2501. That was it, the home of juror five. It was a nice home. An off-white house with blue shutters, awnings, and trim. Tan curtains were visible through the large picture window in front of the house. The lawn looked freshly cut and very neat. Spanning the front of the house was a series of well-trimmed bushes that sat no higher than the bottom of the picture window. A narrow, concrete walkway extended from the side of the driveway all the way to a short red-brick staircase. Topping the three stairs was a concrete slab that sat at the front door. This is a house that would capture the imagination of many potential homebuyers if it were photographed and advertised on Zillow.com. 

He couldn't tell if anyone was home. The driveway was empty, and no lights were visible from outside, but there was plenty of daylight left. Instead of stopping immediately and confronting Mr. Abbott, he chose to ride around the block a couple of times, stopping on occasion to check his bicycle chain as if he were having some issues with it. That should throw any nosy neighbors off of him. 

As he began his third circuit around the neighborhood, the street remained empty of traffic and people. On this trip, he headed right to Mr. Abbott’s house. He reached behind him and felt the lump from the screwdriver handle. Right before arriving at his house, he stopped and inspected his chain once more. Then walked his bike up the driveway, engaged the kickstand, and withdrew the screwdriver from his back pocket, concealing it in his right hand. 

He strolled over to the  door and rang the doorbell. He still wasn’t sure if this guy was home, but he couldn’t control his growing blood lust. Trying to look innocent was quite a challenge, but he managed to do so. He was ready to pounce, but no one came to the door. He rang the doorbell again. His face lost its innocence, and he became aware of it, so he forced a smile to hide his anxiousness. Then the doorknob began to turn, and his heart raced. The main door opened followed by the screen door. The man inside said,

“Hello. Can I help you young man?”

While he occupied Adam’s body, Kinkaid stood five feet, three inches tall, and in front of him stood a relatively short man, about the same height as himself. Mr. Abbott’s rotund physique was indicative of his lack of exercise, which would make for an easy kill. He sported a sloppy combover that failed to hide his bald spot. However he didn’t look like a bad guy. In fact, he seemed very pleasant and willing to help.

“Hello, Mister. The chain on my bike keeps slipping off. Do you have a pair of vice grips or pliers I can use to tighten my back wheel? Oh, is it okay if I have a small drink of water too? It’s really hot out here.”

“Yes to both of your questions. Come on in, and I’ll get you some water.”

“Thank you so much, sir.”

Mr. Abbott held the screen door open for Kinkaid, and he stepped inside and turned to face his host. In one smooth motion, he stuck the elongated screwdriver beneath the man’s sternum, aiming for his heart. Mr. Abbott gasped, and his eyes widened. A look of total confusion encompassed his face. Kinkaid forced him back into the house, still applying upward pressure on the screwdriver, then he let out a sinister howl. Mr. Abbott pushed himself away and clutched his chest as he bent forward. Kinkaid circled him and launched the screwdriver into the victim's upper back, puncturing his left lung. His victim stumbled forward. Kinkaid removed the screwdriver and with a side swipe, slammed it into the fleshy part of Mr. Abbott’s torso, on the right side, just below the rib cage. Then he cranked the handle in a circular motion like a handle on a jack-in-the-box, trying to rip his victim’s right kidney apart. Blood spewed from Mr. Abbott’s mouth as he fell to the ground. Juror five was dying, and Kinkaid was in heaven. He backed away to admire his masterpiece. It was beautiful. 

He paused for a few seconds to check his clothes for blood stains. He was clean. Most of it was soaked up by Mr. Abbott’s shirt. He stood and watched Mr. Abbott struggle and gag as he tried catching his breath. Kinkaid let out his sinister laugh once again and continued laughing until his victim was on the verge of death. He stepped forward, being very careful of the pooling blood, rolled his victim over, straddled him, and got right in Mr. Abbott’s face.

“In case you’re wondering who I am, and why this is happening, I’m Brian Kinkaid! Remember me you fucking asshole? You and your friends on that jury sentenced me to death. I told you I was gonna come back, and here I am. You didn’t fucking think I’d come back did you? Out of sight, out of mind? Dumb ass! I told you I'd kill you. Does it hurt, asshole? Does it? Welcome to my fucking world, you fuck! Here, take this with you!”

As a final gesture of his hatred, he reared his hand back, grasping the screwdriver with a firm downward grip, and shoved it deep inside Mr. Abbott’s gaping mouth, puncturing the back of his throat. Blood sprayed upward like a small fountain forcing Kinkaid to rear back. His hand became stained with blood, but he wasn’t worried. He’d wash it off after he went home. Then he rose and watched with a smug smile as Mr. Abbott’s life passed out of his body. He was satisfied and wiped the bloody screwdriver on the victim’s pants, then turned to leave. He was careful not to touch anything as he left the house, making sure to back out through the screen door so he wouldn’t touch the handle.

He returned to his bicycle in the same casual manner he arrived. As he coasted slowly down the driveway, he turned and waved at the house as if saying goodbye to an old friend. In fact, he was so confident of his masquerade that he rode around the block one more time, appearing just as carefree, then headed for home.

Chapter 9

When Adam awoke, he gazed around his bedroom without a clue as how or when he entered his room. He looked to his left. His alarm clock displayed 6:59 am, and in less than a minute, it would sound. Did he suffer from another memory lapse? His alarm sounded, tearing his mind from the terrifying thought. He hit the snooze button and sat up on the side of the bed, stared down at his bare feet, then closed his eyes, straining to remember anything that happened yesterday. In a flash of clarity, a few memories returned. He remembered walking to school with Kyle and Vance. Then they were checking out the police cars parked across the street from the cemetery. Oh yeah, in school, they found out someone was murdered in that area. He accounted for everything until it came time to leave school, but couldn’t recall anything after that. So it happened again, and this time, over twelve hours of his life went missing.

What did he do during that time? Was it something bad? Could it be bad enough for him to go to jail? Did he hurt anyone? Maybe one of his friends? His mind raced like a bullet train traveling at full speed without brakes! The shrill sound of his alarm derailed his thoughts. He jumped and looked over at his clock, and this time, instead of hitting the snooze button, he switched the alarm off. Everything he did this morning was automatic as he prepared himself for another day of school - automatic but stilted. He focused on the present which was necessary, but mentally draining, and it caused him to run a bit late.

He was still eating at the kitchen table when he heard a knock at the door. He rose from his chair and checked the peephole. Kyle’s and Vance’s mouths were moving, but he heard no sounds. Upon opening the door, Kyle said,

“You ready, dude?”

“Ah…ah…yeah. Hold on, let me get my backpack.”

Adam scrambled, taking a final spoonful of cereal then placed his bowl in the sink. He switched off the television and snatched his backpack from the couch. Before closing the door, he patted his right leg pocket to ensure he had his keys. Off they went to school.

Soon after they entered the building, Adam had the same sensation as yesterday. Many students were huddled together in small groups quietly discussing something.

“I wonder what’s going on?” Vance asked as he scanned the hallway.

“I don’t know. Everybody looks so strange. Worse than yesterday, don’t they Adam?” Kyle replied.

“Yep, they do. What’s everybody talking about?”

As they headed towards their classroom, Adam turned to see Vance drop to one knee and start tying his shoes near some girls that were standing next to their lockers. Then Vance looked up at him and winked. What the hell is he doing? Adam turned and walked to catch up to Kyle. Soon, the quick patter of footsteps approached from the rear. He turned and it was Vance.

“Hey! Wait up! I know what they're talking about.”

Adam called to Kyle and waved for him to come back. They followed Vance over to an empty section of the hallway by the wall between the lockers, and he said in a low voice,

“Listen to this. The reason I stopped is because I overheard those girls back there saying words like killed, and yesterday, and juror. It didn’t make any sense, so I pretended like I was tying my shoes.”

“So that’s what you were doing, being nosy,” Adam said.

“Yeah, and I’m glad I was. One of the girls said there'd been two murders in two days and she was scared. Now get this. Another girl said her mother told her the second person killed was a juror on the Kinkaid case.”

“You mean there was another murder?” Adam asked, his voice slightly raised.

“I think so,” Vance answered.

“You know what?” Kyle asked, “For a dead guy, he’s been in our lives a little too much lately.” He turned to Adam and continued, “First, Adam almost got killed when he slammed into his headstone. Next, he wants to write a paper about him, and now some juror on Kinkaid’s case gets killed. This is really weird, huh?”

Adam saw Vance nod, agreeing with Kyle, but he remained neutral, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. Kyle’s comments struck a nerve and secretly, Adam knew Kyle was right. 

“So Adam, are you still going to write your paper on Kinkaid?” Kyle asked.

Another direct question, and Adam said, 

“Ahhh…ahhh…yyyyess. Yes. Yes, I am. Maybe I could add this to the paper. What do you guys think?” He stumbled over his words.

The expressions on Kyle’s and Vance’s faces said it all. They weren’t expecting a question in return. Vance shook his head then lowered it while Kyle cocked his head to one side and stared back at Adam. Adam remained quiet as he began walking towards their classroom. He heard their footsteps following behind him, but he wished he could see their faces instead. Once in the classroom, they took their assigned seats.

*****

The lunchtime bell echoed through the school’s corridors, and soon they were filled with chatter, laughter, and stampeding footsteps heading in the general direction of the cafeteria. Kyle exited his geometry class and joined the parade of students. Vance usually beat everyone to the cafeteria, and being first, he would set his backpack on their usual table to reserve it while he stood in the lunch line. When Kyle entered, he shuffled his way through the crowd to set his backpack down next to Vance's.

The food lines were long now, and Kyle walked over to join one. As he stood in line, he spotted Adam walking towards their table. Their small conversation in the hallway before their first class entered his mind. He believed Adam was obsessed with Kinkaid, and he shouldn’t be, but there was something else that disturbed him, and he would bring it up once everyone was seated at the table.

Kyle exited the line and headed over to join Vance. With two open orange juice containers sitting on either side of his tray, Vance devoured his pepperoni pizza like it was his last meal. As Kyle approached, Vance glanced up at him and smiled, exposing the partially chewed food in his mouth. What a pig. Nevertheless, Kyle smiled back and took a seat next to him. 

“You always show me the food in your mouth. You’re so gross,” Kyle joked after he sat down and opened his own orange juice.

While still chewing, Vance muttered, “You know you yove it. Dat’s why I do it. Mmmm…dis pizza’s good.”

Kyle smiled and shook his head while wisps of steam rose from the pile of whole kernel corn on his tray. He slid off a pat of butter and watched it melt between the kernels as his mouth started to water. He wasn’t sure why, but the corn at school tasted much better than the corn his mother made, and every time it was served for lunch, he was sure to get as much as he could. With precision, he maneuvered his spork from his tray to his mouth, hauling up heaping mounds of sweet corn each time. Between his unrelenting scooping and chewing, he saw Adam approaching. He helped himself to a few more scoops then he set his spork down and took a long sip from his orange juice. Vance greeted Adam the same way he greeted Kyle; with a food-filled smile and Adam responded by turning away jokingly. Kyle began thinking of a non-confrontational way to ask Adam a specific question. There was an inconsistency that only Adam could clear up, but instead of pouncing on Adam immediately, he allowed him to begin his meal while the three of them shared some brief conversations. 

As usual, Vance finished his lunch first, and Kyle chuckled at how fast he finished his food. Adam chowed down on the last of his fries. During this comfortable silence, Kyle said,

“Hey, Adam. What did you do yesterday after school?”

“I don’t remember. What’s up?”

“Oh, I called you a little after six o’clock, and your mom said you weren’t home.”

“I really don’t remember what I was doing.”

“Did you go outside?”

“What’s with all the questions?”

“Nothing! I was just curious, that’s all.”
    
“Well, I don’t remember what I was doing.”

“Geez Kyle. You sound like a lawyer or something,” Vance joked.

“Doesn’t he?” Adam agreed.

Kyle backed off and said, “I’m sorry, dude. I was just curious, that’s all.”

Kyle’s curiosity pushed Adam a little further than he intended, but he still had more questions, and with Vance’s unintended help, Adam was able to avoid his questions this time. Something strange was going on with Adam, and Kyle wanted to find out what it was.

*****

After school, Kyle and Vance waited for Adam in their usual spot near the school’s loading dock. They didn’t know where he was, plus he was taking too long, so they started heading home together.

“Man, I don’t know what’s going on with Adam,” Kyle started.

“What do you mean?”

“How can he not remember what he did yesterday after school? It’s not like it was a week ago or something.”

“You know, you’re right. I remember what I did after school…homework. It sucked.”

“I still can’t believe what he said after that girl was killed the day before yesterday. That didn’t sound like something he would say.”

“You mean about her deserving it? Yep, and it creeped me out too. I wonder what he’s going to say about that murder yesterday. You’re not going to ask him about it, are you? Are you sure you want to open up that Pandora’s Box?”

“I think so. I just want to see how he reacts,” Kyle replied.

Vance turned around and saw Adam jogging towards them then turned to Kyle and said, “Uh-oh! It looks like you’re gonna get your chance. Here he comes now.”

Kyle turned, and they both slowed down to let Adam catch up.

“Sorry guys. The gym teacher caught me in the hallway and started asking all these questions. So what’s going on? What were you guys talking about?”

Kyle knew this was his chance, but the possible outcome could be dicey. Their small question and answer session at lunch was unnerving enough. He wondered how Adam would react to more questions. Somehow his sense of curiosity outweighed his fear, and he said,

“I’m glad you caught up with us. I know you probably don’t want to talk about this, but I’m still concerned about you.”

Adam stopped walking. Kyle knew this was not going to be fun or easy, but both he and Vance turned around and walked back to him.

“Now what do you want to ask me?” Adam asked with a sour tone.

“Look, I just want to help you if I can. You said you couldn't remember what happened yesterday. A few weeks ago the same thing happened. I think you need to see a doctor about your forgetfulness. It’s got to be scary for you, right?”

“Yeah, it’s scary, but you don’t have to worry about it. It’s not happening to you. Just let me deal with it, okay?”

“But that’s the thing. You don’t seem to be concerned anymore. Remember I had to tell you that you came to my house that first time? You were concerned then. Now you can’t remember what you did yesterday evening after school. Have you told your mother and father about it yet?”

Kyle cowered backward as Adam’s glare pierced his body. Something happened. Something subtle, but it changed Adam’s face ever so slightly. Kyle couldn’t tell what it was. Was it his eyes, his nostrils, eyebrows, the pursed lips? From the corner of his eye, he saw Vance back up slightly. He continued watching Adam.

Adam spoke with his normal voice, but what he said was chilling.

“Look, you’d better leave me alone, and stop asking so many damn questions, or you and Vance might find yourselves at the end of a Phillips screwdriver one day soon.”

Both Kyle and Vance remained quiet. Kyle had never heard Adam speak like that before and was definitely afraid of him right now.

“Okay. Okay, I’ll stop. I won’t ask you any more questions,” Kyle stated wishing now that he would have just kept quiet.

“Make sure you don’t. Now get out of my way. I have other things to do.” Adam stomped away, leaving them behind.

It took a while before Kyle or Vance said anything. They watched Adam storm off down the street then they turned to one another.

“Alright, now I’m really scared,” Vance announced.

“You and me both. Man, that wasn’t Adam talking. We’ve both have known him forever, and that wasn’t Adam.”

“Do you think it was….?” Vance’s voice trailed off.

“Yep, I think it was Kinkaid. He’s in Adam’s body right now.”

“You really think so?”

“You heard him. Did that sound like something Adam usually says? I’m telling you that was Kinkaid talking to us. Hell, he threatened us.”

“I wonder what he meant by the screwdriver comment? That was weird.”

“I don’t know, but I didn’t like it.”

“Do you think he’s gone far enough from us now? Can we start walking home?” Vance asked, looking around nervously.

“I guess so, but keep your eyes open. I don’t want him sneaking up on us. Not today.”

Kyle felt it would take forever to walk home this afternoon, and could sense Vance’s fear, especially since he was walking so close behind him. All the while, Kyle wondered what he could do to help Adam, but where does he start? There was very little talk between Kyle and Vance as they headed home. Both scanned the streets in all directions checking for signs of Adam. Kyle caught Vance scanning the cemetery as they strolled by, and wondered if Vance believed Adam would jump out and grab them.

Kyle’s vigilance heightened when they turned down Elwood Drive. Adam’s house was visible from the corner, but Adam was nowhere to be seen. His mind eased, and they quickened their pace. That uneasy feeling returned as Kyle stared at Adam’s house the entire time they walked by, praying that Adam wouldn’t bolt out the door and give chase. Fortunately, nothing happened. Leaving Adam’s house behind them, Vance peeled away, up into his driveway and waved goodbye to Kyle as he entered his front door. Kyle gripped the straps of his backpack and sprinted toward his own house.

Once inside, he locked the door. Adam’s reference about the Phillips screwdriver haunted him. What did he mean by that? He knew pondering the phrase was useless, but there was one thing he was sure of…Adam meant what he said.

Chapter 10 

Kyle had done the unthinkable and forced Adam to transform into Kinkaid right before his eyes, and Kinkaid was furious. No one questioned him like that. Other people posed invasive questions like that while he was alive and he despised it. He was the one who asked the questions before he murdered someone. He was the one in control before that person passed their last breath. Letting that little punk flip the script on him was unacceptable. He stormed away from Kyle and Vance as he mentally prepared himself for his most ambitious murder spree yet.

Yes, people were going to die today. Not just one, but as many as he could find on that list Kyle emailed him. Eliminating all of them was his goal, no matter how impossible the task. Adam’s body was just a vessel to carry out his deeds, and he didn’t care what happened to it. What mattered most was that those people pay for what they did.

He spotted Adam’s house after turning the corner and made a beeline for it. Adam’s parents wouldn’t be home, but sitting around like he did yesterday wasn’t part of his plan. He would be in and out with just enough time to grab what he needed.

Once inside Adam’s house, he ran up the stairs straight to Adam’s room and removed the list from Adam’s desk, stuffing it in his pants pocket. Then he grabbed that Phillips screwdriver from its hidden location. That junk in Adam’s backpack had to go, so he dumped it all on the bed. In its place went the screwdriver, a small notebook, and a pencil. Done. Next, he hustled back downstairs and out through the door leading into the garage.

He hit the light switch and rummaged through the tools, picking out a pruning saw, a flathead screwdriver, and a utility knife. In the backpack they went. Containing himself became difficult as thoughts whizzed through his mind. Just before dousing the garage light, he spotted a work smock. It was just what he needed. He plucked it from the wall hook and stuffed it in the backpack. In the corner were a pair of work gloves that sat on the bottom shelf of the workbench. He snatched them up and stowed them in the backpack. He was done. The backpack’s zipper resonated off the empty garage’s walls as he closed it. He switched off the light and shut the side door. There was one last thing to do in the house…get something to eat. He made himself a sandwich, and as he ate, he had ample time to develop his diabolical plan even further.

He sported a toothy grin as he left Adam’s house, heading in the direction of the school to find a car, preferably an older model that was inconspicuous, and chances were good that he’d find one along that route. This town was full of older model cars since the nearest dealership was in Wichita. Who would his first victim be? He pulled the list of names from his pocket and scanned it. There was one name that stood out…the judge’s, Judge Clayton. It was time for the judge to be judged, and coming face to face with the man who sentenced him to death made him drool. Watching him die a horrible death would be the pinnacle of excitement. The judge lived on the edge of town according to the paper, and that was perfect. He slipped the paper back into his pocket and proceeded with his quest for an automobile, focusing on the traffic buzzing along Catherine Avenue. 

He rounded the corner from Elwood to Catherine. The cemetery and shops were a few blocks away. If he wanted, he could just carjack one of those passing cars, but getting caught would defeat his plans. He continued down the street and grinned when he glanced at the shops on the other side of the street. That was the site of his first killing since coming back. He patted himself on the back for doing such a good job on her. Reliving those breath-taking moments heightened his need to get to the judge. He wondered if a suitable car was parked in between the shops where he performed his first kill? He joked with himself…the killer returns to the scene of the crime…why not? He crossed the street then headed towards the parking lot.   

At the back of the small parking lot was a chain-link fence with a raised curb placed in front of it. Recalling how safe people felt in this town, it was inevitable that someone would leave their car unlocked. Safety wasn’t a huge issue here, and he took advantage of that fact. Perusing each vehicle, he found the perfect one, an older model gray Nissan Maxima. Six cylinders for speed, decent tires, automatic drive train, and fairly clean. Since no one was around, he opened the door and casually climbed in like he owned it, then he went underneath the steering column. It didn’t take long before the engine roared to life. He gave the side and rear-view mirrors a slight adjustment then backed out. It was a new experience to drive this car with his new body. He felt shorter than he remembered, but once he pulled into the street, he adapted quickly.

It was early afternoon, and Kinkaid was unsure if the judge would be home or not, but he was in no particular hurry. Either way, he had to find out where the judge lived and stake out the area. No one would suspect a teenager walking along the street with a backpack flung over his shoulder. But he was getting ahead of himself. Maybe the judge was still at the courthouse, and the only way to find out is to cruise by there. It would be the first time he’d seen that part of town since his fate was doled out to him. If luck was on his side, he might spot others that wouldn’t live to see tomorrow.

Roaming the streets of Southern Pines was easy, and it was just how he remembered it. Up ahead was Jefferson Street, the five-lane thoroughfare running through the center of town, and the only street with parking meters on both sides of the street. Such a quaint way for the city to earn some meager revenue. He always thought this downtown district was weak where vehicles and pedestrians shared the roadway. He remembered the large Quiki-Mart just down the street from the courthouse being a favorite lunchtime stop where snacks and gasoline could be purchased simultaneously. McDonald’s, Arby’s, El Pollo Loco, and KFC formed a popular and convenient fast food corridor. 

The small mom and pop shop located at the corner of Jefferson and Baker Road, known as JK’s, was one of his favorite hangouts. It was a low-key place away from the city’s stuffy elite...those city employees with their thumbs up their asses. As he turned the corner from Baker onto Jefferson, he recalled how Jason and Kym Wells, the owners of JK’s, would go out of their way to protect him from harm. They had always treated him very well. Those fond memories were followed by a recollection he couldn’t shake. Seeing their distraught faces inside that courtroom as they watched him being sentenced to death was gut-wrenching. It was one of the few regrets that haunted him. He would love to stop by and visit them, but he was on a mission. No time for pleasantries. Anyway, they wouldn’t be able to recognize who he was, not in Adam’s body.

At the courthouse, up ahead and on the right, the judge’s prominent parking slot was still occupied. The asshole drove a light brown Lexus. Now he knew the make of the judge’s car and his address, and that’s what he needed. He drove past the courthouse, turned right onto Carver Court and pulled over to the curb.

He was happy to see no one paying attention to him so he pulled the sheet of paper with the names and addresses from his pocket, and he read down the list. There was no way he was going to sit around waiting to kill someone. Someone else had to be at home. He found the name of another juror, a woman this time, Mrs. Marta Rivera. She lived on the outskirts of town also. Visiting her would be fun, and he hoped she would be stupid enough to open the door for a nice looking teenager like himself. He re-stowed the list and pulled from the curb.

*****

So much for killing the judge first, but it didn’t bother him much. Mrs. Rivera would do just fine. He’d always liked the name, Rivera. It was poetic, calming, and exotic. Now Marta was something different, and he wondered if her parents left off the “h” on purpose, allowing it to be pronounced Marta instead of Martha. He recalled some faces of the folks that served on his jury but wasn’t sure if he remembered her specifically.

He turned onto Stratus Drive and searched for the address 4923. This wasn’t an area he visited much while alive. It was an impressive and quiet neighborhood with nice upscale houses. Their streets were clean and paved, not streaked with tar lines like on Elwood Drive. An image appeared in his mind. Soon, he imagined this street littered with emergency vehicles, their lights relentlessly blinding bystanders. Gossip would travel like wildfire about the gruesome deeds done to this law-abiding woman. Wouldn’t it be a hoot to be there to watch all the commotion? But it wasn’t going to happen. While all that was taking place, he hoped to be busy killing another person on the list.

He found the house but couldn’t tell if anyone was home, so he drove to the corner and turned around. He passed the house again but was still unsure. No one was out in the yards on the street, so he decided to take a chance. He drove up to the corner and parked the car so it couldn’t be seen from Stratus Drive. Before exiting the car, he prepped his backpack, placing the hardware on top and leaving it unzipped. He left the car, placed the backpack over his shoulder, and strolled toward her house. He maintained a casual stride as he scanned the neighborhood, passing by silent houses and admiring their beauty in an overt display of innocence. He trudged up the driveway at 4923 Status Drive, as though he was very familiar with the home, and rang the doorbell. He was pleased to see no screen door on the house.

He waited patiently, turning to scan the street. There were no sounds coming from inside. Half a minute passed before he rang the doorbell again. He heard a bit of shuffling. He slipped the backpack off his shoulders and reached in to clutch the handle of the Phillips screwdriver. The door finally opened, and the beautiful woman inside said hello. He immediately noticed how well her face fit her exotic name. Her stature was shorter than his, and her face was framed with wavy brown hair that cascaded over her shoulders. Her slender build was spectacular. He wasn’t sure, but he thought he remembered her from the jury box. He wondered if she was the lady with her hair up in a bun. He didn’t expect to be smitten.

After admiring her good looks, he got around to speaking, asking her in which direction was downtown located. She pointed back up the street where he parked the stolen car. Moving with the speed of a praying mantis, he forced the screwdriver through the soft skin below her sternum. The sound of air expelling from her lungs was intoxicating. He charged through the door sending her backward to the ground. Fear, pain, and disbelief were visible on her face. Tears poured from her eyes, and her body convulsed with each stab of the screwdriver. 

He concentrated on stabbing the soft areas of her torso to get the deep penetration he so desired. His penchant for destroying the kidneys was not wasted on her. She yelped but not loud enough to be heard outside. A firm stab to the side of her throat silenced her as blood poured from the wound like a fountain. He stood up and watched her writhe, waiting for her to lose consciousness so he could start his serious work. In the meantime, he returned to the front door and scanned the street in both directions, to ensure no one was nearby, then he closed the door. When he turned around, she was barely moving. There was more work to do. 

He reached into the backpack and pulled out the smock he’d taken from his garage, but then he thought, why get the smock bloody when I could just find something else to use like a coat or something? He searched the closet behind the front door, but he didn’t find anything useful. He stepped over her body, rounded the corner and ran up the stairs, checking each bedroom. In one of the bedrooms, a crib caught his attention. He went inside and examined it. A baby, maybe six months old, lay asleep. He reached in to pick the little bundle up, then paused and stared. Killing a baby would be no fun, it was too easy. All I have to do was slam it on the floor a couple of times, and that was it. He set the baby back down, tiptoed back from the crib, and headed out the room. Before exiting, he saw Marta’s flannel housecoat laying on the floor beside the door to the baby’s room. He picked it up and slipped it on. The sleeves were too short, and it had a tight fit, but its overall length covered his body quite well, coming well below his knees. A stack of towels sat on the baby’s dresser. He grabbed those too, then slipped back down the hallway and down the stairs. He stared down at Mrs. Rivera. She was still. 

It was time to put his other tools to use.

He pulled out the utility knife from his backpack followed by the pruning saw and set them down near her body. Much of the blood from her neck wound pooled around the right side of her head, so he worked from her left side. He seized the saw and began butchering Mrs. Rivera like a cow in a slaughter house, stripping away large sections of her thighs and calves. Precision wasn’t the name of the game…maximum damage to her body was. Jack the Ripper used precision, but Kinkaid utilized speed. With the utility knife, he tore into her innards, removing organs and arranging them around her body in a freakish manner.

He was finished with his bloody escapades, and her robe prevented the blood from staining his own clothing. He stepped away, slipped out the blood-stained robe, and washed his hands and tools in the bathroom sink down the hall. He didn’t care about fingerprints, or any DNA…it wasn’t his anyway; it was Adam’s. He wished he’d thought of that when he killed the first juror. He approached what was left of her body one last time, wiping his brow, then stowed his tools in the backpack and zipped it up. He stared at her dismembered body with a contemptible smirk then exited the house through the front door.

He turned around and waved as though he was saying goodbye to a close friend as he walked down Mrs. Rivera’s driveway. A lone car cruised past him, and he stared at the driver. The woman driving caught a quick glimpse of him and kept going.

Back inside the stolen car, he cranked down the windows to let the heat out. The slight breeze felt nice, and he sat there for a while. As he rested, he reviewed the wonderful job he’d just performed. He was tired but satisfied.

It was time to continue his tasks. He started the car. Its rumbling engine reactivated his blood lust. He was ready for more. He pulled away from the curb, obeying all traffic laws to remain as inconspicuous as possible while his mind focused on his mission. His destination…back to the courthouse to see if the judge’s car was still in the parking lot. He was in no hurry; the afternoon was still young.

Chapter 11

Within the safety of the house, Kyle couldn’t forget Adam’s disposition when he stormed away from him and Vance. In fact, deep in his heart, he was sure he was face to face with Kinkaid instead of Adam. He wished he could stay in the house for the rest of the day, but his mother promised to let him practice driving this afternoon. He’d been begging his mother for weeks to take him out, and she finally gave in last weekend. He needed only a few more hours of practice before the Driver’s Education instructor at his school would give him the okay to get his permit, but today, he was seriously considering foregoing the lesson.

He dragged himself up the stairs and into his bedroom. His mouth was dry, and his breathing was labored. His mind was in a bad place as questions circulated at blinding speeds. Should he be scared of Adam...ahhh Kinkaid, and if so, how long? Forever? Should he tell his mom? Would she believe him? Should events with Adam this afternoon be the reason he doesn’t get his driving permit when he wants? The more he questioned his motives, the more he wanted to defy Adam’s intimidation, but he knew Adam wasn’t the problem…it was Kinkaid. With that in mind, he chose to go on with his promised driving lesson, refusing to be ruled by fear. He switched on the television and waited for his mother to come home, leaving his homework for later.

Kyle didn't have to wait long. He felt the upstairs floor gently vibrate. The garage door was rising meaning his mother was home, and since today was her normal shopping day, he ran downstairs to help with the groceries. Besides, sucking up to her now would make it harder for her to renege out of his driving lesson.

As he helped put away the groceries, he eased into the subject of driving and was pleasantly surprised that she still agreed to take him. However, it would be about an hour before they would head out, and he was okay with that. He decided to get a jumpstart on his homework, so he left his mom in the kitchen to cook while he returned to his bedroom. He dove into his homework hoping to complete most of it before his mom called for him.

Kyle became consumed with his homework. His mind was on a roll, spewing out facts in an essay about the effects of the Industrial Revolution on the American economy during the early 1900s. Then his mother called and the valve to his thoughts slammed shut. It was so abrupt that he became conflicted; he hated to be interrupted while in the middle of his thoughts but was elated to go driving. He saved his work and sprinted down the stairs. His mother was waiting by the door leading into the garage with her purse sitting precariously on the edge of her shoulder. She handed him the keys, and they headed out the door. 

He pressed the rectangular button just outside the door and the garage door lifted. His mother climbed in on the passenger side, and with a jaunty step, he slipped behind the steering wheel and quickly switched on the ignition. The engine roared to life, and he was just about to move the stick into reverse when his mother tugged his wrist.

“Hold on there, Sparky,” she said. “Didn’t you forget something?”

He turned to see what she was talking about; then it hit him. He slapped on his seat belt and grabbed the shifter once more.

“Wait,” she said. “There’s something else you need to do.”

His eyebrows furled. What was she talking about? He looked around, checking the instrument panel, door mechanisms, and windshield. As he was turning towards his mother once more, his eyes glanced at the rear-view mirror. All he saw was the car's ceiling. He adjusted all the mirrors and finally looked at his mother for approval.

“Good, okay you can start backing out…slowly.”

He eased out the garage into the driveway then closed the garage door. So far, so good. It felt a little strange turning backward for so long as he continued backing out the driveway. He wished it was much shorter. He pressed the brake as he neared the sidewalk, checking both ways for pedestrians and street traffic before backing into the road. In the street now, the car shuttered as he shifted from reverse to drive, and they were off.

Kyle wanted to grin and bare his teeth as he sat behind the wheel but kept his composure. He was confident with himself based on the few good comments made by his mother, but would still get nervous when she knit-picked. He felt more comfortable with his father because he was more laid back. Kyle knew the truth, however. If he could satisfy his mother, it would be a cinch to satisfy the driving instructor, and he tried following the rules as best he could. His biggest blunders were not coming to a complete stop at stop signs, and his mother let him know it each time it happened.

As he left his neighborhood, his mother directed him to drive towards downtown to see how he handled himself in heavier traffic. It would be the furthest he’d ever driven from home. His hands became sweaty, and his heartbeat sped up. As a passenger in the car, going downtown was nothing, but now, everything seemed different. With additional traffic and pedestrians crossing the street wherever they pleased, he knew he had to pay more attention. He focused on giving his mother a safe ride which allowed him to settle down and concentrate. 

In the heavier downtown traffic on Jefferson Street, Kyle found himself very comfortable, keeping his cool and not letting too many things distract him. His self-confidence blossomed as his mother barely corrected anything during this part of the journey. He spotted the courthouse up ahead as he came to a complete stop for a traffic light on Jefferson. His car was in the lead position of the left-hand lane with other cars pulling up behind and to his right. Breathing easy for the time, he looked over to the cars across the intersection traveling in the opposite direction. 

One driver up front caught his eye, and he couldn’t resist staring. The traffic light turned green, but he didn’t accelerate. His mother nudged him, and Kyle applied gentle pressure to the gas pedal. As his car moved forward, he continued staring at the lead car traveling in the opposite direction. He got a clear look at the driver, and his jaw dropped. It was Adam…and he was driving someone else’s car. Why is he driving that car? Where are his parents? Where is he going? Did he see me? What’s he doing? Too many questions and he didn’t have answers for any of them. Kyle didn't think he was spotted, but it shook him up just the same, making it more difficult to focus on the road. His mother chimed in when he started making dumb mistakes. No matter how hard he tried to concentrate, the horror of spotting Adam was wedged in his mind. He glanced at the dashboard and noticed the time.

It was 4:53 PM.

*****

Kinkaid’s hard-on still raged from the recent murder of Marta, and his desire to get to the judge was reaching its apex. It was almost five o’clock, and the business day was drawing to a close. The pedestrian traffic on Jefferson was heavy as people made their way to the large parking lots around the downtown district. Kinkaid’s focus was on a single pedestrian, the judge. He cruised back and forth on Jefferson, venturing up and down side streets which allowed him the best views of the judge’s parking spot. The judge’s car was still parked. A traffic light on Jefferson caught him after he passed the courthouse for the last time. His itch to kill again became an ache. He looked for an unsuspecting victim, but none were readily around. 

When the light turned green, he pulled away in search of an empty parking space. Up ahead, he spotted JK’s where a single car occupied the parking lot. He pulled in, left the car, and entered the small store. He knew Jason and Kym wouldn’t recognize him, but that was okay. He wanted to see how they were getting along. His urge to kill subsided when he closed in on the counter, where Kym stood. She smiled and said,

“Can I help you, young man?”

The sound of her voice ignited his recollection. His throat tightened, then he asked for two packs of cherry Now & Laters candy. He watched Kym chuckle as she turned and picked the items from the candy shelf behind her.

“Have a sweet tooth, do we?”

“Ahhh…yeah. These always satisfy it,” he replied as he dangled a single dollar bill from his hand.

“Oh boy, they’ve satisfied many a sweet tooth for years,” she said still smiling as she rung up his purchase. “Alright, son, here’s your change. Thank you and come again.”

Kinkaid thought about her last statement and was ready with a snappy comeback, but he paused and said, “I’ll do that if I can.”

He managed a sincere smile as he pocketed his change and candy simultaneously. Quick flashes of his youth plowed through his mind as he left the store. Back outside, his mind turned back to his original mission, killing the judge. He departed JK’s driveway onto Jefferson and headed towards the courthouse. If the judge’s car was still there, he needed to find someone else on the list to take his place for the time being.  Traffic was heavier now, and he had some difficulty moving over to the far right lane due to other drivers jockeying for the same lane, but he managed to make it just in time to see that the judge’s car was missing. Excitement bubbled inside as his urge to kill returned with a vengeance, and he continued down Jefferson with the judge’s name swirling about his head.

*****

With reluctance and relief, Kyle’s driving lesson was coming to an end. He proceeded down Catherine Avenue ready to turn left onto Elwood Drive.  Seeing Adam in that strange car affected him more deeply than he thought, but it had an unexpected outcome; Kyle was more aware of the other cars and their drivers. At the moment, he wanted to get home without encountering Adam. As they approached their house, his mother hit the remote to open the garage door. Kyle was careful as he pulled forward up the extended driveway into the darkened space. Somewhere in his mind he heard his mother’s congratulations, but it seemed far away. His mind was stuck on Adam. He didn’t remember shutting off the car and entering the house, leaving his mother behind to close the garage door. The phone was ringing, and he rushed to answer it. It was Vance.

“Kyle, I’ve been trying to call you forever. I saw Adam walking down the street over an hour ago.” Vance said sounding frantic.

“You did? Well, you won’t believe this. I just came back from a driving lesson with my mom and…,” Kyle heard his mother enter the house and closed the door. “Hold on, my mom’s here,” Kyle whispered.

“Kyle, where are you?” his mother called out.

“I’m on the phone, mom.”

“Why didn’t you close the garage door when you left the car?”

“I’m sorry. I guess I was distracted.”

“You know part of driving is properly putting away the car when you’re done, right?” she scolded.

“Yes, I know. I said I’m sorry.”

He listened to see if she had any other words for him, but there was only silence.

“You still there Vance?” Kyle whispered.

“Yeah. What were you saying?”

“I saw Adam driving somebody else’s car downtown near the courthouse.”

“YOU WHAT?”

“He was driving somebody’s car. I’ve never seen him drive before, ever.

“Did he see you?” Vance asked. The pitch of his voice skipped a couple of octaves.

“I don’t think so. I was sitting at the traffic light on Jefferson, and he was on the other side of the street going in the opposite direction. I didn’t know what to do, but I didn’t want him to see me. When the light turned green, he pulled off, but he didn’t look over at me.”

“I wonder whose car he was driving? Hell, I didn’t know he even knew how to drive. I wonder did he steal it? I don’t know Kyle. This is the strangest stuff yet.”

“I know, man, and I still don’t like it. I didn't know he could drive either, or maybe that wasn't him, but Kinkaid. I don’t know if I should tell my mom or not. You know how they are. If we’re wrong, they’ll never let us live it down,” Kyle griped.

“Yep, you’re right. I’m getting tired of being bitched at all the time. So what do we do?”

“Right now, nothing, I guess. Let’s wait and see what happens next.”

“Okay. I’m going to finish my homework. Let me know if you hear or see anything else.”

“I will. See ya,” Kyle said.

While Kyle hung up the phone, a chill ran up his spine as if he was being watched, but when he glanced over his shoulder, no one was there. He worked on losing his worried expression after the phone call and entered the kitchen to apologize to his mother once again. He anticipated her next question; she asked who had called. He told her it was Vance, but lied about the conversation, stating simply it was about homework.

As he walked up the stairs to his room, something Vance said struck him: Could Adam have stolen that car? If so, how did he do it? With all this on his mind, concentrating on his homework would be a useless endeavour, therefore, he used his television as a quick distraction. He switched it on just in time to watch an updated news report about the gruesome murder of the female today across town. The announcer stated it was a horrific crime scene, like something from slasher films. Then he added that she was a former juror in the Brian Kinkaid trial. From the announcer’s carefully edited description, he knew whoever did it wanted her to suffer. This creep was sick in the head. It almost sounded like something Kinkaid… He stopped thinking for a moment out of fear that his mind might take him to a place of extreme terror. There was no way in hell it could be true. First off, there’s no proof, only speculation, and even that was iffy. Was he grasping at straws that don’t exist? He switched the channel searching for anything light-hearted. His mind needed to be freed from the heap of shit piling up on it.

Chapter 12

While Kinkaid meandered through the streets of Southern Pines, his mind sizzled as he contemplated the judge’s demise. As he did with the late Mrs. Rivera, he turned down the judge’s street, Glenrosa Avenue, and drove by his home a few times looking innocent. There was a car parked in the driveway that didn’t belong to the judge. Someone else may be home which was unexpected. Should he approach the house now or wait until the judge came home? Time was getting tight. If somebody had already discovered Mrs. Rivera’s body, a manhunt could begin even though he may not be considered a suspect just yet. However, if he duped the current occupants into trusting him and letting him inside the house, he could kill them then wait for the judge. That was a little too risky and was not quite the way he wanted to play it. He wanted absolute control over the judge and yearned to see the judge’s eyes when he revealed his true identity. Suddenly, he remembered he was driving a stolen car. Had anyone reported it stolen? Could the police be searching for it now? It was a real possibility and could place his plan in jeopardy, but he didn’t let that bother him now. He cruised by the home a few more times before pulling over on a small side street named Earll Lane, where it intersected Glenrosa Avenue.

He found himself waiting again as occasional cars swooped through the upscale neighborhood. It was another neighborhood where everyone kept to themselves, and no one ventured outside. Their homes served as prison cells, keeping them safe from the boogeyman. Such fear in a small town was ridiculous. In the Wichita neighborhood, where he grew up, things were much different. He remembered it being a decent, active neighborhood where people were always outside. Back then, adults tended to their yards or just sat outside in their lawn chairs amused by the kids running and jumping up and down the street. Another common sight was to see neighbors visiting one another just to socialize.

His immediate neighborhood was very decent, but the neighborhoods a few streets over had many bad elements. That’s where he met numerous kids who acted much older than they were. Those neighborhoods were all about trouble, testing each other to see how much trouble they could get into. He gravitated toward that group and became quite popular with them. Their tests pushed the limits of his morality until he had none, and it was the beginning of his slow, downward spiral which ended fatally for him.

As he scanned up and down the street, he felt the judge’s neighborhood was disconnected…to each his own. He bet no one on the street even knew their neighbor’s names, and that would make killing the judge easier. As long as their neighbors kept to themselves, he should have no problems.

Suddenly, Kinkaid’s vision blurred. He rubbed his eyes and reopened them. His vision remained blurry. He rubbed them once again then everything went dark. When he reopened them, he could see. A wide-eyed Adam stared out the windshield of this strange car. His heartbeat pounded in his ears. Where was he and how did he get there? He couldn’t catch his breath as the severity of his situation sunk in. He shifted back and forth in his seat and fumbled with the seatbelt trying to unfasten it. Then his vision became blurry once again and he rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. He wanted to scream, then everything went black. When he opened his eyes, the world spun as Kinkaid peered out the windows. He’d never experienced anything like that before, and in his gut, he knew something was wrong. There was a tugging within his mind, and he suspected Adam may be trying to reclaim his body, forcing it away from Kinkaid’s evil grasp. Then Kinkaid slumped forward, and his entire body convulsed as he felt stretched in every direction. He struggled as the pain grew. He couldn’t give up control, not now. He writhed in the front seat, on the verge of screaming. The battle lasted about a minute, but it felt like hours. Then it ended, Kinkaid knew he had won. His power over Adam had steadily grown since those early days, and now, he took away everything Adam had. 

While he massaged his tender muscles to relieve their soreness, he spotted a light-brown Lexus cruising down Glenrosa in the direction of the judge’s house. Kinkaid slumped down in his seat, and his eyes followed the car as it slowed and turned into the judge’s driveway. He got a clear view of the judge as he exited his car and entered the front door. Kinkaid sat up and prepared himself for his attack.

He scanned Glenrosa. The neighborhood was as dead as when he first arrived. He slipped out the car and removed the backpack from the passenger seat. He flung it over his shoulders and took his time as he strolled down towards the judge’s house. Before turning into the driveway, he stopped, removed the backpack, and reached inside removing the notebook, the pencil, and the Phillips screwdriver. He zipped it up and awkwardly slipped it over his shoulder once again. During the unusual maneuver, he managed to slip the sharp screwdriver into his back pocket. Now he was ready to introduce himself.

With notepad and pencil in hand, he strutted up the driveway with an awkward teenage stride and took pride in his acting prowess. Standing at the front door, he rang the doorbell and prepared his words for whoever opened it. The lock jiggled, followed by the sound of a deadbolt. Kinkaid inhaled. The door swung open, but the reflection of the sun on the screen door's window hid the person’s identity.
 
“Hello?” Kinkaid asked shyly.

“Hello. Can I help you?” the unseen female voice said.

“I hope so. I’m looking for Judge Clayton to do a report about a case he presided over. Is this his house?”

“Yes, it is. Hold on, and I’ll get him.”

“Thank you very much,” an excited Kinkaid replied. 

He knew this would be a double homicide. He couldn’t afford to leave any witnesses. He placed the notepad and pencil inside his front left pants pocket and removed the screwdriver, concealing it in his palm behind his right pants leg. His anticipation was at a precipice. The sound of heels hitting the floor echoed from inside, then went silent, replaced by softer footsteps that approached the front door. He could barely make out who was standing behind the screen door. Kinkaid resisted hollering at the top of his lungs with joy. His fury would be unleashed as soon as the screen door opened. Then a deep voice said,

“Can I help you?”

“Hello, Judge Clayton. My name is Adam Trenton, and I go to school at Seacrest Senior High. I would like to interview you for a paper I’m writing for my Social Studies class about the judicial system’s reactions to sentencing someone to death. We learned about Brian Kinkaid in school, and I did some digging around. I found out you were the judge presiding over the case. Is that correct?”

“Yes, you’re correct. I think that's a pretty heavy subject for the classroom. Are you sure you want to write about this subject?”

“Oh, sure. I’ve already told my teacher I’d be interviewing you. He thinks it’s one of the best ideas I’ve come up with this year.”

“Well, that’s wonderful. Come on in, and I’ll tell you as much as I can.”

Kinkaid heard a click from the screen door, then the door’s plunger squealed as the screen door opened. He could see the judge’s face and body clearly. He lurched forward with the screwdriver in hand, ready for damage.

He felt the skin pop as the screwdriver’s pointed tip punctured the soft skin under the judge’s sternum. With a contorted face, the judge expelled air from his body, his breath smelled foul. The judge stumbled backward as he grumbled in pain and gasped for air. It was time to surprise the judge, hopefully giving him a shock that would stop his heart immediately. In a low tone, Kinkaid said,

“Hello, you asshole! I bet you don’t know what’s happening or why, do you? I’m damn sure you don’t know who I am. I’m your worst nightmare that’s come back to life. I’m Brian Kinkaid you fuck! I took over this boy’s body just so I could come back and get my revenge. Remember that shithead? Remember I said I’d come back to kill you? Well, guess what you dumb fuck? Here I am! This is going to hurt, believe me. Oh, and as a bonus, I’m going to kill your wife too. I don’t give a shit if I’m caught because I’m already dead. I’m going to take both of you to the pit of hell with me. The both of you will love burning with me. Take that, you shit!” With a sharp twist of the screwdriver, the judge winced.

Kinkaid removed the screwdriver and plunged it again under his sternum, sending the judge falling backward to the ground. His groans grew louder, and Kinkaid tried to silence them by rapidly plunging the screwdriver in and out of the soft part of his abdomen, puncturing internal organs and intestines. The stench from the bile leaking into his stomach cavity was putrid. He left the judge writhing upon the floor while he removed his backpack and pulled out the utility knife. Getting bloody was the furthest thing from his mind. This was going to be his masterpiece. The judge began kicking and yelled out loud. Kinkaid smiled.

Footsteps approached from both upstairs and the basement. There was a third person in the house. He looked up at the staircase and a boy, maybe twelve years old, stood there, watching him butcher this man. Kinkaid smiled and said,

“Is this your father, boy? Come here and join him. You both can die together,” then he let out a fiendish howl.

The boy screamed, and Kinkaid rose up wielding the utility knife. More footsteps came from the kitchen area. It was the woman who answered the door. She stopped and screamed. Kinkaid wanted her, and he had to stop her. He chased her as she began fleeing back into the kitchen. She opened the door leading into the basement and slammed it behind her. Kinkaid heard the door lock. He was fine with that. He would come back for her later because she wasn’t going anywhere. It was time to continue his fun with the judge. As he turned the corner, he saw the boy crying over his father.

“There you are,” Kinkaid said. “Stay right there boy. Let me slice your gullet open with this blade.”

A piercing scream reverberated through the house, and the boy bolted out the front door calling for God to save him. His screaming was bound to attract someone’s attention, but Kinkaid still had some time to do his job.

The judge lay sprawled out on his left side as his life force spilled onto the floor. Kinkaid straddled him, rolled him onto his back, then sat on his waist. Kinkaid’s devilish smile disappeared, and he said,

“See you in hell, bitch!”

With those words, Kinkaid cut off his shirt and made a deep incision from the top of the judge’s chest to the bottom of his sternum. Then, as if filleting a fish, he began carefully cutting the skin from the underlying muscle, pulling and ripping it towards the right side, opening his chest up. More blood flooded the floor as the judge screamed in agony before blacking out. Kinkaid could see vestiges of the rib cage beneath the muscle as he tugged the skin back. Then he began on the left side, but Kinkaid noticed the judge wasn’t responding. Kinkaid reached back and slapped the shit out of the judge, forcing him back to consciousness. When he finished, the judge’s entire chest cavity was exposed, his heart pumping furiously underneath the rib cage. Kinkaid’s hands, arm, and clothes were painted with his blood, but he didn’t care. He knew there was a fair chance he would die once again in this house.

He didn’t care if the judge was awake anymore. He reached into the backpack and pulled out his next weapon, the pruning saw, and without hesitation, he began sawing on the judge’s right shoulder. He wanted to keep the judge’s ‘long arm of the law’ as a souvenir. He aggressively sliced through muscle, tendon, and bone until a massive surge of blood squirted from the artery he breached. The sight made him sigh in ecstasy, and he moved with haste. To cut the last vestiges of skin, he lifted the severed arm and completed his task. The judge was out cold, but Kinkaid wasn’t sure if he was dead yet.

Kinkaid took hold of the severed limb and stood up, shaking it so that the hand flopped around aimlessly. It was his new play thing, and he thought of a good use for it. He left the judge behind and headed for the door leading into the basement. He held the arm up, and with a sickening sense of humor, he used the judge’s hand to knock on the door, calling out,

“Hello, honey. Do you need a hand with anything down there?” A loud shriek permeated the kitchen area from behind the door. “Ahhh honey, you say I never help you around the house. Let me give you a hand. When we’re done, I can give you a high five!”

He couldn’t stop laughing at his own depravity as he terrorized the judge’s wife. He felt all powerful knowing that she was trapped. But soon his jocularity morphed into rage. He wanted her throat between his fingers; he wanted to feel the thump of her jugular veins as they desperately tried to push blood into her brain; he wanted to see her eyes roll back in her head; he wanted to hear the gasps, the silent screams, the fear. He yelled and slammed against the door trying to break it down, but the door didn’t budge. There had to be another way. He looked around and saw her purse sitting atop the counter. He tipped it upside down, dumping its contents onto the tan tile floor until a nice set of keys noisily clang against it. He retrieved them, and one at a time, tried each key in the door lock. The louder her screams became, the more he knew he was on the right track. She knew what he was doing, and every scream reaffirmed his anticipation. Eventually, one key slid all the way into the lock. He turned it to the left and the lock disengaged.

*****

The judge’s young son sprinted over neighboring lawns, his screams slicing through the tranquility of the residential street. His energy waned, and he slowed down as tears gushed down his cheeks, however, his screams never ceased and eventually caught the attention of some curious neighbors. Front doors opened and heads peeked out. As the boy stood on the lawn of a house down the street, a man left his stoop and jogged towards him. His screams became louder, making the man pause before approaching much more slowly.

“Hey! Hey! What’s wrong?” the man asked as he realized the boy was not hurt.

“He’s…he’s killing them,” the boy said, his voice trembling.

“What? Who’s killing them?”

“He is! He is! A man is in my house and he’s killing my dad!” the boy said as he pointed to his house.

“Come with me. I’ll call 911. Hurry, come on!” the man said grasping the boy's hand and leading him into his house to keep him safe.

The image of his injured father was frozen in the boy’s mind, but it was the man’s voice who hurt his father that scared him even more. It was nefarious as if Lucifer himself spoke to him. The boy watched his neighbor through his tears, recognizing him from brief encounters from the past, but he didn’t know his name. He’d greeted him on occasion, but right now, he was grateful someone was helping him. 

His mind drifted back to his father. His stomach was tight and filled with knots. Even though the man was getting help, it seemed like time ticked away at a snail’s pace. The man finally hung up the phone and said,  

“The police are coming now. Come over here and sit down. Let me get you some water. Stay right here, and I’ll be back.”

He watched the man walk towards his kitchen and immediately felt an overwhelming loneliness once he was out of sight. His tear flow softened as exhaustion from crying set in. He gazed around the room. It was very inviting with vertical blinds slanted open to allow the soft glow of the afternoon sun inside. Pictures of children sat on the end table next to him, and he wondered if they were the man’s children. He’d never seen children at this house before. The room was very clean, as though it was never used. Then he heard the man approaching once more, and he wiped away the last remnants of his tears.

The man was gentle and slowly handed the boy the glass of water. The boy felt safe when the man smiled. During the silence, while he drank, the boy’s thought turned to his mother. She was at home also. He choked down his last gulp of water and said,

“My mom’s at home too! He’s gonna kill my mom, mister!”

“Okay, the police will be here real soon. They’ll do what they can for your mom,” the man said trying to calm the boy down. Sirens sounded in the distance and were coming closer. He turned to the boy and said,

“I hear the sirens now. Do you hear them? They’ll be here shortly. They’ll check on your mother and father.”

The boy detected the faint sirens, and with some sense of relief, he drank deeply from his glass of water. He was very appreciative of the help the man gave him. The sirens drew his attention to the windows in the living room, and the man got up and peeked through the blinds.

“I see them now. They’re just down the street. You stay inside. I’m going out to direct them to your house.”

“But I want to see my mother and father,” the boy said excitedly.

“I know you do, but the police have to make sure they are safe first. Stay in here and stay away from the windows. I’m going outside…Remember, stay in here.”

“Alright, I will.”

The boy watched him go outside then hurriedly jumped up to look out the window as soon as the door shut. He peeked outside to see what was happening. It was a madhouse. Five police units occupied the entire street, and the officers were out with their guns drawn, but down at their sides. He watched the man step quickly towards one of the officers with his hands partially raised. He started talking using hand gestures motioning at the boy’s house. The boy began tearing up once again as thoughts of his mother and father returned. His urge to dash outside tugged hard at him, but he kept it at bay. From the corner of his eye, he noticed another larger vehicle pulling near the other police cars. It was the local news van. He began breathing faster when he realized the events taking place outside may be shown on the news later today.

Chapter 13

Kyle returned to his essay, picking up where he left off with the low volume of his television serving as background noise. Any words spoken were intelligible. Twenty minutes passed, and his pen was blazing back and forth in his notebook.

He was nearing the end of the essay, feeling especially good about it. It was rare, but when he was focused, he could do a very good job with an essay. A soft series of words from the reporter on the television disrupted his concentration. He turned to see a reporter point at numerous police cars surrounding a house. He set his pen down and turned up the volume to find out what was happening. A standoff was taking place. The police received a tip that the judge for the Brian Kinkaid case and his wife may have been hurt. He leaned forward and turned up the volume.

Hearing Brian Kinkaid’s name again was unbelievable. It’s as if Kinkaid had become a permanent fixture in the trio’s life now. Somehow they’d developed an odd, intimate relationship with a dead serial killer and an unwanted one. The reporter didn’t say anything relevant about the events occurring behind her, but instead, she was going on about Brian Kinkaid and his relationship to the judge. Behind the reporter, Kyle watched the officers standing near their vehicles with their weapons drawn. The camera panned from the reporter to get a close-up of the officers and the house they surrounded. Kyle continued watching as the camera scanned sideways, showing some of the houses in that neighborhood.

The reporter’s unseen face continued blabbing about the Brian Kinkaid case, then the camera zoomed out to give the viewers a wide-angle perspective. That’s when Kyle noticed it, and he stood up as an icy chill paralyzed him. It couldn’t be true. He blinked several times refusing to believe what he saw on the television, but each time, it was still there. Parked down the street at the corner, not far from the judge’s house was an older gray Nissan Maxima that resembled the same car he saw Adam driving earlier. Why would Adam be in that neighborhood unless he possessed by Kinkaid right now! A dangerous nightmare was unfolding. There was no way this could be true. Kyle felt his mind was taking things a little too far with nothing to grasp on to. If it were true, it meant Adam could be in the judge’s house, and there was no way Adam would do that…but would Kinkaid do it? He needed to talk to someone, so he ran downstairs to phone Vance.

He skirted by the kitchen where his mother was preparing dinner. He knew she had seen him, but he didn’t care. His movements were urgent…erratic. As Vance’s phone rang, he murmured,

“C’mon…C’mon!” drawing the attention of his mother.

He began pacing back and forth, and she came over to him. Finally, someone answered the phone.

“Vance, is that you?”

“No, this is his mother. Who is this?”

“Oh, hi Mrs. Gidwell. This is Kyle. Can I speak to Vance? It’s really important.”

“Sure, hold on a second.” He heard her call out Vance’s name.

“Kyle, what’s wrong?” his mother asked, looking confused by the strange way he was acting.

“Hold on mom. I’ve got to talk to Vance first. I’ll tell you after I talk to him. C’mon Vance!” His mother stood there for a while longer then returned to the kitchen.

“Hey, Kyle. What’s up?”

“Vance, something’s wrong. Something’s really wrong. Have you been watching television?”

“No, I was doing my homework. Why? What’s wrong?”

“Turn on your television now. It’s on the news. There is a standoff with the police. Someone’s in the judge’s house.”

“Judge! What judge?”

“The judge who sentenced Brian Kinkaid to death. Vance, remember the car I told you I saw Adam driving? It’s there. I saw it. It’s there parked up the street right behind the reporters. Man, I think Adam is in there. I think he’s possessed by Brian Kinkaid right now and wants to kill the judge!”

“Whoa! Hold on! You think Adam would do that?”

“No, I don’t think Adam would do it, but if he’s possessed, Adam wouldn’t know what he was doing. I bet anything Kinkaid would do it.”

“Wait, let me turn on the television. Which channel?”

“Channel 9.”  

He sensed a familiar, but unexpected presence and he turned around. His mother stood behind him silently listening to everything he said. Normally this would have upset him, but that was not the case. It was her expression that confounded him. It was a look he’d never seen before, but he knew questions would be spewing from her mouth shortly.

“What the hell are you talking about and who are you talking to?” she said demanding an answer.

He stared in her eyes and knew this would be one conversation he’d loathe. It meant going into details that included speculations, and without an ounce of proof. He would be interrogated further, and there was a strong possibility he would be accused of some wrongdoing. He was trapped and on his own. Escape was impossible. He took a deep breath and put the phone to his ear.

“Vance, I’ll have to call you back. My mother just heard what we were talking about.”

“Damn! Okay then. She’ll probably be calling my house soon. Good luck!” Vance lamented, knowing full well that he would be the next one to get interrogated.

“I know she will. See ya.”

Kyle hung up the phone and set it down on the bureau in the short hallway. His mind raced to create a quick lie, some fantastic tale, maybe something related to school, but he was suddenly interrupted.

“Why do you think Adam is trying to kill that judge?”

That was it, the fatal question, and the one he feared the most. He looked at his mom and words slipped freely from his mouth. He spilled everything, starting with the accident Adam had. He held nothing back.
Ten minutes later, and after several umms and ahhs, he finished his fantastic tale and was relieved, but he didn’t understand why he felt that way. This was something he’d kept between Vance and himself and allowing an outsider, especially an adult, into their inner circle was unheard of. His mother was silent, much too quiet. Now he was in for it. It was beat down time. The hammer was about to fall upon him, totally obliterating his being.

“Do you believe everything you just told me?”

With wide eyes and his head cocked to one side, he couldn’t believe she asked that question so calmly. There was no yelling, no interrogation, and to his surprise, no put downs. This was his chance to be honest and tell her exactly what was on his mind.

“Yes, mom, I do believe it. I know I don’t have any proof, but I did see him driving that car today. The same car parked on the street near the judge’s house. Come to my room, and I can show you.”

He tugged her towards his room and felt her reluctance to go, but she gave in. They stood on each side of the television waiting for the cameraman to pan the area. Kyle rubbed his fingers as his impatience grew. The cameraman unknowingly teased Kyle many times as he moved from the reporter to the officers. Then it happened. There was a shot of the car Adam drove. 

As they watched, with Kyle finally feeling quite vindicated, the cameraman suddenly panned back to the officers standing behind their vehicles. A group of four officers, crouched down and gripping their pistols with both hands, began making their way up the driveway. The unseen reporter continued giving her commentary on the actions taking place. Kyle's heart beat faster as he watched the officer’s move in. They split up, with two officers heading toward the back of the house and the other two standing stationary at the front corner.

“Mom, I think they’re going in. They’re gonna kill Adam!” Kyle said raising his voice.

“Wait, honey. They may not do anything. Besides, it might not be Adam in there,” she responded.

Kyle found her tone strange like she was trying to force herself to believe something.

The lead officer in the front spoke into his shoulder mounted radio, then both men closed in on the front door. A fifth officer darted up the driveway carrying a black battering ram, and the three of them met at the door simultaneously. Kyle trembled as they watched. He couldn’t be sure, but it looked like the officer with the battering ram did a silent count before the large object smashed the door open. The two officers rushed inside with their weapons pointing forward and disappeared into the darkness of the home’s interior. The reporter kept yapping her gums, speculating on everything that was taking place, and Kyle wished she would shut up. More officers began moving toward the entrance, pausing at different times to assess the situation. Then the reporter said she could hear yelling coming from inside the house, but couldn’t tell who was yelling.

“Mom?!” Kyle yelled, not sure if he was asking a question or exclaiming his fear. 

She didn’t respond. The cameraman jerked unintentionally, which caused Kyle to rear back. Then the unbelievable happened. He saw Adam running out of the front door. An officer outside yelled at him, insisting that he halt and put up his hands. Kyle’s mom grasped her mouth and dropped to her knees. Kyle remained motionless, unable to utter a sound. On the screen, Adam looked crazed, bearing his teeth, then with his arms flailing and the utility knife in his right hand, glinting in the sunlight, he ran directly at one of the officers. Pop…pop…pop. Shots continued to ring out. Adam went limp as he fell to the ground. It was over. Kyle just witnessed his best friend getting executed on television. His confusion led to sadness, then anxiety, and finally relief. The person running from that house wasn’t Adam, he was sure of that. It was the reincarnation of Brian Kinkaid, and it was Kinkaid that killed Adam. Adam was free from his tormentor, whether he knew it or not. But Kyle had lost a dear friend, a schoolmate, and confidant. The reporter continued babbling, sounding like the teacher from the Charlie Brown cartoons. Kyle noticed tears rolling down his mother’s cheek, a look of disbelief smothered her face.
  
“I can’t believe they showed that boy getting shot on television!” she exclaimed.

The station switched back to the newsroom right after she said those words, and the reporter apologized for showing such graphic content, explaining that it was difficult to control unfolding events. There was stunned silence. Kyle could barely hear the birds chirping outside his window. A cool breeze buffeted his shoulders when the air conditioner switched on, the air making a soft low hiss as it passed by his ears. Then Kyle spoke,

“Mom, did you see that? Did that look like the Adam you know?”

“I don’t know. He was crazy. It looked a lot like Adam, but I’ve never seen him act that way.”

“That’s because he doesn’t act that way. That’s what I was telling you. Adam was possessed, possessed by Brian Kinkaid. Why would Adam go to the judge’s house? He didn’t know the judge. I don’t even think he knew where he lived…unless.”

Kyle paused as a crazy memory blossomed in his head. The judge’s address was on that list he emailed to Adam. So were the names and addresses of many of the people involved in the case. If Adam had the list, so did Kinkaid.

“Mom! We gotta call the police. Call them now! Adam…I mean Brian Kinkaid may have hurt other people. Adam had a list of the names and addresses of many people involved with Kinkaid’s case. Let’s go. Get up and call them now!”

Kyle helped his mother up but could some resistance since she couldn’t peel her eyes from the television. He led her downstairs to the hallway and picked up the receiver. His finger quickly tapped out 911, then he put the receiver to his ear. His mother leaned up against the wall next to him. Shortly, someone answered the phone,

“9-1-1. What’s your emergency?”

“Hi. I’m calling about the guy who was shot on television a few minutes ago. He may have hurt some other people, and I can prove it. Please send the police over to my house.”

“Are you being hurt right now, sir?”

“No, I’m not being hurt, but others may be hurt. You have to send someone here now. Look, I know I’m not supposed to call you guys with this but there may be other people hurt, and I may be able to help them if you send the police to my house.”

It took a little more convincing, but Kyle’s request was granted, and a police unit would be sent. After he hung up the phone, he saw his mother was still in shock, so he left her leaning against the wall and ran upstairs to print out that list of people he gave Adam.

The phone rang as he was coming back downstairs. He bypassed his mother and answered it.

“Hello?”

“Kyle, did you see what happened to Adam?”

Vance’s high pitched voice caused him to pull the phone from his ear, then he said, “That wasn’t Adam. That was Kinkaid!”

“You mean Brian Kinkaid?”

“Yep, Brian Kinkaid. He took over Adam’s body and now both are dead. See, I told you something was up with Adam.”

“I hate that I saw that. He was my friend, and they killed him like an animal.”

“I know Vance, but you have to remember that wasn’t Adam. Blame Kinkaid on Adam’s death.”

“I know you’re right, but it’s so hard to understand.”

“Hey, let me tell you this. The cops are coming over here to see the list of names Adam had. Remember that list I made of everybody involved with the Kinkaid case? Remember?”

“Yeah. So what?”

“So I still have the list. Adam, I mean Kinkaid, may have hurt other people that we don’t know about yet. Remember, they found that juror yesterday dead. Maybe Kinkaid did it.”

“You think so?”

“Could be. I haven’t heard anything else on the news about it. This list may break that case.”

“Boy, I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes right now. They may think you had something to do with it.”

“But I didn’t. I just made the list for me. I didn’t know Adam was going to ask for it.”

“Well, that’s true. I’ve gotta tell my parents. Since Adam was my friend too, I’m pretty sure they’re going to have some questions for me. Boy, I’m gonna hate explaining this to them. I don’t know if they’ll believe me. If they don’t believe me, will you help me out?”

“Sure. I’ll get them to believe you. Once everybody sees what I have, they’ll have no choice.”

“Thanks, Kyle. I’ll let you go. Bye.”

“See ya, Vance.”

Kyle knew his meeting with the police might be the precursor to what Vance will experience with his parents. Still leaning against the wall, his mother let out a small sigh, and although she was right there, he’d forgotten about her. He helped her into the living room and spoke softly to her. She was responsive but awkward. He let her know the police were on their way to talk to him and she nodded. He led her to the couch as she mumbled something about being okay before sitting down. In his wildest dreams, he never imagined all of this would happen. He sat down next her, embracing the sheet of names in his hand. He heard his mom sigh,

“Kyle, I’m sorry you lost a friend today. I know it must hurt.”

“Thanks, mom. I’m going to miss Adam, but I’m going to help him too. When the police get here, I’m going to tell them everything I know.”

“I know you will. I should have listened to you, but it seemed so fantastic.”

“Mom, I’ve been keeping this to myself for months. I knew something was wrong ever since his accident, but I had no proof. And over the last few months, things just started piling up, but I never thought it would end as it did.” Kyle faced the living room window and said, “I wish the police would hurry up and get here.” He stood and ventured to the window, parting the beige curtains revealing the open, white blinds behind them.

Epilogue

The police arrived at Kyle’s residence, and he gave them the piece of paper containing the names. He pleaded with the police to check with everyone on the list to ensure they were okay, but there was plenty of reluctance. His story seemed too fantastic to be taken seriously. He needed corroboration, and Vance could help with that. He called Vance and told him to come over.

Vance backed up everything Kyle mentioned. Being cautious, the police agreed to check on everyone. On the ten o’clock news, they reported on the bizarre events leading to Adam’s death along with the deaths of the judge, his wife, and the two officers who entered the house to capture him. They also linked Adam to the death of jurors Marta Rivera and Thomas Abbott, and finally, to the murder of his first victim, Valerie Kelsey, the young woman found in the parking lot. Adam was laid to rest in an interior location of the Southern Pines Cemetery far from Brian Kinkaid’s burial plot and away from the perimeter fence.

The town paid to have Brian Kinkaid’s burial plot demolished and his body cremated.

#####

Thank you for reading my novella. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite retailer or website?

Thanks! 

Pernell Rogers

View my profile at: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/arogers270


Discover other supernatural titles by Pernell Rogers at: 
iBooks
https:/smashwords.com
https:/barnesandnoble.com

The Dark Stalker
The Meek Curtis Weems
Casualty of Coincidence
The River
Duane’s Secret

I also have two 100-word drabbles published at: 
https://horrortree.com/category/trembling-with-fear/

The Chase
In the Woods – On The Hunt
