Vampyre:
The Graveyard Series 
1208
Written by Dawn Siewert 
Story by Dawn and Josh Siewert 
Characters and original story created by  
Jason Mancil, Joe Sousa, Dawn Siewert,  
Josh Siewert, and Jennifer Mancil 
Copyright 2015 by Dawn Siewert 
This a draft copy. 8/15/2016










Fleur's Castle  
Northeast of Paris France
The Sixteenth of May, 1206
The Seventh Age of Vampyres 
Elizabeth Isabella Rainia Augustus Demonte 
Princess of Fleur Realm, 
Châtelain of the Thyme Sage Gardens. 


The mist swirls around our feet as we leap from the window. The grass cool, slippery; a sickly-sweet smell wafting through the air. I can feel Isobel's pulse racing as we grasp hands and take off across the inky castle grounds, just as we had many nights before. She keeps insisting we must get away, pulling my arm roughly towards a foggy darkness I could not see into.

I look back at the castle to bid a fare thee well, however the castle is a mere silhouette against the dark sky. I pause to ponder how we are moving unusually fast, when the earth abruptly begins to shift and tremble beneath my feet. I trip, feeling Isobel’s fingers slip from my grasp. 

It takes Iso a few paces to realize I have fallen. When she looks back, her eyes enlarge with dread. Seven minuscule tears escape the corners of her blind eye. She begins shouting and pointing at something terrifying that is rapidly approaching, but with the wind howling through the trees, it muffles every sound her breath tries to carry to me. 

She mouths, “I am sorry” before turning and running straight into welcoming arms of darkness, welcomes her with arms agape. I scream for her over and over but even with all that I possess, the words are carried away by the shrieking wind. 

My legs sink deeper and deeper into the silty earth. The mud is starting to strangle my lower half, as if its arms that have a hold, pulling me deeper. The more I twist and pull, the better hold it gets on me, pulling me further down until I am completely submerged.  

My screams and coughs startle me awake as I my mouth overflowed with dirt. No matter where my dreams begin they slowly but always devolve into this nightmare of losing my twin sister four years ago.  My primary handmaiden Marie, is always right there by my side, strokes my long mahogany curls, and will sing the sweetest songs to lull me back to sweet dreams. But today is too crucial of a day to spend it resting, instead she assists me up, and begins to straightens my bed linens. She summons for my other maidens to begin preparing my bath, lay out my clothing, and ready me for the day ahead… 

My last day, my last morning. Looking around at the ladies, each busy with their duties, I wonder will the night hold the same thrill as each morning does? The chirping choir of larks and warblers singing a wonderful melody during my morning customs. Are their singing night birds? I positively hope so.  

My ladies, with the exception of Marie, will no longer be mine. They are to be reassigned various other Duchesses across the Realm. Not only am I losing my friends but they are also losing each other. Dorothea? Odette? Ingraine? Yvonne? Gisselle? They each have cared for me since my earliest of memories. They have tended to my every need and been with me through every tear, smile and heartache. The tears have been flowing freely since the last new moon. I am teaching them how to write so that we may send letters to each other and keep in contact once they are gone. Arthur explained that once I transition it is dangerous to have humans nearby out the risk of accidentally feeding on them.  Marie has become special to me. She is truly my bosom friend. So father agreed to allow her to stay though until I gain control she will not be allowed alone with me. They do not want to take any chances I accidentally take a human life in my early life. Both Father and Arthur say it can change. It affects your soul and your humanity will never be the same.

My knight and blood sworn guardian, Arthur Phillippe LaQuiox, Kings Knight of Order Luna Fleur gave me this journal last evening during the celebration of my upcoming siring. It is tradition for those of my family to spend their last day prior to siring chronicling their life events. It is called a journal de mort and every King, Dauphine, Prince, and Princess of the Fleur Realm writes on the last day of their human life and then continues the journal after their live through their ascension.  Arthur was given the task of gifting it to me last evening during my sixteenth natal day celebration. Father chose him because our bond is remarkably close. He has been with me since infancy and takes his blood oath seriously.   

Many things are on the verge of changing. My days, up until this time, have been filled with quiet study, teas, long walks, strolling through the villages, drawing, archery and etiquette lessons. My nights spent playing games with Marie, needlepoint, sewing a new dress or reading quietly and only a few brief glimpses at the mystery. But soon I will be able to delve within the mystery that has been kept hidden in the depths of the night.  Except for controlled events where Iso and I were paraded around like living dolls for the dignitaries and other noteworthy beings I have not experienced much of vampyre life. We were to remain as innocent as possible until after the siring. Our lives were kept in seclusion, as Father was always afraid someone was plotting to kidnap us. He would allow a few of his closest allies to spend time with us while they visited. They have allowed me the best glimpse of what my life is fixing to become. 

I am to be sired by King Renate Udolf Twyford Clovis Lothar Demonte of the Fleur Realm Grand Duke to the Alliance of the Eventide. Those in his close inner circles call him Renee. Though he is not of my ancestral blood, he has always treated me as such and soon we will share a sanguine bond like no other.

Father has always been caring and gentle with Iso and me. He takes time each evening, for as long as my memory goes back, to come and spend some time with us.  He would share exciting stories of the ages that came before and the legendary beings who fought dragons, slayed demons, saved the princess and sacrificed their lives. Whenever he travels abroad for urgent global matters or social obligations, he would return with gifts of trinkets, dolls, and dresses from Realms all over the world. My most treasured gift is a Sapphire Dragon egg jewelry box that he brought back from the Emu Realm when I was six. It is covered with intricate ivory filigree and inlaid in the filigree are seventy-three dainty rainbow jewels. On the top is a sizable violet princess cut alexandrite gem. Father brought one home for Iso that was slightly similar, only hers was an onyx dragon egg that hangs from a golden tree and the filigree was made with ivory. 

Iso use to leave me secret messages in mine and I in hers. Most of the messages are silly little pictures, though looking back at them, I think she was trying to tell me something, though I cannot decipher the drawings. I study them each night before bed. Iso was unable to take her egg with her, so one morning after she left I snuck in and took it. I keep them together on my mantel. I still add tiny notes occasionally; in the hopes one day she will be able to read them. 

*************************************************

When I become a Dauphine, I will rule as Father does, making all those below me not even aware when I command them to do my bidding, and they will follow my every bidding without complaint. I hope to learn how Father could let his hair down around those other would consider beneath a powerful King as himself and have them accept him as one of their own. 

I have seen assassins, knights, soldiers, beasts, monsters, kings and Dauphines, try to get the upper hand, attempt to take what they thought could be easily acquired. Each one failed to see what was hidden behind his caring and ebullient eyes; which is his strength, his fortitude, both of which is equal to his valor.  He has proved time and again his willingness to protect his children and realm to any extreme. When I was four, Iso and I were traveling to the Thyme Sage Gardens Island for winter Solstice. We were to arrive early to help plan the parties. Even at four I knew the best napkins to use for which occasion. When our carriage was attacked by a giant one eyed beast, who is tail was so long it wrapped around the carriage with ease. Iso and I clung to each other, watching out our open window. 

The beast blends into the darkness leaving just an outline in the sky. The screams of our knights, as the beast attacks them one by one. Arthur is trying to escape the carriage, but the beasts tail is holds the door tight. “He wants to save the tastiest morsels for last” I hear Arthur whisper. The next few moments became fuzzy as the carriage is flip, turned upside down, and as I was told later, Father arrived and yanked the beast away. The sounds of battle filled me ears as I clung to Iso in fear that this would be the end of our short life, we hear the howling of the beast’s heart being ripping out of its chest. The door is ripped off and there is Father, our protector and savior, lifting us up and out with ease. It is the first time I smelled blood and saw it as something not scary. Father was covered in the beast’s life force. Yet in his arms, in that moment I felt the safest I had my whole life. I knew he would always be there to protect me and he has since that day never allowed any harm to come to me.

He is a remarkable king and has ruled the Fleur Realm since 986AD. He was crowned after King Marcellus Martin Remus was beheaded for poisoning Dauphine Constantine. With all my years of studying the various lineages and histories of each Realm, I begin to wonder if I too will one day be but a few smudges on a piece of paper.  Will I become a brief story to tell, like King Rolland? In our history books, No one knows what happened to him after the death of Dauphine Fleur during the Anarch War of 948. Some say he walked into the sunlight, slowly turning to ash, while others believe he still roams the lands, living eternally in solitude. I like to consider he slaughtered the men who raped his Dauphine then walked into the sunlight to be with her forever in the Umbra. Will I become but a few pages with no ending as well? 

*******************************************

Curiosity got the better of me a few days ago, when I snuck away, to take a peek at the throne room where they had begun to set up for my siring. This is where my life will conclude and then begin anew. I needed to prepare myself, to see what awaited so that I would not be afraid of the unknown.  The room has no windows and with it empty of bodies, it has a cold stark feel. There are only a few torches lit around the vast space that it is hard to make out much, except the cold hard slab of a stone, where many had been sired before me. I can hear whispers in the silence, assuring me to not be afraid. 

I run my fingers over the runes carved into the slab of stone. I was unable to make out what they say, though I did recognize some of it to be written in the antediluvian language of Enochian. The runes are faded from centuries of rituals. Some more visible than others. Arthur told me before I saw them, that they provide protection and aid in the transition ritual.   On the right side of the stone is a small divet in the stone. Here the stone is stained a dark red. I cannot feel the dried blood. It is as if the stone absorbed the blood. My blood will be added to this blood eating stone. 

I hastily leave the room and run back to the safety of my bed.  I do not think seeing the room helped my nerves much. I have felt anxious since that moment. I have had a few nightmares of the stone growing teeth and devouring me whole. Arthur says there is always some blood spilled during the ritual but if I do not resist, it will be painless and I will just drift to sleep. That he himself has witnessed the ceremony several times and never has it grown teeth and eaten anyone. But he tells me that when I wake tomorrow evening, I will metamorphosis; I will be stronger, faster, more perceptive. He says my emotions will come in giant spiraling waves during the first few days but will even out after and leave me in a higher state of being. I am ready. I want for the fire to consume me; to unlock all the secrets I hold in my long forgotten memories.

It is the secrets to my identity that has kept me held back. From the time I could form sentences I began asking questions of why and how we came to be here to live with these creatures of the night. Who is our human family and why do we not live with them? Arthurs tells me an identical story each time, and omits the same key information each and every time. 

My human mother, Dauphine Isabella of Hainault, Dauphine Consort of France was a sweet, kindhearted, passionate young woman. She was ten when she married my human father, King Phillipe Augustus of France, of House Capet. She was loved by her subjects and always showed compassion to those below her, but things with Phillipe were difficult during the early years of their marriage. She had a difficult time conceiving an heir. Tensions built to a near explosive point, when called upon Arthur to mediate things. At this time, he was the liaison between the human nation of France and the Fleur Realm. He does not go into much detail on what he did, just that he was able to advise them to find the love that lived within their hearts. He said it just needed to be unlocked. Two months after Arthur visited, Isabella was with child and her bond with King Phillipe flourished. She was a flawless queen mother to Prince Louis. It is rumored that his lion heart comes from her. She spent time among the peasants, getting her hands dirty in the soil with the farmers. Arthur tells me she had a quick wit and was always smiling. She would tell him stories concerning her limited life before becoming queen. Arthur was an ally she would call upon for counsel routinely during her last five years. She came to Fleur Castle once to meet with Father, while he and King Phillipe discuss matters pertaining to the country. 

In August of 1189, Dauphine Isabella became pregnant with Iso and I. It was a troublesome pregnancy from the start. She had to take to bed during her fifth month and King Phillipe stayed by her side through much of the upcoming three months. In Mid-March of 1190 she progressed into labor and began losing blood rapidly after I was birthed.  Isobel was expelled in a river of fluids. It took many baths to clean her. Isabella gave her last breaths as the plasma flowed from her freely. Isobel use to whisper to me that it meant she was cursed. I tried to deny this but she was adamant, saying that she heard Arthur and Father talking about it one day. She feels it is why King Phillipe gave us up rather easily, he didn’t want the curse tarnishing his lineage. Iso was fond of saying “Has France not flourished since he gave us up?”

Arthur always told me that he was quite grief stricken over his queen’s death that just two days after our birth, He was able to sway the king with the promise of fortune, power and a legacy for my human brother, Prince Louis the VII, and was convinced to fake our death and tell the world on this day he lost his twin sons. King Phillip agreed and Arthur escaped through the cover of night. 

During the travel back to the castle, just as the sun was cresting over the horizon they were attacked by shadow wolves. They were trying to take us, or kill us… 

He was protecting me and with his skill and fortitude, he was able to keep me safe but with a mere scratch on my cheek The third man on Arthur’s team was the first to be attacked and had to be left for dead. Edward, Arthur's brother in arms, had Isobel and they were maimed with barbarian cruelty. One of the wolves got a hold of his arm and tore it clean off. Another devoured his foot, while slicing Isobel deep across her left eye.  Arthur flings Edward and Iso over his horse and is able to flee into the castle gates. Our castle archers took out the remaining wolves.

The house mages tried desperately to heal Isobel’s eye but all of the magiks they tried, seemed to be absorbed into nothingness. Her eye was a black hole, which some theorized is a doorway into the Umbra. Sometimes when she would get angry, black veins would begin to spread outward from her eye. I never saw her do anything beyond that, but I think she was hiding her growing power from me, before she was banished. 

The mages only able to partially heal Edward. His arm never was able to regenerate, but most of his foot grew back. He needed the aid of a cane after. He was reassigned to the Fleur Library and became a researcher. He would assist me with my studies, when I would visit. He could always find the scroll I needed.

Due to Edwards tutelage, I have become thoroughly proficient with the knowledge of every King, Queen, Lord, Lady and Duke's titles, rank, lineage and written details with respect to their lives. Arthur thinks this is useless knowledge to have. It is why we have librarians and libraries for, but I have often been able to impress thousand-year-old beings with anecdote in connection with something that happened centuries prior and spark a flurry of memories for them. I was paraded around the banquets and festivals, curtsying, flashing a coy smile, impressing them with my knowledge of their lands and culture. Isobel would attend only out of obligation and Father’s demands

Iso would rather slink and hide in the shadows, than play and play a role in the castle life as I did. She would tell me her concerns with the experiments they would do to activate her eye. Occasionally, I feel she made it up, as it just sounded too horrible. We do not live with monsters. I know they drink human blood and can kill and some do, but many, like father and those in the Fleur Realm, wish to protect humanity from those who wish to smite it. She would tell me how the mages would strap her modest body down to a table. They would use these clamps to hold her dark eye gaping, her eyelids rolled back, held opened and drop herbs, potions, and on occasion use corrosives into her eye, trying to activate the darkness. They theorized that it was a portal into the Umbra but they never could figure it out thus they eventually gave up. I heard whispers around the castle that they were waiting until she matured and allow it to happen naturally. 

I never saw her be able to do anything with her scary eye. When we were alone she would remove her eye patch and not be worried I would be scarred. It is a strange thing to behold. Her eye socket is a black inky pool. You can almost see an eye, under the inky black, looking out at you, following you. Then she blinks and it is a black pool of nothingness, again.  I touched it once. Only once. I couldn’t bear to cause Iso such pain and that’s all it did. She said my finger felt like a dagger being slowly inserted into her eyeball. It felt spongey though, indenting to my touch. 

There is one thing I know she lied about, there is no way Arthur would allow us to be harmed. He swore a blood oath to protect us and his loyalty would never allow him to break that oath. She claims he used to be the one to take her to the mages and then he would stand there and watch while they did these horrible things to her.  She claimed he would stand with his steely gaze directed at her, never questioning the horrible things the mages would try. She even said a few times he would lend a hand in holding her down when she would fight against them. I can never believe Arthur would stand by and watch while we were suffering. 

No matter what his orders would have been....

*************************************

Drusilla, my elegant silky black cat. She keeps herself flawlessly groomed from spending hours cleaning herself. She was named for Livia Drusilla, the wife of Tiberius Claudius Nero Augustus. Edward would tell me stories of her during our history lessons. Livia did not allow the trappings of power and status to rule her life, but she did whatever it took to keep her status, always with elegance and grace. She had a crown of ebony hair that was her crowning jewel until the day she died. 

She was a gift from Queen Sophia of the Zelophehad Nation on our eleventh natal day . Isobel was gifted a young gleaming obsidian raven, Graeae. He was charming, in his own way, but also fairly eerie, just as his name sake. Iso was fascinated with the later version of the Graeae witches of Greek mythology. They were beautiful one eye witches who were always unfairly misjudged. I now see why she felt so connected to him. 

 I never felt comfortable around him. It was like he was always watching me when we were in a room together and Drusilla would chase after and attack him whenever she could. It drove a wedge between Iso and I. She immediately became overly attached to Graeae, I would see her often talking with him in the shadows, but when I would try to join them, and she would stop awkwardly and get away as soon as they could. Iso was slipping away and I had no idea how to stop it from happening. Graeae disappeared just before she was exiled. I had not given him a thought until just now. I wonder what happened to that eerie black bird. Perhaps he met up with Iso, wherever she may lie her head at night.

*****************************************

Just after our twelfth natal day celebration, Iso was banished for her mysterious yet horrific crimes. We had returned to our rooms for the evening. It had been a spectacular evening of revelry and celebration. We were blossoming into women and it was the year father began to introduce us to more of his society and peers. There were many dignitaries and royal families staying with us through the weekend. Iso was miserable. She hid within the shadows and refused to speak with most anyone. It was the downfall of the evening for me. I wish just once she would have gotten over herself and just learn to enjoy herself. Father became fed up and allowed her to leave the party early so she would not spoil the atmosphere.

It was a wonderful celebration, yet I could not contain my sadness over Iso missing the party. We were supposed to experience these things together. I had to know what was wrong, so after preparing for bed, I left to go to her room. The poorly lit hallway had me fearful of the shadows the lurked around the corners, but I was determined to check on Iso. I reach her door and I almost walk right in. But then I remembered her plea for privacy and to knock before entering. So I reluctantly rap on her door and wait for her response. There is no answer. I knock again, then pressed my ear to hopefully hear her walking towards the door. Yet still there is nothing. Where could she be? I turn to walk back to my room. I think perhaps she is in my room waiting for me.  I hear a scream echo through the hallway. It repeats over and over again. I am about to follow but Marie steps out of my room and ushers me back in. Admonishing me for disappearing. I explained my intentions, and asked if she had heard the screams but she hadn’t, told me it was probably sounds from the party drifting down the hallways. I got into bed and tried to sleep. It was that night the nightmares began. 

Arthur came to me the next morning, explaining that Iso had killed a man who tried to take her innocence. He was an important man in the Lacone Army, who are Soldiers from the Justinius Dominion. Each realm is assigned a captain and soldiers to help maintain law and order among all the allied realms. Captain Defronsac had been stationed here only a few months, but Arthur says Iso had been complaining of him following her and watching her the majority of that time, which was news to me. Isobel had not mentioned anything to me but this must have been what was wrong. I just could never understand why she would not talk to me about this. Had we really grown that far apart?

Father believes she unlocked the power in her eye to protect herself from Captain Defronsac and they HAD to send Iso away for her and my protection. They had his body incinerated in order for no further clues to be gained through foresight. Then sent word to the Lacone that he had gone missing during a garou hunt and when they came to search for him all they found was some equipment in the woods nearby. Iso’s disappearance was blamed on her eye. They spread stories around the nations that the darkness finally consumed her and for the safety of those involved she was sent away to learn how to control it. 

I wonder how Isobel will live out her human life; we were both supposed to take this journey together. I find it cruel to be separated from her day after day, knowing she is out there somewhere. I know she is still a live, I can feel it. I just hope she is safe and at peace and not suffering. Arthur is forever telling me it is for the best, but if only they had let us say farewell, perhaps I would not mourn her loss so much. 

I lost a piece of myself when she left. As much as we had been drifting apart, I still knew she was right down the hall. We still saw each other each day, even if she was more aloof than usual. For the first few months, I refused to leave my room. I felt if I left than I could no longer pretend she was just down the hall. 

Father gave orders for Max and Arthur to take me to the garden island and I was to stay until I finally found my light again. I rarely have traveled outside of the castle gates. The only time I have seen the world beyond, is to travel to the Thyme Sage Gardens roughly two hours north of here. The only way onto the island is by a mystically navigated boat through the North Chanel.  It is my favorite place to go, to escape the mundaneness of the castle.  It is dark around the castle most of the days are saturated in shadows.  Father gave us the island as an escape from the twilight of the castle. He wanted for us to feel the sunshine on our faces while listening to the waves lap slowly on the shore. It was where he was raised and he wished for much of the same for my twin sister, Iso and I as possible.  We would chase the morning birds through the gardens, play hide and seek all day long, or scavenge the island for old artifacts and remnants from father’s young life here. During the winters we would chase the dogs through the snow drifts or build the castles of our dreams.  

For the first week I walked around in a whirling fog of memories. I saw the ghosts of our childhood playing in the garden’s in the hallways, whispering in bed late into the night. Each direction I fled, to try and escape, lead me to memories of her. Just under the primary stairwell is this alcove where we would hide from Arthur or our ladies during hide and seek. The memories provoked the tears to flow until I was completely dry. Finally, under the advice from Arthur, I stopped running from my memories and just embrace them. When I did this, after a time I was able to find peace with the loss. It was the first time I stopped missing Iso for months, I unknowingly allowed myself happiness and let go of my concerns for her… for a bit, at least.


 In the months and years since Iso has been gone, Marie has taken her place as my sister and true bosom friend. She was always there to dry my tears, go with walks on, tell me which dresses look the best and will deliver the best impression. Marie is the one who was able to partially replenish the hole Iso left in my heart.  Her brief childhood was morbid and grief-stricken. Her mother was a prostitute in Marseille, the oldest city in the south of France. She died during childbirth, so Marie was placed in the church orphanage and became a ward of the state. There she was tortured, raped, abused and forced to work from sunrise until sunset from as young as she can remember. When she was sixteen, she was forced out onto the streets and struggled for 2 years to live. She refuses to talk about that time, which to me means it was worse than the orphanage. 

One spring night in 1190 she was sleeping under the stars in a field just outside the town. It was the first warm evening of the season and all she could hear was the sound of the larks singing to each other. Not long after she found a comfortable spot against the tallest oak tree, a carriage driving by broke its axle. Marie overheard the driver cursing their luck, so she peers out at them, seeing the royal carriage stuck in the middle of the road. After it was obvious they were not going anywhere, she cautiously makes her way over to see if she could be of help. One of her jobs at the orphanage was to repair the carriages. She was able to fix their axle with a new log. It took a few hours but she was able to get them on their way. Father was so impressed by her skill and ingenuity, he offered her a place at Fleur Castle caring for one of his new baby girls. She agreed and has been with me since. She is the one who taught me how to sew and embroider. I am beginning to exceed her abilities, but she is a true genius at sculpting. She makes the masks for our celebrations. They are true works of art. 

**********************************************************

Arthur the yang to Marie’s yin when it comes to caring for me. He has become my rock; despite his aloofness, he is one of the only beings whom I can trust fully. When I am sad, or begin to miss Isobel, he always knows how to bring me back, specifically how to bring a smile to my face. He can be thoroughly goofy occasionally, which you would never guess from looking at him. His flawless blonde hair shimmers in the moonlight. His cerulean blue eyes, with specks of gold, a spark of mystery yet you know you can fully trust him. His chiseled nose and chin tells you he is tough. I have seen the burliest of Jinn punch him square in the jaw and he not flinch. 

He has a role in the elite Kings Guard of the Fleur Realm. He was brought in as a human guard when he was just nineteen years old. He was assigned to guard Father during the day after King Louis the VII of France recommended him. He was a skilled sword fighter and mastery in strategy. He was sired after protecting Father from an assassin from the Ramla Realm. As comes with the duty of being King, Father has made several enemies and Arthur, at the time a mere human saved him.

In preparing me for tonight, Arthur told me the story of his siring.  

(Do in traditional comic book panel style) Include the attack on the king. 1 assassin from the Ramla(Sand) After the attack on f, he was brought to the throne room. Father led him to the queen’s throne adjoining his.
 “How can I repay you, my young knight? I owe you my life, please name your price....” he asked.
“I would like to become your prince and aid you in ruling this Realm.” Arthur said this brazenly and with much confidence.
King Renee studies him for a bit. “Sir Arthur... While you deserve to be sired for your bravery and servitude, princedom is not where you belong. You are meant for something much more exceptional. You are a Guardian by nature. You proved this, tonight. I do believe you are destined for my Elite Kings Guard. 
“Though, in Order to even be considered for this position you must be sired by my Margrave, Lady Mallory Anne Laquoia. She is a tough old virago. She has served each King that has ruled this Realm and that was after centuries of touring many of the other Realms. No one knows her true age, but I know she has a millennium on me. Do you trust my judgment? Will you serve in my Elite Guard?”
What was Arthur to say but yes. Lady Sofia was summoned immediately. She arrived with flare and flourish, Arthur felt her presence permeate the room immediately. Father huriedly explains his request. 
Lady Sofia looks Arthur over, sizing him up. When she is satisfied with what she saw, she proceeded with the ritual without a word.

There it is, there is Arthur’s Knock…   
That means it is time….   
Deep breaths...    
Remain calm....

 


Twenty-Fifth of May, 1208
Fleur Castle



I can sense the sanguis flowing through my veins… 
Spilling into my soul…  
Driving me to new heights 
Allowing me to see each being’s fluctuating auras…   
Feel their emotions… 
Hear the quiver of each and every heart when it is near….  
The blood coursing through their veins, making their hearts beat wholly enticingly. 
The scent begins to make my mouth water...   

When the thirst comes over… I lose control instantly. I can ponder nothing but slating my thirst. It invades my mind with thoughts of the thick, warm and silky fluid flowing down my throat with the euphoria that will come the moment I sink my teeth deep into their neck. The longer I try to wait the narrower my thoughts become. No matter how I try to distract my thoughts, my sights narrow in on the nearest throbbing vein, calling for me to drink it lustily. I begin to stalk the person, my only thoughts are on the warm rush of fluid flowing down my throat. Try as I might to shake the feeling, but nothing I can do will make it stop until I feed. 

Arthur is training me on how to control the urge, how to calm myself and eventually he says I will be able to distract my thoughts, I will be able to resist the urge until I am able to slate my thirst safely. He says it takes years of training, and that even he slips up occasionally, but it does get easier with age. 

He has instructed Marie to always be close by with a cup of fresh blood for me to drink. If she does not have a cup readily available, then she presents her neck for me to drink from directly. However, the taste of the sanguine fluid is…  UTTERLY DISGUSTING!!!! It tastes like sour vassel wine. Arthur tells me I will get used to the taste eventually. He explained each human tastes vary slightly on their breeding and diets and that I should taste a variety of humans until I find the one type who best suits my pallet. For now, I intend to drink directly from a direct source only in rare emergencies. There are teas and ways to blend the blood into human food in order for our kind to be able to gain nutrients. 

Father tells me our bloodline allows us the gift of not having to regurgitate any of the food we consume after a meal. I feel blessed that I can have new and appealing ways of feeding without ever drinking from a human. The only downside is that I apparently do not gain as much strength as if I drank from the source. But I will be able to enjoy delicacies of chocolate and cream, where, many could not. What need do I have for strength. My life is in the courts and among the highborn. I am not a warrior. I shall never need to wield more than a bow. In a battle, I will be ranged support and an Archer does not use brute force. It is more related to nimbleness and precision.  My other talents and abilities will be better suited to ease tensions before the battle even begins. 
 
The last fortnight has been spent schooling me on how to retune my senses to adapt to the darkness and develop my new abilities. One of these new abilities I gained is the ability to see the color shifts of people’s auras. It is a glorious way to view the world. Each being has one that is exclusive to them and it fluctuates with your moods and emotions.  Father says with age, comes the ability to control what and how you see it. You learn how to turn it off and on and how to delve deeper into someone’s hidden emotions and desires. A being’s aura is singular to them. It is as unique to a being as the blood that flows through their veins. I am learning how to interpret the ripples and swells; the flowing shades of color. 

I train on Arthur the most, he is customarily a smooth stream, the color of a clear summer sky, but when he lies it begins to ripple and darken to a greenish ocean blue.  He is aware I can see the shift, which means he is careful with each word he says and the tone he uses. His lineage does not allow him access to this gift which means he is unaware how it legitimately works. No matter how even your tone is… how carefully you choose your words, your aura still shifts. However, I have a horrible poker face hence he can tell instantly. This means he will then avoid me for several hours, assuming I might forget his lie... I am trying to learn how to keep my composure, therefore I would be able to read people without them being aware. Father is fantastic at concealing his tells... He told me this comes with focus and practice. I am genuinely beginning to hate that phrase. 
 
My eldest vampryic brother, Prince Maximillian, finds this ability to be a waste of time. In three hundred years, he would rather spend his days practicing the artistry of dance. Max’s body always expresses the feeling that he is always gracefully in motion. When we were young girls, he would sneak us off to the main hall and dance us around the room. He taught us how to walk with grace and ease and we enjoyed watching him twist and contort his body into a fluidic whirl of motion.  His long lean frame provides an excellent backdrop to his muscular shoulders. Max’s dark chiseled features and his copper eyes easily melt most lady’s hearts. He is always able to find a elegant accomplice waiting to be pulled into the stories he tells through his movements. 

As a young man of twelve, Max was traveling with a group of children orphaned in the Luna Realm. They were coming as a gift for Dauphine Isolde, in honor of her new union to Father. On the last night of their travel, their carriage wheel broke and they were stranded in the Penumbra woods. Father was given notice, he and a limited attack party immediately left in an attempt to protect the children. The garous that live in these woods are known to be utterly monstrous and regularly attacking caravans that travel through their territory. By the time Father arrived, it was horrific. The children were ripped to pieces, heads lying dozens of hand lengths from their shredded bodies. As Father stepped around the bowels of several children that lay in heaps on the ground, he sees the sinewy bodies of these young children strewn throughout the modest clearing, and it brings a tear to his eye. 

As he makes his way through the broken bodies Father heard a slight noise and then was able to focus on a slowing heartbeat. He searched and found a thin, scraggily looking dark haired boy lying, face down barely conscience buried beneath a few of the bodies. 

As Father lifted him up, Max’s arms gave way and another child falls from his arms.  Father began to heal him with his blood. He began to come around and his wounds slowly healing. Father brought him back to the castle where he continued his recovery. Father made sure to spread the news among the humans that all the children had perished. It took him a few days to fully recover. In that time, Dauphine Isolde had grown positively fond of him. She spent hours at his bedside tending to his every need. They formed a close bond from that day forward and she groomed him into an obedient prince, Lord Maximillian Caderyn Domitius Vitus Demonte Crowned Regent Prince of the Fleur Realm. Dauphine Isolde made a demand that Max be accorded a royal name and title before he was sired. He had several more years until he was of siring age and she did not want anyone else coming in and taking his position away.  He is one of a select few in all of our written history, to be granted this honor.  
 
Max was provided a mentor, Lord Reginald Charbonnier, just after he arrived in the kingdom.  He trained Max in many forms of sword fighting. He was never able to keep Max’s attention for long. The only time Max seemed intrigued, was when Reginald would teach him how to include it more in dance and grace to the routines. This is where Max discovered he could tell stories with the movements of his body. Though dancing is not something a Prince can claim as a skill to boast, he was repeatedly reminded. He should gain expertise in leadership, intimidation, strategies and mastering his sanguine abilities. After his siring, he was sent to the Draconian Realm for a century, to train him in the ancient bloodline secrets. When he returned, the young boy who loved to dance was suppressed and hidden away except when he knew it was safe.

 Father sent him to England when I was twelve to improve the relations among our Realms. The human nations had been battling for some time and this is causing tensions among our Realms.  Max and I write each other often. He was the one who assisteded me most through Isobel’s banishment. His words of encouragement kept me going, to know I was not alone and he would always be there for me. He returns tonight, just for my coronation. Marie told me he is bring a lady home with him to be his future princess. I am excited to meet her. She must be a special being too have gained Max’s admiration.  
 
**********************************








Twenty-Fifth of May, 1206 
Thymesage Gardens                      
Half a night’s travel  
Northwest of Fleur Castle 
 
Tonight begins my coronation festival. We are at my favorite spot, The Thymesage Gardens. It is a brisk half night’s travel from Fleur Castle. Arthur or Father use to take Iso and me here to play when we were young. Father was deliberate to arrange this festival here. There is a modest Chateau here where our most prestigious guests will stay and our other guests each have their own opulent tents spread throughout the outer gardens. 

Celebrations will commence tonight at sunset and will last for the upcoming five nights. Many of the royal families from various Realms have traveled here for this occasion. Our allied Realms, whom could not come themselves, have sent an envoy in their stay. I was told that King Dominic and Queen Sofia of the Shadow Realm arrived last night and were settled into their private chambers. I am excited to see them again. Queen Sofia always shares the best stories that often hold some underlying meaning that I am sure one day I will understand. Last time she told me the story regarding a Brujería who knew of life and death magic. She could bring anything back from the dead with just a touch of her lips and she can kill you or it with a flick of her hand. There had not been any being who had crossed her path that could best her in a fight.  

One evening, alluring and virginal looking man rode up to her on his unicorn and challenged her to a duel. Should she win, his life would be in her hand. However, if she lost, she must bestow upon him a kiss. A kiss that would seal her fate to be his queen until the minute he takes his last breath. She was arrogant and accepted his challenge. With a conceited flick of her wrist she attempted to send him into extinction, but her power had no effect over him. He continued slowly towards her, sword drawn and pointed towards her throat. She began to panic; shaking her hand after each attempt, she could not conceive why she had no effect on him. She began to back up, as panic surged through her eyes. She continued until her back pressed against a deformed tree trunk. His slow stride finally brings him close enough to press the tip of his sword to her throat, no one had ever managed to get their sword drawn from its sheath… she had no choice but to surrender. He lowered his sword and pulled her close. She held up her side of the bargain and began to kiss him deeply. It was the most passionate kiss either had ever experienced. As she pulled away, ready to be his queen. But as her gaze turned down upon him, he began rapidly aging… shriveling into a timeworn old man at an astonishing rate. They fell to the ground as her strength was not enough to hold him up. Tears begin to well up in her eyes. With his last breath, he thanks her for releasing him from his curse and slips off to the undead plane with the memory of her kiss on his lips…  
 
It is a delightful story, but I have no idea what her point is. One day I am going to write her stories down and try to determine the meaning and lesson she was forever attempting to impart. Until then I love listening to her tell them. She is remarkably animated and lively. She reminds me some of Max’s new lady luv. I met Lady Jesica last evening after they arrived and had time to refresh themselves.

Jesica is exuberant, and bright. Her cerulean eyes sparkle with a bit of mischief. Her chestnut hair is cut rather masculine but it fits her angular features. Her body shows a power beneath the cloth she wears. She exudes strength and authority, while remaining delicate and soft. Her father is the Grand Duke of the Edmead Dominion. Their union would serve to ease tensions between our Realms and would elevate her status. 

She appears to be absolutely taken with Max and he her. I did not see his eye wander once during our dinner. In fact, they had the most romantic moment during our dinner. Father had the local troubadours brought in during the meal to play a lovely tune for us. As we swayed to the melodic tune, Max reached over and took Jesica’s hand gently to pull her to her feet. They fell in to the rhythm of the music and danced as if they were the only two people in the room. Their bodies spoke of the sensuality that flowed between them. 

They received a round of applause upon finishing. Jesica was slightly flustered but Max had no shame. Almost everyone congratulated them as they took their seats.  Dauphine Isolde eyes glowed with green envy, before joining in complimenting them. 

After dinner I wanted to show Jesica the rose gardens. Max asked Arthur joined us. Max and he grew brotherly after Arthur was brought into the castle. Naturally they begin chatting and catching up. This gave me a chance to get to know Lady Jesica more thoroughly. 
 
“How are you fairing being considerably distant from your family?”” I inquire.  
 
She pauses a moment before answering, “Being apart from my family is rather common place. My human years were spent away from my family at a school in Rome. That is where I met my sire. After he chose me and I was embraced. I was always off emissary missions or other critical Realm business; I was rarely home.”

“It was by mere accident Max and I met at all. I was sent home to retrieve an essential scroll that I had unfavorably forgotten. I was on my way back when I ran right in to this dark and mysteriously handsome stranger.” Her eyes look back at Max and her aura glows brightly with love.  
 
“He distracted me for such a significant amount of time, I almost missed my appointment.”

She paused He awakened something in me. I finished my business and refused my father’s wishes to send me on another mission. I came right back to the castle and began spending as much time as possible with Max. I sought Max out, which my Father deeply disapproved at first. 

We would spend hours during the daylight sitting by a fire in my Manors basement, talking about our lives and what it is like growing up in such strange circumstances. He is a wonderful negotiator and has done wonders to ease tensions between our Realms.”  
 
She pauses, looks around briefly then whispers excitedly “My sire, Lord Dudley, changed his mind though eventually and…” she hesitates but the excitement within her cannot be contained, as she blurts out, “I have been gifted to Max. We are here to work out the details with your father. King Alexandir Dinev and Queen Evandros Dinev will arrive the night before festivities begin. They will be staying on and under the following full moon… We are to be eternally bonded through blood.” 
 
I squealed and hug her. “We have much to arrange. I know just the gentleman to design your gowns. He is inventive, imaginative and just brilliant when it comes to designing the most flawless of gowns that are impeccably suited to your personality. “ 
 
“We must start designing it immediately after my coronation. I am overjoyed to have a new sister.” 

We continued on discussing a myriad of ideas concerning what she desires for the ceremony, guests that must be invited and she tells me more in respect to her courtship with Max. When Arthur and Max catch up to us, he admonished her for giving away their secret with such ease, but he is only dismayed with her for a second. How could he stay mad at such a sweet and stunning woman?  
 
She retired with me to my bedchambers just before sunrise and we stayed up all day discussing her upcoming ceremony, and then all of the events we were to attend over the upcoming nights. She just had to see me model my dresses.  
 
I have a different dress for each event, each more extravagant than the prior one. The first is a simple violet shift dress. It is made from the most exquisite silks, which were gifted from the emperor of the Zhang Realm. They are our only eastern allies. The Empress Daiyu Liqin Biyu Shuchun Zhang had the dress made for me by one of their master dressmakers. He has designed a dress or coat for all Fleur Realm coronation since its founding. The simplicity in the design is what provides the beauty in this dress. It fits me flawlessly, hugging my curves gracefully before flaring out to the floor. The sleeves are like giant bells that flow well past my fingertips. It is fairly light and flutters gracefully in the air when I twirl and dance around my room.  
 
The ornateness of each dress outweighs the one before. All culminating to my coronation gown. It is light gold in color. The gown is bejeweled with Amethysts, Copal, Moonstones, Pearls and Tourmaline jewels that balance exquisitely to the gowns color. I believe it totaled over one thousand gems. At least the last time I tried to count. The dress had a gradient effect, with the darkest gems on top, fading to the lightest shades wrapping around the skirt. The headdress is bejeweled with over two hundred diamonds.  The bodice has been shaped around my figure. The stiffness of the fabric provides me with a touch of cleavage.  The skirt begins to flare out from my hips then falls gracefully to just brush the floor. I have to wear several smaller skirts underneath to keep the fullness from deflating. The sleeves are fitted tightly until just below my elbow where they then flare out until just past the tips of my fingers. Gems line the hems on the bodice and skirt and create intricate floral patterns. There is a twelve-foot train that is embroidered with the Fleur Sigil in gold thread. 

I have had to spend a month practicing wearing it. It was much easier after I was embraced and I gained my vampryic strength. As a mortal, the weight of this dress was purely exhausting. After a fitting I would find ghastly bruises on my hips and ribs. They would cinch it entirely too tight, that I fainted several times, and Marie had to hold me upright in order for them to finish the fittings.

My final fitting was last night and I was pleasantly surprised by the strength I had gained. I had no trouble standing upright, and I was even able to complete my coronation bow for the first time without tipping over. This will provide with a wide array of fashion ideas. I am excited to explore them with Tymn. 

Jesica suggested that I wear my human mother’s tiara as good fortune. It was gifted to me on the night of my birth by my human father.  I have begun to feel her presence more strongly. As if she is always nearby watching with an approving eye. Each night I wear it, it will serve as a reminder of my human heritage, and feel like my mother is standing there with me.
 
I never knew my human mother. She died while giving birth to Isobel. Arthur says King Phillippe Augustus, my human father, gave us away now that he could not bear to look at Isobel and blamed her for the Queen’s death. 

Dauphine Isolde is the only mother I have ever known. There has always been this aloofness from her that I have never been able to understand.  She has remarkable beauty and grace. She hails from the Svarog Realm. It is in the north, consist of the human region known as Scandinavia. Her human years were spent as a lady of the court for King Harald Bluetooth. Her family was killed during a Viking attack when she was 17. She was away that night and returned to find her village and castle had been ransacked. King Torgeir Reiten, of the Svarog Realm arrived to try and protect the village. Finding only Isolde alive he makes her a deal. She was the reason he had come to protect this village. He had been watching her for some time. Her grace, beauty, and diplomatic skills made her enticing. She had nothing left here now and he was offering to provide her wealth, power, and security. All she had to do was leave Scandinavian with him and pretend she died in the attack as well. She would move to his keep near the Baltic Sea and be prepared for her new future, as Princess Isolde Myrgiol Finna Unna Caecila Vigdis Reiten of the Svarog Realm.  
 
When I was a young child, she would summon me to her chambers. I would sit on the stool by her vanity, watching her finish preparing for one event or the other. The smell of powers and toilet water permeate my nostrils as her ladies finish styling her hair. She would then dismiss her ladies and it was the only times I felt close to her. She would slowly run the brush through my hair, manipulating it with her fingers, creating curls out of thin air. She would lose her herself in the moment and begin telling me stories in respect to how she grew up.  

She was sired during the following full moon and then moved to the Svarog Castle near Magerøya. She spent ninety-eight years growing and learning from the royals there. She traveled on many diplomatic missions during her years there. She had worked with Father to calm tensions between our Realms. During her 115th year, she was bestowed as a gift of peace to the Fleur Realm to ease tensions. There have always been whispers of her resentment towards Father, but they have always appeared blissful together. I see how much he dotes upon her, listens to her opinions and honors them. I often hear him credit her for his strength and the beauty she brings to our Realm. She is a proper queen and I have never heard her speak out of turn towards our Realm or Father.  
 
During these occasions that I can recall how sweet and caring she was towards us, at least in those early years.  I always envied her fair porcelain skin. Her lustrous hair color that shimmers of gold. Her sharp, chiseled features are a testament to her inner strength. Her ice blue eyes do make it difficult to read her emotions but I envied her in the way any young child envies their ravishing mother. She used to tell me all styles of stories regarding what it was like to grow up in a place that was always cold. She told me it strengthens your core. It enables you to be able to handle, even the harshest of circumstance.  
 
As we got older, she stopped coming around as much and I have only seen her once since my siring. It was the night of my awakening. Everything was resplendent, jagged, effulgent, harsh, many colors swirling around everyone. Dauphine Isolde was standing at the end of my bed. She was the first one that came into focus. But her eyes were… 

I do not know how to describe it. 

They were swelled with something a kin to hate… jealousy… envy… and something else my mind cannot place. 

As Dauphine Isolde realized I was beginning to focus, she put on her mask of joy and acceptance. As each guest began to depart, she took me aside and gave me a present... 
 
“My vampryic Mother gave me this on the day I was awakened. Now I pass it on to you, my first vampryic daughter. Keep it close to your heart and it should protect you from true harm.” She turned and left hastily. 

I examine the gift. It is a lovely oval shape ice blue stone with a miniscule lily somehow trapped inside the stone.  I turn it over and peer ever rather closely. It appears the flower grew inside the stone. I feel a strange flow of protection run though my hands and up to my heart. I drop it from fright. Father picks it up and drapes it around my neck.

“This necklace is exceptionally special to Isolde. I am pleasantly surprised she gifted it to you. It is said to have come from the deepest darkest mountain range of her Realm. Many knights gave up their lives to retrieve it. It is positively one of a kind. As are you my sweet. It is time to feed.” And with that he leads me back to my bed where fresh sanguine awaited. 
 
***********************************************  

Tonight’s is La Fête de Premières. As tradition in the Fleur Realm demands, each new Royal coronation is to be celebrated for five consecutive nights. This practice began with King Rolland of Volterra, who loved celebrations and festivals. He created most of the traditions we keep true until today.  The first coronation festival was for Queen Fleur, to whom King Rolland named this Realm after. It is said he wanted to honor her Grace, Beauty, Wisdom, Vitality and heart for all beings. He never liked the pomp and circum for himself, but enjoyed watching his people celebrate. He created the coronation festival to show Queen Fleur the vampryic ways and each night is a reflection of one of those traits.  
 
One spring King Rolland was surveying the lands he had recently inherited, when Fleur stumbled into his vision, bloody and weeping. He reached for her and in a flash pulled her up onto his stead, just as the garous came charging out from the tree line. It was four to one and these were odds he was not willing to chance with this particular pack of garous, whom are known to be utterly heinous. But his horse was a mighty stead and as the story goes, he outran them and back to his newly built keep before they caught up. 

He leaves Fleur in the care of his mages to try and heal her wounds. Her leg was badly mauled and she was losing fluids rapidly. He summoned his best knights to his side and with him, the nine rode back to the field, where it did not take long for the four garous to show themselves. However, they have back up as six other garous step out with them.

A gruesome battle ensued. King Rolland and his men barely had time to get off their horses before the garou leap into action. The visceral sound of bones snapping and crunching beneath the strength of the pack leader’s fist hitting Rolland in the jaw, leaves him dazed for a moment. But the moment was brief and Rolland was immediately back on his feet, sword in hand, slicing and stabbing the garou with skill and experience. He loses 2 men in the battle, though many say one was protecting King Rolland at the last second and took a fiendish clawing. This also allowed Rolland the time to get in the final killing blow.

They carry the dead back with them. Rolland rushes to Fleur, to show her that her attackers were stricken down. This gave her peace. The mages were unable to do much other than stop the bleeding. But she had lost too much blood and was finally ready to allow death to come, knowing her death had been avenged. But Rolland had become too deeply enamored with her to allow her soul leave this earth forever. He fed on the last of her sanguine fluid then fed her his. The later in the night she awoke with new strength and beauty. Her wounds had completely healed. Grateful for awakening her, she agreed to be his queen. 

On the following full moon, her celebration began. The first night was entitled La fête de premières. During this jubilous occasion, he asked the guests to provide Fleur with a genuinely singular gift that shows the guest of honor a glimpse of our society’s powers, gifts and culture.  The blood and liquor flow freely, loosening the morals of most of those attending on this night.  
 
The Masquerade on the third night is my personal favorite, though I have always been too young to attend, until now that is. Everyone must don masks and not reveal their true self to me all night. I am to spend the evening guessing each guest’s identity, through clues and mannerisms. It is altogether a fun game. If you guess their identity correctly, they must remove their mask for the rest of the night.  They tell me there is a special reward for the one who can guess all of them. It has only been completed once and that was Queen Fleur. I feel up to the challenge, finally a chance put all my years studying all the noted beings in our history to proper use.
 
It is time to finish preparing myself. Arthur soon arrive to escort me to the main tent. This is going to be a wonderful evening. 

***************************************************************





Twentieth of May, 1208 
Thymesage Gardens                      
Half a night’s travel  
Northwest of Fleur Castle 

 
I am officially Princess Lady Elizabeth Isabella Rainia Augustus Demonte of the Fleur Realm. 

The last five nights have been such a whirlwind of events. My mind is still processing everything that has happened. I guess I should start at the beginning. 
 
“Such a shame, Isobel could not be a part of all this”. Duchess Ingrid said to me. She is the first person to greet me during the inaugurate reception line.  
 
Why, yes, you horrible old hag. It is an atrocity that my twin sister had to be banished for what was an attack on her grace and be unable to share this celebration with me. The bastard deserved what she gave him and Iso was unfairly punished but I must play the game and put on my royal mask as I have been trained to do. I hate having to lie and fake my way through conversations with these horrible judgmental sanctimonious ancients, who must be bestowed respect simply by virtue that they are some of the oldest known vampires not in temporal sleep. Thus I smile and mask my condemnation for this horrible old woman and the lies slip off my tongue with practiced ease.  

“Why yes, Duchess, I mourn each day without my sister. But the darkness was consuming her. It was for the best.” I dab the diminutive tear the escapes my eye on cue. I bow as she presses the gift in my hand and moves on. 
 
Her gift was entirely unimpressive. It was nothing more than pair of violet silk handkerchiefs embroidered with my initials in silver dragon thread. It is an adequate gift, but they strongly failed in the rare category as I had already received several other pairs. But I accept it most graciously, and then move on too much more appealing gifts that spread throughout the evening.  

Most of my evening was spent in my specially made throne that will take its place in the Fleur castle throne room after my coronation. I received many gifts, it would take me too much time to catalogue them all. I gave that task to Marie, thus I was free to concentrate on the festivities at hand. I believe she is still on this task, as we speak.
 
One of my favorite gifts I received was a purple silk cloak, dyed to match my eyes. It is from Princess Sereleth of the Draconian Realm. It is made from dragon spider silk and is embroidered with over 1000 crystals and gems. The candlelight sent prisms flying through the room as I twirled over and over again. It is a flawless complement to my dress. The simplicity of my dress was accented by the ornateness of the cloak. I refused to take it off the rest of the night.  

King Jack and King Kile of the Svarog Realm performed an marvelous magical mystical medley it is rare for them to perform since taking control of the Svarog Realm during the fourth age. But for me they dusted off their instruments and performed for possibly the last time. 

They are my favorite rulers. They personally have come to all of our festivals and every holiday we have celebrated for as long as I can remember. They even come to just visit me twice during the year. Their performance was astonishing. They performed a medley of songs, enchanting the audience with an enchanting blend of high and low points. Their music is energetic and melodic. It was all together singular; all of the beings in attendance gave them a rousing applause.  
 
Even as exceptional and positvely spectacular as that performance was the most extraordinary gift of the evening came from The Mages of the Ursa Realm. They performed a ritual that allowed each vampire within the tent to be immune from the effects of sunlight for two hours. To watch the sunrise, feel the warmth on my face, was a true treat. It has been ten days since I last felt the sun warm my skin. I had no idea how much I would miss that. Night can be utterly cold. The older vampires were skeptical at first, but when the fledglings did not catch fire, they began their way out into the light. The sunlight made their eyes sparkle as the tears flow free. The warmth of sunlight cannot be described to a human. No human could ever understand how much power sunlight contains.

Though I received many gifts, which I will treasure and remember, I could never possibly keep them all, the rest will be distributed to my human goules as tokens of my appreciation for their devotion. I have a rather meager group right now. The number of vassels you are allowed is determined by your status, resources, and the number of total humans that live within your borders. These limits are set to protect the human population and to make sure we have a clean, well fed food source. It is of the utmost importance to treat them well. You must keep them well fed, clean, and feeling loved. They provide me with blood as I need it, make my clothing and accessories, as well as provide me with security during the day. Father had to limit the number of goules I was allowed, for in my current station, I only have enough resources to support 20. In comparison, Max has 112 goules tending to his every need. He has garnered his own resources from various trips and missions. This is on top of the royal stipend he receives each new moon from our royal coffers. He has received many titles and rankings through his travels and Samaritan deeds. Lady Jesica looks overwhelmed by the number of goules caring for Max. They are almost always around except when he wants his privacy in his chambers and that there is always someone waiting outside his door to meet any need he might have. They all have their own specific duties and it looks to me like Jesica feels a bit in the way. She wants take care of her luv as she did in Lorechester Castle. He was all hers and I have deduced that she misses that intimacy they shared.  
 
On the second night, Nuit de la magie du sang, I am lead out to a clearing in the garou woods and using the power of the stars we begin a spell that will bestow protection on me for the  100 years. Everyone proceeded to create a pentagram as they began chanting.   

A single atheme is passed around for each person to spill 10 drops of blood onto the earth. I am blindfolded and placed in the center of said pentagram. I receive the atheme last. I slice each of my palms open, then with one swift movement I thrust my hands into the earth. The fluid spilled by my guests began to absorb into my flesh. It is a strangely intoxicating feeling.  
 
 From this point on, no sanguine fluid is to be spilled after the completion of the spell until after my coronation. The next couple of nights are spent dry. If anyone is caught spilling, even a drop of blood, they are sent to the Tomb for one year. For some, a single year in the Tomb is no big feat and worth the risk to slate their thirst, but for most, the box is not a place anyone ever wants to see the inside of.  It is located somewhere in the southernmost region of this planet. It is a large tower with no windows or doors. The only way in or out is through a mirror in the Justininus Realm. 
 
After the spell is complete, we wander through the woods back to the castle where we spend a quiet evening in the courtyard with minstrels and dancing ladies. The Svarog Realm has provided us with performers for the evening. Their skill and grace is unmatched. They swing from the trees on long sheets of glimmering fabrics. This is a true spectacle to watch. 

I first caught a glimpse of him as we were wandering back to the castle. I was walking with Marie, as I caught him gazing at me with this piercing stare. He has deep sapphire eyes that catch the gleam of the moonlight. I could feel him watching me, but each time I looked his way he was looking in a different direction. I began to feel as mad as a hatter. I tried to get closer to him but each of my attempts was laughably thwarted. My first attempt to get closer, Father pulled me away to meet Queen Dolores from the Urus Realm. When I was properly able to pull away, I spotted him near the front talking with King Jack and I begin to make my way casually, but I feel that was my downfall as Arthur pulled me back to be introduced to the Emperor and Empress of the Zhang Realm. After a proper greeting, I tried to make my way back over, but he had disappeared into the crowd. Just as I spotted him talking with Pierre, Marie pulled me away to head back to my tent. I had to change dresses; this one had been stained in earth and blood. I caught his piercing eyes watching me, just as Marie pulls me into the tent. I ducked out one last time, but he had already disappeared again. It would not be until the following night that I would finally get the chance to speak with him.
 
*********************************************** 

The third evening began magnificently. I was doing fairly well, that by the second hour I had guessed almost everyone’s identity….  

Everyone’s except for his and oh how I tried… 

I ran through the entire lineage of all known vampires and yet I could not place him. That only left the ancients who are older than known word, but they are all supposedly in final slumber or perished in one of the ancient wars. I searched my limited knowledge but his identity continued to allude me. 

He swiftly approached me to ask me to dance. I mean yes, I was the Guest of Honor, but I could feel everyone in attendance following our every movement and for the first moment, I can recall, I felt shy. My years of social etiquette had not prepared me for this, for the way that he looked at me. The intensity in his eyes made me feel like he knew my darkest secrets without me speaking a word. There was an aura of passion flowing around him. 

I eagerly accept his offer and he gracefully leads me to the dance floor. Time was running out to guess his identity; I needed to make the best use of this moment. The guests parted way for us to take the center floor and then just stood back, as if memorized by our every movement.   
 
I immediately lost my composure and forgot everything but being in his presence.   I wish I could remember more of our first conversation.   He had me intoxicated by his manly smell and his skills at the art of dance. He swept me off my feet and had me dizzy. I honestly believe he wanted to keep me slightly dazed therefore I could not guess his identity, yet. He twirls me around and around; everyone’s faces begin to blur. I hear his words but cannot remember anything he said. Only the musicality of his voice.
 
The bells began to chime to signify the midnight hour… How had time gone by that swiftly? Had we not just begun to dance? I know I have disappointed Father. He was expecting me to be flawless tonight. I had studied earnestly; I knew all of the guest that had been invited. I turn and begin to walk away but this mysteriously handsome man sees and pulls me back in for another dance, during which he asks if I would like to walk in the gardens. “I shall reveal my identity by the light of the morning if you agree to allow me to steal the rest of your night…”  
 
I know my duty was to stay, mingle and wassail with my guests but as I looked around at it all… 

All at once, the appeal was gone. All I can hear is chatter and noise. Every interaction felt hollow somehow. It made no sense yet all I wanted was nothing more than to spend as much time as possible with this magnificent stranger, who has captivated me thus far.

I signal to Marie and let her know of my intentions. She gives me her most disapproving look then turns and as we leave I see her running over to speak with Arthur. He quietly converses with Father then hastily follows behind us… acting as my forever faithful guardian, never giving me any time alone.  
 
It was an excellent night for a stroll in the gardens. There was just a slight breeze, which kept the loose hairs that had broken away from my braid, tickling my cheek. I can only half listen to him speak. His melodic voice blending his words together into a wonderful melody. His eyes kept teasing me with this glint and gleam which only I could see. I know if Arthur saw it…. well, he would definitely not approve. He would feel that I was being too suggestive, but the mystery did not scary me and the man made me feel safe. 

He still is wearing his amber dragon mask. It is designed to mask his face and make his steely blue eyes pierce through the eyeholes and speak of his experience and mystery. As we gaze further into one another’s eyes, I see how the edge of his eyes have a firestorm circling the darkness of his pupils. The way he gazes tells me that he sees me as a woman, not as a young girl, like Arthur, Father, and most others in my life do. 
 
“Huh?” I say, startled as I had not heard his question 
 
“I was asking you of your time here as a child. Did you play out here often?” 
 
“Oh yes… Hide and seek was our favorite game.”  
 
“Our?” he asks innocently. 
 
“Umm yes… I once had a twin sister who was taken away when we were 12…”  
 
Hastily trying to change the subject, I pointed to a narrow nook inside the bushes, “That was my favorite hiding spot. You could see anyone coming in all directions… Iso always found me though…”  
 
A brief image of Iso chasing me through the gardens floats across my vision. A few tears well up in my eyes, unsure where the sadness is coming from, I attempt to cover it up with a smile, as I blink away the tears.  

“I am sorry for bringing up painful memories” he says gently offering me his handkerchief.
 
I smile gently at his thoughtfulness, dabbing my eyes then placing the handkerchief back in his gloved hand. As I do our fingers intertwine and it is as if the entire world has slipped away and all that is left is the two of us right here, holding hands. 

Without breaking his gaze, I haltingly reach up to untie his mask. He does not stop me, therefore I continue pulling on the ribbon until it slips open and the mask falls off his face. His chiseled features cut through the darkness and are illuminated by the moonlight. We stand there holding each other’s gaze until I hear the crunch of the leaves being crushed under Arthur’s boot, as he spied upon us. 
 
I jump slightly but compose myself, “Come let me show you where I use to sit and study. I fairly sure my initials can still be seen in the tree trunk.” I say as I pull him on.  
 
We made small talk about the Realm, what it was like to live my entire life in a castle. As we are walking, he reaches and plucks an orchid from its branch and places it gently behind my ear. I can feel his breath on my neck as he takes his time placing the flower. I tilt my head slightly in order for our lips graze. It sends a shiver down my spine; I swiftly take his hand and pull him along for I am afraid Arthur would see something and interrupt us. I begin rambling, referring to the festival and various people that were attending. All of the sudden I turn to him and ask  
 
“What is your name?” Brief, simple, to the point. 
 
He looked like he was almost going to let it slip, but with that damned twinkle in his eye again he  replied “It is not yet sunrise, and if you remember our original agreement was for me to reveal it to you by the light of the morning. Come let me lead you back to your chambers, there is only 90 minutes until sunrise.” He says, nonchalantly.  
 
Just as we reached my door, Arthur makes it silently clear that he was not to enter my chambers, by standing a stone’s throw away to allow us a smidgen of privacy. I tried again to get his name, and he promised he would reveal it; I just need to be patient. He kissed my cheek, his lips brushing the corner of my lips. Then he kisses my hand, his lips lingering briefly before he disappeared down the corridor.  
 
I wandered into my chambers, my mind only on the memories of the last few hours. Marie began to prepare me for bed, as I stand looking out my window, watching the colors in the sky lighten and indicate the sun will rise soon. The beauty that radiates from the rising sun is complex to compare. Arthur stands watching me, perplexed by my silence. 
 
“Were you able to ascertain his identity?”  Arthur asks after a few moments, after it was obvious I was lost in my own thoughts.  I surely just wanted him to leave in order for me to be able to spend the rest of my evening pondering every moment from tonight.  

“No, he might have, if you did not feel the need to hover and protect me so much…“ I say accusingly,    “How am I ever supposed to experience romance with you around?”  
 
“One day you will meet another being, who will capture your heart, mind and soul and when you are eternally bound, I will be released from my guardianship…”  I cannot imagine Arthur never being nearby, “but until that day I will protect you as I have been blood sworn to do.  I regret hovering as you claim, but King Renee wanted that information as speedily as possible…” 
 
“Wait… Father did not invite him?  Whose guest was he then?”  I interrupt.  
 
“He appears to have been an uninvited guest, though some rumors that he is a Lord from the Draconian Realm.  Though this is not yet been verified. It was thought best not to create a scene at your festival, thus King Renee allowed it to continue, until he or I felt your safety was in jeopardy. You spent most of the evening together. What did you speak of?” 
 
I paused trying to figure out how to word this gracefully. 
 
“I honestly could not tell you. I was not paying much attention to his words, just the melodic sound it made….” 

“What?” after seeing the look on Arthur’s face. 

”Hmmmm, well he mostly asked with regards me. Iso came up a few times but he was an absolute gentleman to steer clear of a subject that upsets me. Unlike other men I know... Mostly we talked about my childhood, growing up in the castle and what plans I had for my future…”  
 
Pierre, my personal foot solider interrupts, “I am sorry for interrupting Princess, but Sir Arthur is needed in the throne room forthwith.”  
 
“Inform the king, I shall be right there.”  
 
“Of course, Sir.” 

As he turns to leave, I catch sight of Pierre dropping a note into my vase beside the door. Arthur stays and tries to gather more information in regards to my mystery man, but I convince him that I sensed the urgency from Pierre and that he should undoubtedly hurry to see Father.  I am afraid he saw Pierre drop the note, as he tries to delay further but he finally takes the hint and leaves. I close the door slowly behind him before I reach into the vase and withdraw a tiny folded parchment;  
 
Tonight, 
 Meet me where our eyes first gazed upon each other and I will reveal my name to you at the light of the morning sky.
Your unmasked paramour 

Marie glances at me suspiciously, I immediately crumpled the note and walk to the fire place, casually tossing it in before it can be found by snooping eyes. I pretend to be extremely tired and ready myself for bed. Marie retires to her chambers, still suspicious bur ever obedient and as soon as I hear the door latch, I hop out of bed and rush to the window. I have a scant amount of sand left in my hourglass indicating the bells will soon chime for sunrise. Can I make it? Do I dare try? Isobel would go, she loved taking risks. I look out my window. I am on the second floor of the chateau, but I am fairly certain I can make the drop easily. I climb up on the ledge; take one last deep breath, then step out. 

I hit the ground with the grace of a hippo, but I am out and seemingly unnoticed. It is tranquil and quiet this time of the early morning. But I am wasting time. I gather up my night dress, the pear around to gather my bearings as I begin to move quietly through the gardens. It is time for the changing of the guards, therefore I am able to easily slip across the grounds undetected. As I approach the forest clearing, I can see his form standing in the darkness. I look back to make sure I have not been seen, and realize I can feel the suns imminent approach.  
 
“I was uncertain if you would accept my offer,” I hear his voice confidently in a loud whisper as he approaches from the dimness of the forest. 

“I was not sure I would either, but I took a cue from my sister, thus here I am. Please tell me your name, in order for me to make it back to my room before the sun rises and it produces a nasty burn.” I look deep in his eyes and catch a flash of a smile form on his lips. 
 
“You do not appear worried that the sun will soon be rising, do you have a secret you could share with me in order that I may avoid the nasty burn of the sun here in a few minutes?” I was just beginning to realize I had not left myself enough time to get back to my room before sunrise. 
 
“I have many secrets, most you will never know, however, yes. Take my hand.” He reaches his hand for me to take. As I entwine my fingers with his before I can begin to regret coming out here without anyone knowing, the world begins to melt away as he continues, “And I will show you my secret power against the harmful rays of sunlight”  

As he finished speaking, we were standing back in my bed chambers. I grew rather dizzy and collapsed into his sturdy, protective embrace. He laid me gently on my bed, kissed my lips ever so gently. As he tried to pull away, my arms entangled his neck and pulled him closer. He wrapped his muscular arms around my body, kissing me with a strength I had never felt before. As I lie beneath him, he can sense my hesitation. He pulls away gently, looking for my approval. I stare deeply into his eyes and search his soul. Seeing the purity that lies deep within his aura, I nod and he felt all my hesitation melt away.  
 
His fingers untie my nightdress and slowly slips it down my torso. I feel tiny kisses all over my torso, setting my soul aflame. His clothes just seem to disappear, as I peer through the slits of my eyes to see his exquisite physique glimmering in the candle light. The passion I had dreamed of and craved was right before me. He grabs my hips with force; I can feel the control over the power he has. The pleasure is overwhelming, as he maneuvers us around the bed with skill and grace, making each peak of bliss even more intense. I do not know how we did not bring anyone to my door, as I know I could not contain my gratification.
  
When I am able to bring him to a final pleasure, he whispers in my ear, “My name is Godfrey, Godfrey of Bouillon.” He does not speak any other words and slips away into the daylight. My eyes fall closed and I sleep peacefully until just briefly before sunset when Marie awakens me. Was it a dream? My head feels foggy, but I can still feel his touch on my skin. It is not until I brush the inside of my breast while I am bathing that I feel and then see a bite on the underside of my right breast. Even though it still resembles a dream, it is breathtaking to know it was real. I cannot wait to see him again tonight. I hurry to dressed and get over to the main tent… 
 
***********************************************
 
I spent most of my time over the last two evenings glancing around for Godfrey. I was too distracted to enjoy or remember much of these final two evenings.  But I know the events went off without a hitch and now I am the crowned Princess of the Fleur Realm. During Nuit de l'Artisanat, players sign up to compete for a variety of titles for mastery in archery, fencing, spell magik and many others. Any skills you want to showcase to the other Realms. This is crucial to bringing in revenue to the Realm as it allows the other Realms to see what you have to offer in goods and services. The Fleur Realm has masters in armory, dress making, long bow archery, and blacksmithing.  

My favorite competition is the Master Dressmaker competition. Our own Lord Tymn Guinne has won every competition for several decades. His dresses are works of art. I was his model for the night. His creation was the ideal blend of innocence and a shadow of the woman I will become. Its panels floated around me as I moved, the gems creating a sparkly silhouette on the light gold material. He took inspiration from the childhood story Father would tell me conerning Eleanor and Caine.  
 
Tymn is also the one who created my coronation gown and headdress. The entire ceremony went off like poetry. I kept my balance, not wavering once. After I was crowned, I was ushered off to a private sanguine bonding ceremony. This bonds my blood with Fathers and Dauphine Isolde. This creates a bond that means no matter where I may be, they will always know where I am.  The ceremony is in the cramped chapel room and takes place over a humble wooden altar. It has many ancient carvings in it. Each of us slit open our left wrist with a special runic atheme into the goblet. Then we each drink from the cup, first Father, then Dauphine Isolde, then myself. The ceremony is brief and afterwards we enjoy a large feast in the primary throne room. The moratorium on feeding has been lifted and many of our guests began to get a snippet too carried away. They had to remove the royal vassels before things got too crazy and they were drained heedlessly. It was spirited occasion. The party began to wind down as the hour approached closer to sunrise. I had a spot too much to drink and needed Marie’s steady hand to aid me back to my chambers. A man bumped into us as we approached my bedroom door. He slipped a miniature paper scroll into my hand, then disappeared down the hall before either of us realizes what happened. Marie hurries us into my room. Marie takes her time preparing my room for bed. I even tried to assist her but that just made her suspicious, therefore I had to try and be patient. Finally, she retires to her room. As I lay tucked into my bed, I slowly unroll the scroll. To my surprise there is nothing but a brief poem: 

Look to this day for it is life the very life of life. In its brief course lie all the realities and truths of existence the joy of growth the splendor of action the glory of power. For yesterday is but a memory and tomorrow is only a vision. But today well lived makes every yesterday a memory of happiness and every tomorrow a vision of hope. Look well, therefore, to this day.

What does this mean? I recognize it from my readings. Father kept this book of stories and poems by… I am blanking on the name. I will have Marie go in search of it.

There is no signature, but I believe it is from him. 
He was thinking of me today. 
There must be a reason why he had to stay away. 
I begin to weep as I fear this was his way of saying adieu. 
My tears lull me into a deep sleep.  





 





Twentieth of July, 1206 
Traveling the Kings Road 
From Fleur Castle to Ratimir Keep 
 
 
It has been two months since my coronation. I heard nary a word from Godfrey. It is okay though; I am finally on my way to the Ratimir Realm on my emissary mission to have them to sign a treaty developing trade between our Realms. Thus allowing us access to the rumored dark world trade routes.  
 
I was delayed one moon cycle in order to stay and attend Max and Jesica’s eternal bonding ceremony. It was a glorious ceremony. Once you become bonded, you gain access to that person’s thoughts, memories and feelings. The catch is that you get it in one massive jumble and you have to spend eternity unlocking their puzzle.  
 
The ceremony itself is rather we aspiring. To be witness to the ceremony grants you witness to some glorious one of the most powerful magiks in existence. On the night of the full moon those in attendance began chanting after forming a circle around the altar. The chanting began to sound like a delightful melody as it floated in the air around us. Each half of the couple enters from separate sides of the circle and takes their places. A priest comes up places a goblet down in the center of a large sigil drawn in chalk and then offers them an ancient atheme. Each alternates slicing their palm 13 times. The smell of blood permeated the air. Once they are done they gently grasps hands allowing each other’s bared wounds to bleed into the other and heal the wounds. 
 
They then intertwine their fingers while they take turns drinking 13 times from the goblet. Strange magic began to happen the closer they get to finishing. Sun flies float up from the grass below us illuminating the air with a bright white light. They begin to dance around, each slowly changing colors, the sky just glowing in a rainbow of lights. They grow to a substantial size and brighter until they explode showering the audience in a fusion of time and space magiks. With the explosion, the couple now share their powers for eternity. This way when they each create a new child, their child will be blessed with a blend of powers. This is what has allowed our species to continually evolve.  

My date for the event was Lord Tavus Irons from the Svarog Realm. He is of distant relation to Dauphine Isolde and I am doing this as a favor to her. He was rather pompous and dull, spent the evening talking only of his future, what our futures together would look like and his place in line to be heir. He even had the audacity to say to me that if we married then he would jump ahead to seventh from the crown. I suppose I was to be impressed but all he did was bore me. I had not been able to find another suitor that provided me with the excitement and security Godfrey did. Of course I was a disappointment to Dauphine Isolde. She had high hopes for this union, but when I grabbed his hand during Max and Jesica’s ceremony I did not feel safe with him. I felt cold, almost nothing. It was a strange feeling.  
 
I was glad to get away a few moons after the ceremony considering Lord Tavus decided to stay on infinitely. He made me feel significantly cold inside when I was near him. His aura was grey; I had never seen anything like it. When I asked Arthur with regards to it, he told me to stay away from him. He had heard only of a grey aura a few times but it meant that being felt nothing. They had no feelings and that was a deadly person to be around. They would slit your throat as soon as hug you. He followed me around when I would leave my room, but I was able to spend most of my time packing, it allowed me to avoid him most of my brief time left.  

Needless to say I was over joyed to leave and could scarcely contain my excitement. This is my first time outside of the Realm borders. We will take the King’s road through the Leander Realm and then take Volos King’s Road to the Black Sea. There is a boat that will take us to a caravan on the other side from King Stain Rattenkönig. It will transport us on the last portion of our trip. It is a long travel. Two full moons. There are more expeditious ways of traveling there but is it extremely dangerous according to Arthur. Traveling the kings’ road is the safest way for supernatural beings to travel among the Realms.   
 
Father has sent Arthur as my guide and my faithful guardian. I brought Marie, Pierre to attend to my personal needs, and two of our King’s personal guards to accompany us and keep me safe during our travel and time spent there. This is supposed to be a simple trip, but this new Realm is known for the dark activities that transpire within its borders. 
 
The Ratimir Realm was officially recognized only 217 years ago. For over 1000 years the area has become a cesspool of iniquity for those who were banished from their Realms. The Realm developed from these beings unifying towards common goals and be able to control the humans within the proximity of their newly formed boarders. King Stain Rattenkönig was named as their first leader after 52 years of infighting as they thought they needed no ruler.  

Arthur keeps warning me that the beings we will be dealing with here are much different from those living in the Fleur Realm. They were banished for one crime or another. Not all are guilty but all were banished. Many of them know how to charm a beautiful lady, but I am to be wary of genuinely trusting any of them. It is distressing to not have anyone trust my instincts. I am the one who can see auras and know when someone is lying to me. But due to the fact that I am young, that of course makes me naïve. I just wish Arthur could learn to trust me more. 
 
Father is adamant that we create an alliance with King Rattenkönig. We need to develop trade among our Realms. There are Adamantine stones that can only be mined from this Realm. They are said to be nearly indestructible. It is my duty to convince King Rattenkönig that they are also in need of this alliance.  Father also wants me to try and have King Stain to expand his trade routes to us as well. This would endow the Fleur Realm an advantage the other high Realms do not have. 

 
*********************************************** 
 
 
Twenty-Fourth of October, 1206 
 
I have been here in Ratimir for a wee bit over one moon; it is a considerably exotic place. The chateau we are staying in is… meager. I know it is improper to say, but it is maybe one tenth the size of Fleur Castle. Marie basically is sleeping in my closet. There is room for her bed and chest, but that is all. My room is a quarter the size of my room at home. They have provided us with respectable linens and a fully staffed house. Arthur looks as if to have no complaints and is rather bemused by mine.  
 
In order to not feel cramped and confined I have spent much of my time sight seeing. There are engaging trade stalls available for shopping. I have found many dark dresses to wear during my time here, now that my brightly colored dresses stand out a bit too much here. The fabric choices leave much to be desired, but I am able to layer my more exceptional brightly colored dresses underneath, at least my skin not need be chaffed. I am creating a particular fashion statement as the bright colors of my dresses still show from under the darkness of the new dresses. Many of the ladies of the court have tried to unsuccessfully copy my look. The green eye of jealousy shows through each time I visit court. I am arranging to have enough dresses made for each of them this Christmas. I am excited to spoil the ladies of this Realm. They have spent much time in the darkness and I am seeing that they are not treated as well as their male counterparts. 

I have captured the eye of King Stain’s son Prince Leopold Willardson.   He has been cordial, charming and courteous. He has shown me the sights; taken me on horseback rides through the countryside, revealing its hidden beauty to me.  We spend hours just sitting and talking.  During one of those talks he revealed to me why he and his father were banished from the Leander Realm.  King Stain who is true name is Lord Willard Crisps murdered an elder vampire.  I remember reading of his crimes and of his son’s involvement but Prince Leopold tells me most of what I know is misinterpretation of the truths.   He can never speak of what indeed happened that night, but he and his father accepted their punishment and have been able to create a new Realm out of the ashes of their fall.  
 
He reminds me a bit of Godfrey.  They have similar chins and jaws.  There is something with the way his eye twinkles when I catch him watching me.  There is a safety, a security that I bask in when I am with Leopold.  I know he would hand over his life to protect me and I would protect him as well.  I enjoy the tenderness Leopold provides to me.  In this dark world that I have yet to grow accustom to, he brings me light and a smile each time I recall of him.  
 
*********************************************** 
Twenty -Second of November 1206 
 
The second full moon since my arrival just passed. While things are going well for Prince Leopold Willardson and I, I have not yet been able to win over King Stain Rattenkönig. Just when I feel I am charming him, he twists the meaning of my words and I am left stumbling trying to regain my composure. Leopold tells me that it is just his way of maintaining control and making sure anyone in the room knows he is the most powerful. It can be such a blow to my ego, which it has left me in tears more than once. Leopold told me that since he is being allowed to court me, that meant his father did like me… and is accepting of Arthur. Since most of the beings I have to speak with in court as wary of Arthur, he has backed off, which has left the position of my escort free. Leopold has been delighted to step in.  
 
Prince Leopold Willardson can be considerably sweet when we are alone. We will sit for hours talking about everything, yet nothing. The first time he held my hand leaves the sweetest memory for me. We were sitting in a field under an explosion of stars and he made me a delicate wildflower crown. He placed it upon my head and as his hand drops down on mine, our fingers become entwined. It was like the earth took a deep breath and held it. We continued talking for several hours while our fingers entwined and tickled each other’s palms. I have many sweet memories like this to keep me warm during the day. 
When we arrive to court or during our travels in town, he is different. More callous, harsh and verbally aggressive. We often sneak away from court and go to some of the seedier taverns and enjoy the revelry and array of characters. The humans that live nearby go into their homes at sundown and stay inside until sunrise. This allows us to stalk the streets undisturbed. Occasionally we run into a human or two. Some are prostitutes that allow them to be fed on, and others are boys who believe they are tough and know how to take on the demons that haunt the night. Leopold commonly will send them home but occasionally, only when others are around, he will convince me to feed on them with him. It is deeply arousing to feed off a human together. There is something purely intoxicating when I am with him. He makes me feel joyous and excited to wake up in the evening. Leopold brings out the best in me, he accepts my insecurities and faults. Something I have not been able to show anyone since Isobel. 
 
I have begun staying more often at the keep with Leopold considering Arthur and Marie will not stop nagging me in regards to how much of a dangerous influence they feel he is on me. They are just having an arduous time adjusting to me making my own choices. They became used to making all my decisions for me for too long, that now they feel out of sorts that I am taking back the reigns over my life.  
 
Does it bother me that the humans in this Realm are not well cared for? Of course, I believe in humanity and want to preserve it. Most of them walk around like zombies and are kept on as blood bags.  

King Stain has humans shipped in from the Dragon Realm for the royals to feed from. It is not illegal here to have human feed bags as long as you are not mass murdering them and I was raised to respect and abide the laws of each Realm when you are a visitor in their land.  
 
One evening I saw something most disturbing. It has scarred me to my core. It is an offense that would normally send you to the box for a century or more, and considered one of the worst crimes to commit. I was wandering the keep one morning just after sunset; I was bored and could not sleep. I heard talking in a room nearby. I believed it was Arthur and Leopold, and I am naturally curious, thus I snuck down the hall and peered through the partially agape door.  
 
Arthur was not in the room but Leopold was, as was King Stain and his head guard Sir Kudurri Usur Belshazzar. That must have been who I thought was Arthur. Now recalling back, they do have similar voices. There were two men tied to chairs in the room, no windows and only a few torches to provide light.  
 
I recognized the men tied to the chairs. They were at the tavern we visited earlier that night, we had chatted with them for much of the night. They told us their story. How they were young vampires exiled from the Ursa Realm for petty theft, stealing from the human villagers and sell back to them for a profit. They have been here for a month and feeling lost in the crowds. Leopold told them he would put in a word with his father. But it looks like it is not the word they were hoping for.  
 
King Stain stepped into my direct line of sight grabbing one at his neck and swiftly beginning to drain him of his fluids. I had never seen someone this thirsty before. If he had been human he would have died instantly, but since he was a vampyre he just gets paler and paler, slumping in his chair until he appears to pass out. The other guy, seeing what just happened begins to get extremely violent in his chair, thrashing against his restraints. I hear the chair crack and he is grabbed by his throat just after he frees himself. I see the excitement then pure terror saturates his eyes.  
I run down the hall at this point, not wanting to see anything more.  
 
That night I left for my house and spent the upcoming nights avoiding Leopold. I keep to myself though Marie and Arthur are making it apparent they are curious regarding my sudden return. After being at the Chateau for eight moons I begin to become paranoid that King Stain will begin to suspect something, I am not categorically sure, but it is possible he saw me. Therefore I agreed to an evening at the puppet show. This way I can judge the temperament of the King and see if he suspected me of anything.  

That night I dressed in one of my more brightly colored dresses and we headed out. King Stain and Leopold were already in attendance when I arrived. It is weird being around King Stain now, knowing he drinks vampyre blood. It is one of the worst crimes you can commit. It is what precipitated many of the early wars among our breed. Elders can get addicted to the sanguine fluid and go crazy from the compulsion to feed. 
 
Leopold came running to me the moment we arrived. His hug was willingly welcomed and reassuring but then a flash of what his father did crossed into my mind and I stiffened in his arms. He pulls away slightly and gives me a strange look. I am pretty sure I kept my composure mostly though. I blamed my disappearance on Isobel. I was told she was nearby and I had to try to find her. Arthur appeared perplexed by my lie, but smoothly covered for me.  
 
We made our way over to King Stain and he was especially dismissive. This is fairly usual thus I do not believe he suspected anything. Leopold and I then sat together and our time together convinced me he did not drink any of the blood. I wonder how much of a culprit he is in aidng his father. Were we stalking those men? Was I only there as a distraction? The barmaid was the only one to handle our drinks… I realized the more I focused on that morning the more my nervousness was beginning to show through. My hands shook with enormous trepidation and I fumbled many of my words. Arthur and Marie kept making excuses, explaining that this is the effect Isobel has on me. I hate showing that sort of weakness.
  
Leopold offered to take me on the long walk through the woods back to my chateau, he was a consummate gentleman. I wanted to bring him up to my room before Arthur got there, but he had guard duty in an hour and had to go get ready. He would come and spend the subsequent nights with me. He said he had been away from me for entirely too long and was not going to let any more time pass than he could. 
 
Arthur arrives home a few hours after I retired for the evening and immediately goes on a tirade demanding I tell him why I lied and what was going on, but I could not get Leopold in trouble and I know this is something Arthur would immediately report. Thus I lie again, hoping Arthur will believe me.  
 
“I saw something. One of the Generals, he was torturing a kid. He was slicing him, the screams and terror… I thought I heard Leopold’s voice inside the room with him, but now I know I was mistaken. It was Sir Thomas Danby Nevaeh.” I felt like Arthur is buying it, though his gaze still looks slightly unbelieving… 
 
“I know I got swept up in the dark side. It is fun, but when it got scary… I grew frightened and just wanted to come back to where I felt safest.” I look at him softly in the eyes, tears welling up.
  
Thank you for making me feel safe, and I know with you around nothing will ever happen to me.” I see his aura showing signs of sympathy and his body begins to soften. I do feel safe here. I did not lie in respect to that. It is only a half lie, or like Isobel use to say “it is a half-truth. Just include your truth within your lie, to  make it more believable. Then if you have to pass a truth detection spell or potion, you can because you are, in a way telling the truth.” This was her logic at age 10 and became her mantra soon after.   
 
 
I hug him tightly and he awkwardly hugs be back. It felt comforting to feel like that young girl who use to run to his arms when the shadows in the night grew darkest. That awkward hug is my safety net. It always catches me when I stumble. I hope to never find out what would happen without it.  
 
***********************************************  

Third of January 1207
 
I AM TO BE ETERNALLY BONDED TO LEOPOLD!!!!  
 
It happened during the final ceremony of the Christmas Festival. Leopold proposed in front of father and all of our guests. He wrote the most splendid poem. 
 
She walks in grace with the eventide. 
Her soft touch setting my skin a blaze 
Her pure heart shines through her soft amethyst eyes. 
Burning away the darkness we live within 
She looks inside my soul and seeing my thoughts 
My dreams, my fears, and my love 
On this night of Noel 
I ask for her to drink of my blood 
As I drink of hers 
Princess Lady Elizabeth Isabella Raina  
Augustus Demonte OF the Fleur Realm Will you be eternally bonded to me? 
Will you spend your everlasting life with me unraveling the puzzle of our existence? 
 
His words made my heart soar and of course I accepted. Father gave his approval. I know it is to be injunction with a deal to unite our Realms, but I could not be gifted to a more marvelous being. We will be bonded in eleven moons. There is much to discuss and prepare for. Arthur and I will stay on, designing each detail and Father will return one moon before the ceremony. 

This will be a huge celebration.  
 

*************************************************



Twenty-Fourth of December, 1207 
Fleur Castle  
 
As I sit here in my room back in Fleur castle, looking at my gown, I am only beginning to process 
what went wrong… 
 
We were blissful. Arrangements were being made. Father had just left a few nights prior. He was traveling by mirror now. It is a new way of travel recently developed by a group of mages from the Edmead Realm. There are only a few chantries who have been gifted one. Father was gifted one as a belated gift from Max and Jesica’s union. Father asked for another to be gifted to the Ratimir Realm therefore he may travel freely to visit me. Father paid handsomely for this mirror, but he told me during his last visit that it is worth the expense to be able to see me at his leisure.  
 
Leopold moved in with me. We had just had a pleasing evening with Arthur, who had finally genuinely begun to accept Leopold and treat him more like a friend. King Stain was arriving the following night just after sunset to finalize the flowers and guest list.  
 
I was having the sweetest dream. I was sitting on the shores of the English Channel. Isobel was sitting on my left and Leopold on my right. We were having the strangest conversation regarding the color of horses and which horse looks best with which dress. We all jumped up and began dancing around. Soon it was just Leopold and I, when dark, black clouds rolled in hastily, the thunder that reminded me of a raven’s scream, began to come between the lightening. I felt warm and sticky tar beginning to envelop me, poured from over my head. I try to scream but it flows into my mouth. The taste was noticeably familiar. I began to choke. I see Leopold running away. He looks back and I see the light leave his body. I try and scream but the tar keeps me silent.  
 
My eyes popped wide open. Everything rushes forward. It was all just a horrible nightmare. Just a horrible nightmare. Abruptly there is a rush of sound and I hear Marie screaming as Arthur stands silently over me. His eyes wide with fear. There is a strange smell permeating the room. Denial begins to set in as I recognize the smell. I turn my head to see Leopold’s blood-soaked body lying there. His carcass viscously ripped apart. A vacant look in his eyes. His beauty completely masked by the violence of his death. 
  
 
I look at Arthur, who is trying to stay calm and kept repeating to me “What happened? What did you do?” I recognize his words but my mind could not comprehend their meaning. I just sat there, staring.  
 
Then Arthur’s words began swarming in my head. I did not do anything. I just woke up. I hear the words melding together. Then screams begin to erupt out of my mouth. I cannot stop myself; the pain over the realization that my eternal lover is dead is too much for me to bear. All of our servants come running. Pierre is the first to arrive and luckily keeps anyone else out.  
 
Arthur grabs me roughly and lifts up to his eye line. “BE SILENT”. My screams turn silent instantly. I can still hear them in my head but my voice will no longer compose sound.  
 
“Sire, this look exceedingly familiar… Was Is-” 

Arthur cutting him off before but I am sure he was about to say Iso. “No Pierre, I do not suspect...” At that moment I look up and he is trying to conceal his true feelings behind his steel blue eyes. The last time I remember seeing that look was when Arthur came to tell me in respect to the crime Isobel committed.  Arthur begins issuing orders.  
 
 
“We need to leave immediately. Grab only what we can carry, we must leave in rapid order. We will travel to the Mage Chantry and use the mirror and get back to Fleur castle by morning light.  
 
“She will be blamed for this and Stain is not someone we want to take on. 
 
“And Elizabeth,” nodding to me as I lay across Leopold’s desecrated body hugging him trying to get him to wake up.  
 
Arthur gently touches my shoulder before continuing   “…is in no condition to try and charm her way out of this.” 
 
Arthur then takes firm but gentle control of my shoulders and looks me directly in my eyes “Listen, we are leaving you need to get what you want and pack it in your trunk…ELIZABETH!” He shouts at me when he realizes I am dazed and not hearing a word he said.   
 
Instead I only heard him telling me he was taking me from Leopold. I have to know what happened, therefore I reach back down and touch Leopold’s arm and use my touch to see what happened in his last moments.  
A shadowy figure approaches Leopold, the bedding is pulled down and his skin glimmers in the light of the fireplace. He is on his side, his heart beating regularly. A hand gently traces the curve of his body. The gentleness is familiar. Then with a swiftness I cannot fathom there is blood, blood squirting everywhere. I can feel his pain and even Arthur’s commands cannot keep my voice silent from allowing his pain to be heard. Chunks are being ripped out of him, spurting and flowing through the bedding and puddling onto the floor.  The anguish he felt in those last moments, the desperation he felt to try and protect me, but something keeps him paralyzed. I cannot see anything but the sanguine fluid now. It congests my head with the smell, the taste….  
 
Arthur pulls me away before I gather anything more. But something in me feels strange. I lick my lips and can taste Leopold. His blood had a sweeter metallic taste with a hint of apple. He loved to eat apples, “five a day keeps death away”, he was always saying. 

Why is it in my mouth? I look closely at one of the wounds. I recognize the shape instantly. As I examine every bite… each and every one… is mine.  
 
I remember my dream, the taste of the tar. Not tar…. It was his blood. A sickening feeling builds in my stomach and fluids begin to just pour out of me. I cannot stop. Heaving over and over again. The bed over flows with the river of sanguine gushing out of my stomach.  
 
No I could not have.  

I would never harm him…  
 
But the evidence remains, there was something rather familiar in the shadowy figure and the more my mind implored the more I recognized the shape.  
 
It was me. As more of the images of the room come into focus I see Leopold is alone in bed. Where was I? I remember falling asleep that night after making love. And the next thing I remember is waking up to the commotion. I can taste him in my mouth, the bites are mine. I over fed… 
 
It all tallys up to mean that…  
 
I killed Leopold.  
 
I KILLED Leopold. 
 
I KILLED HIM… 

Arthur had Marie hastily clean me up the best she could, while he and Pierre packed my trunks and then retired to pack and gather their own belongings. I was such a mess. Arthur had to carry me to the carriage, and then spent the last few minutes wiping the minds of our servants. He gathered our knights and ladies and off into the night we fled. 
 
I should have stayed and dealt with the wrath of King Stain. I deserved it and kept telling this to Arthur. They should have fled and left me to deal with the aftermath. Arthur tells me how foolish I was being and by no means was he going to flee without me. I did not do this. He swears I am incapable of that type of carnage but nothing he said would have changed anything. I saw it within my own mind.   
 
Our carriage took us to the Mages Chantry. Arthur had a contact inside who was able to sneak us in and she got us hurriedly through. Arthur stepped through last. He wipes her mind of us and him. He had one last request of her. After he stepped through she was to destroy this mirror out of fear we would be followed. It should buy us time. It would take King Stain several moon cycles to travel here and by then surely he would have a calmer head. At least that is what Arthur was hoping. 

As we stepped through into the Fleur Realm mirror room, the guard on duty was rightly startled.  Surprise and shock clearly showing on his face, but he thankfully recognized us. Before he could ask any questions Arthur gave him a look that told him to keep silent.  
 
They got me to my chambers and I have not left since. Marie comes in daily with a cup of blood and to bathe me. I allow her to do these necessary tasks and I drink the cup in front of her every night since I returned. I want to wither away and hide forever but Father would never allow it. He told me he would force me if necessary, therefore I comply. 
 
Father allowed me a month to stay locked away. But the Festival of Noel was coming up soon and needed my magic touch to organize it to perfection. I know this is just Father’s way to trying to cheer me up. Ordinarily I am thoroughly excited to arrange and celebrate. This year I cannot be bothered. Our celebration is continuous for 12 nights and days. I have taken over the decorating and organizing for the last several years. Last year we just had it take place in the Ratimir Realm and they put our prior celebrations to shame. I am not in the mood for a celebration this year. Marie tells me it is wrong of Father to force me to do this, but then I must remind her of my duty.  

Tonight it begins and I must attend. Ironically it is the precise night I was to be married. We were going to intertwine the celebrations. I do not know where I will find the strength to get through the upcoming twelve nights. Father promises to have a tent where I can escape, but I have obligations. I know I must fulfill my duty and get through this. I had Tymn design me the most appropriate dress. It is a pure white silk dress with black snowflake patterned lace overlay. There is black fur cuffs and skirt trim. The neckline is superbly demure, following across my collarbone and then trimmed with the identical black fur that trims the cuffs and skirt. The lace is inlaid with diminutive crystals in the center of each snowflake. 
 
There is Arthur’s knock; it must be time to go… 
 
*********************************************** 
Sixteenth of January 1208 
 	 
Just after the festival, Judge Santernalis from the Justininus Realm came to question me and all those involved. In confidence he mentioned to Father that King Stain is furious and wants blood for the death of his heir. He knows he cannot come after me directly, but if the “murderer” is found they are to be turned over to King Stain Rattenkönig for sentencing. Arthur assures me Father would never allow this to happen.
  
It turns out I am still an accomplished actress and I played the part of the grieving fiancé flawlessly. It is a rare circumstance to have a Judge come out, but Father wanted no questions with concerns to favoritism or bribery. I was asked about that night and told him everything but the memory walk. If I did not steal those memories then I would have no idea what atrocities I had committed and since no one knows I effectuated my gift, I can omit it from my memory for today.  
 
After the intense questioning, he absolved me of any crime. He said there was a line of deaths in our keep leading to our room. The bite marks were not a match to my own that Father had submitted unknowing to me. They are theorizing that it is a revenge killing from the murder of the elder Regent Lord Stephen Michael. They understand why Arthur had us flee and it would be for the best for us to steer clear of King Stain for a few hundred moons 
 
Judge Santernalis stayed on for seven more nights; it was difficult maintaining my composure while he was here. Having to be the gracious sweet girl who is in mourning was substantially exhausting, especially when all I wanted to do was curl up and cry. My sheets are stained with the blood of my tears from crying myself to sleep each morning. Marie has had her hands full with changing my bedding daily. Once Stain left I was allowed to become a recluse. Writing tonight is my way of trying to come to terms with what I did and figure out a way to move on. I feel wounded and angry but the only person I can be angry at is myself. That is what I am having a terrible time coming to terms with. Thus I started sneaking away and feeding on random peasants. I do not remember much in concern with these trysts. I allow my inner monster to take hold and just feed, but it is not making me feel any better. 
 
I have heard many beings over the years talk in respect to the high and release that comes with letting go, letting the monster take over. But when I would wake the following night, I did not improve. 
Only worse. The guilt of not knowing how much harm I brought to someone.  
 
I heard from Marie that peasants in a nearby village were being savagely slaughtered. They were ripped to pieces. Entire households are destroyed in just one night. The strangest thing is how peacefully the bodies appeared to be. They were slaughtered individually; somehow the others in the house did not wake as the one prior was being killed.  
 
Just like Leopold… 
 
Just like Leopold… 
 
******************************************************* 

Eighth of February 1208 
 
I have begun wondering lately with regards to Isobel. What she did? Why she was banished? I question Arthur constantly and he keeps trying to reassure me that this is nothing like what happened with Isobel. If they thought, I had killed Leopold than they would have locked me up or turned me over. Father would lose his crown if he offered sanctuary to a guilty fugitive. This is Arthur’s argument as to why I must be innocent. I see his eyes clearly from that night. It was the duplicate look I saw when he was explaining to me what Isobel had done.  
 
We ARE twins. 
 
I just always thought the darkness lived only within her. Now I know differently.  
 
I wish she were here to guide me, to lean on, to teach me how to deal with this overwhelming heart ache. I never thought myself capable of taking another’s life, at least not permanently. I do not know how to deal with this guilt.  
 
Maybe Iso would be capable of teaching me how to let the monster take over.  How to live in the monster… 
 
*********************************************** 

Seventeenth of March 1208 
 
Tonight was my first night out in many moons. It was our spring festival. Father had a new dress made for me. It is pleasing but I did not feel like myself in it. It was too pure looking. 

Reminded me of a dress I wore when I was still human. Instead I decide to wear a dress from Leopold and it is sexier than any dress I had ever worn in this Realm. It is the darkest shade of purple with gold thread embroidered throughout the hem creating an intricate lily pattern around the edges of the dress. The neckline is low coming to a point just below my cleavage line. It hugs my curves exquisitely. It is one of the last gifts Leopold gave me. This seemed like the ideal occasion to wear it.  
 
Father seemed rather disapproving of my gown choice, but his eyes softened when I kissed his cheek and bowed before taking the seat adjacent to his throne. I was older now and needed to show my new found growth and change. I expect Father was beginning to understand that.  
 
I spent the evening making polite conversation regarding where I have been? How I was doing?  How I was spending the proper time mourning, but now with spring here I am finding my renewal and looking forward to the coming days. I flirted with a few of our guests and made many promises for the future. Perhaps if I just keep faking it long enough maybe it will become my real self. I received many compliments on my gown choice and many ladies asked for the name of the dress maker. Perhaps this new darker side is something I will stick with. 
 
The only beings who seem truly concerned for me were King Jack and King Kile. We talked for much of the party and I was deeply grateful for them monopolizing my time. One of the things King Kile said has stuck with me. He told me that there will be many storms throughout time, more than I will ever remember. However, each time I bend with the wind instead of struggling against it, I am more likely to continue to grow and become stronger. However most who resist the wind, break and lay broken forever on the ground to only be swept up and used as firewood.  
 
I will get through this and become stronger; I just have to not let it break me. I can do that…  

I just miss him ever so much… 
 
*********************************************** 
Eighth of August 1208 
 
Father tells me I have been moping for significantly too long. He cannot take this any longer and he wants his joyful princess back. I have tried to cheer up, but life just is not like it was before. Thus I go through the motions, but without the smile and cheerfulness I use to have. It is time to begin fresh he tells me. Start anew. Fleur castle has too many memories for me to keep on here.  
 
Father has been meeting with several other kings recently. I see them walking the grounds or in the hallway and they always stop whispering as I near. Father is polite and introduces us before ushering them off to some place more private to speak. I overheard Father talking to Arthur in connection with traveling again soon. 
 
Last evening while I was in my room doing needlepoint, when there is a knock at the door and Pierre informs me that I am summoned to the throne room for a meeting with Father. I thank him and begin to shut the door to prepare myself. 
 
Once Marie dressed me, I toke the alternative route through the tunnels and arrived at the throne room door.  I took a moment to gather myself then I nod to the guards and they lead me in. Father dismisses everyone in the room except Arthur who steps back into the shadows to allow us to talk  
 
“Mon Bel est Monté I have a problem. There is a parcel land in the east near Hungary that is unwanted. It is a grand, rich land full of promise and it is in need a ruler. There are a few peasant villages and garou townships, but much of the land there is unclaimed.  
 
“I know you are aware of the meetings I have been having recently. This is a bit of an experiment. You see we are sending seven highly recommended vampyres there to battle, fight and win the land and the hearts of its people who live there. You will form a coterie to aid in nurturing the land and its people.  
 
“There is an ancient gate in these lands that holds tremendous power for the ones who controls it and the land surrounding it. I would like to send you, along with Arthur, to have a role in this special Coterie that is to  rid this land of the evil that currently resides there. Then you will  nurture and develop it into a magnificent kingdom. And rule together in an untraditional way. You will become a counsel of seven who each possess individual strengths.” 

He pauses, looking at me deeply, reading my soul. He clasps my hands in his and continues, “You deserve this chance to prove to yourself, prove you are worthy and that your pure heart is strong enough to rid the evil that is plaguing the lands. His name is Sagris and he is what constantly plagues the area, destroying its beauty. He will be a tough adversary for you and your coterie to defeat but it has been foretold that you will.  
 
“But like every new region you must earn the land. There is a large amount of savages that wander and live in the land known as the Graveyard. You will be sent with provisions and will meet the others of your coterie. Arthur will be going as your liaison and will report back to me your progress. He has a dossier on each one of your coterie, including yours and his own. These will be the beginning of your own hall of records.  
 
“This will take several years before you can rightfully call yourself queen, but I have faith and trust in you my child. You have always been my exquisite alluring shining star. The brightest of my children. You have until the upcoming new moon to prepare your house. You should take with you any treasures you hold dear, as I do not expect you will return for a considerably long time.”  
 
Father pauses and looks me deep in my eyes. 

“I know you have been through much this last year. You feel defeated and lost. This is your destiny. You are to be queen of this land. An admirable, dutiful queen who takes care of her subjects.” 
 
He pulls me close to look deeply into my eyes. “You did not KILL Leopold. We have had our best investigators do a thorough investigation and it is true. IT IS TRUE. 
 
“You were set up my darling. They wanted to destroy you, coerce you and others to conclude that you killed him. I just received the final report. Here is a letter from King Stain Rattenkönig telling you himself he is sorry for his accusations as he now knows they are untrue and he owes you a favor should you ever need one.” 
 
I just stare at him in disbelief. I hear his words but my brain cannot comprehend them. I was set up? But why? WHO? Who hates me this much, that they would engender me to this variety of pain? But then the relief and the true grief of losing Leopold sets in and I just cry. It just flows out and Father just holds me, allowing me to let it all out. Once I can finally compose myself again. I kiss Father on the cheek. “This is an honor; I hope I can make you proud my king.” 
 
*********************************************** 


Seventeenth of September 1208 
 
As Marie and Pierre pack my belongings and I instruct them on what is to be taken and what is to be left behind, I find myself pausing, realizing the permanency here. I will not be returning, at least for not one or two hundred years, but indeed, then only for a visit. It is time to grow up and leave home.  
 
Arthur has been schooling me on the area we are traveling to and the others we will meet up with there, but I cannot pay too much attention to that just now. I need to focus on saying adieu to those I may never see again.  
 
I cannot take my vassels with me. I must bid adieu to each one. Father promised to look after them and reassign them to someone else and they will continually be taken care of. 
 
I took one night to fully grieve for Leopold. I put his memories in a box and buried them deep inside one of my trunks and I said farewell. He will always have a piece of my heart, but I am still here and it is time to live. The storm has finally stopped and I have grown stronger for it.  

As I walk out to the Castle Courtyard for the last time, I see a caravan of four carriages waiting for us. The caravan with our knights will travel first. We have brought a mixture of ghouls and Vampyric Knights. Our ghouls will protect us during the day and then when the sun goes down they switch places with our vampyric guards. I brought five ladies to tend to my daily needs. They will take the spot behind our wagon and then the last wagon is a large supply caravan. Not only does it have my many trunks, but also most of our weapons and armor. It also has stores of food for our ghouls and humans. Two of our guards will travel the entire voyage in this carriage to protect our supplies. 

 Our carriage had no windows, just a door, which at this time is ajar, waiting to swallow its new inhabitants. Father commissioned the caravan especially for this trip. It is armored and you can see runes carved around it. There are two smaller carriages, one for our ghouls and one for the vampyres. And the last carriage is longer than the other carriages and carries our supplies.  They are less opulent than the lead carriage.  As with my carriage there is only a single door and no windows.   
 
There is a meager entourage waiting to see me off. Father and Dauphine Isolde are standing with Max and Jesica at their side. Lady Sophia is there with Bernard Geuseu, Marquez of the Fleur Realm and a few servants who have watched me grow through the year. As I walk over to Father I can see tears glistening in his eyes.  
 
“Your majesties, thank you for allowing me this opportunity to serve you and serve you well. “ 
 
Father steps forward, kiss me on the forehead, “I know you will live up to your word. Heed Arthur’s advice. He will continue to serve as your protector.” 

I step over to Dauphine Isolde. She has a mixture of sadness and relief on her face. She dabs at false tears in her eyes and says “Be a shining example to your name, heritage and Realm. You are my most radiant child. We took you in as an infant and raised you as our own. You will be a magnificent queen in your new land.”  

I bow graciously and then hug her tightly. She squeezes back as if she forgotten herself for a moment then immediately releases. She places a bouquet of flowers in my hands. I thank her then run towards Arthur, Drucillia, Marie, Pierre and the others waiting by our large caravan. 

“Bonsoir, Farewell…” 

Arthur takes my hand and escorts me inside the carriage. I take my seat and settle in. For the first time it is settling in how far we will be traveling from home. As the wagon pulls away, I clearly feel that this is the path I am meant to be on and though the road will be long traveled, the destination will be worth the wait.
