



VIRTUAL
ERADICATION

HEIDY HARDAKER


© Heidy Rose Hardaker 2021

Cover Design, Cover Photos, Cover Creation © Heidy Rose Hardaker 2021

The right of Heidy Rose Hardaker to be identified as the Author of the work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

This book is the work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental. All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever except for the use of brief quotations in a book review or with permission from the author.



0
6424



‘Are there enough hours in the day to regret all your words, your actions… your life?’ Raven stared at her own reflection but nothing stared back. ‘How important are your words, actions? I find doing the right thing suffocating, I can never seem to get it right.’
Her scalp was itchy. All the wigs, dyes and hair pieces were starting to take a toll on her fragile skin. The unnatural colours were so hypnotic that she could not stop staring at her own reflection. Normally she hated staring at herself. The feelings of hatred would bubble within her until she was so disgusted she had to turn away. But now she looked like someone else, she was captivated by the image. A soulless stranger that had the potential to be anything or anyone.
‘Explain something to me,’ Raven stuck her finger in her eye and wiggled the coloured contact.
‘Your disguise is unnecessary and infantile,’ Novak fluffed her frizzy hair. Even though it was short there was too much of it. Her sharp nose intruded into Raven’s view. It fragmented into multiple images. The whole room was a disorienting mix of mirrors.
It was inescapable. The more power Novak felt like she had, the louder she got. A shrieking and cackling monstrosity that would not sit in the corner and be quiet. The racket that came from Raven’s enemy was starting to give her a headache. There was no point in arguing with such as a wicked creature. Then the noise would never stop. Still she could not stop the retort. She knew at the core of her being she was just as bad if not worse.
‘What are you talking about? Is fluorescent purple not natural?’ Raven raised an eyebrow and snickered. Her eyes danced around Novak’s cerise hair. It overwhelmed her small face and thin lips.
‘Just get to the point, why are you here?’ Novak sat on her desk. It was full of papers but she flattened them like they meant nothing. The whole space was disorganised and cluttered. A revolting swab of insipid colours that did nothing to help the small office.
‘Why are dummies going out but dead bodies returning?’ She asked the question without looking away from the mirror. There were so many of them placed around the room that she could still keep a wary eye on her enemy.
Novak’s nose crinkled in disgust.
‘I think it was your sister,’ Raven pretended to preen her hair but in reality she was studying her prey.
‘Half-sister.’
‘Her experiments are fatal.’
‘Interesting trade-off,’ Novak pursued her lips. ‘What do you want me to do about it? Her actions have nothing to do with me.’
‘So what is she gaining that is worth displeasing Erase?’ With every word uttered Raven was endangering their fragile alliance. But her inquisitive nature was obsessive and now nothing could stop her incessant babble. Danger excited her. Sometimes she needed someone to rein her in, the need for self-destruction was just too seductive.
‘I’m just a facilitator, do you want to go back in the hole? The only light you see from the feeding tube, the only person who comes to see you is the person paid to feed you?’
‘You know I don’t.’ Raven bowed her head. The submissive act did nothing to quell the mounting tension.
‘And I don’t want to go back to the lowly position of feeding you and your useless companion,’ Novak scooped up a pile of papers and threw them. ‘Who cares about any of this nonsense? It doesn’t really matter.’
‘What does then?’
‘I can’t answer that for you, you must find it on your own.’ Novak threw her head back and exhaled. ‘You misunderstand.’
She pressed her lips together and tried to contain her rage.
‘No one cares about you, not even you.’ Novak sneered, ‘You are a tool used in different ways by people that want to annihilate you!’



1
6445



Alexander’s head was pounding, his eyes were so dry that he could barely open them. When they finally fluttered up and down, he tried to piece together the environment. A blurry mess of bright shapes, his vision was too warped to identify anything. He was trying to fight against himself but he could not move. His limbs were heavier than his head. There was not enough willpower in the world to fix his current situation. A puzzle that his mind did not know how to solve. His body was damaged beyond repair and moving it would be an impossible task.
‘Take your time,’ an intrusive voice was pecking at his head.
He did not care. It was a strange feeling.
‘Your body has adjusted,’ the words sounded so disjointed. ‘Once your mind catches up.’
His eyes snapped open but they were stuck in a fixed gaze.
‘Oi listen you’ll be able to move when your mind accepts this new reality.’ The voice felt like it was so far away. ‘Relax. Stop fighting yourself.’
The white ceiling faded into a blue sky as the bed morphed into green grass. He blinked. The images shifted before his very eyes. Random puffs of air brushed against his skin. It felt like there was a barrier between his body and the environment. His mind was trying to fill in the blanks by recreating the feeling of green grass beneath him and a steady breeze above him. It felt so fake. He spat the taste of disappointment out of his mouth and sat up. Everything was dull. As far as the eye could see there was nothing but green below and blue above.
‘Funny jail,’ he mumbled.
There was no one there. He scratched his head as he wondered who was talking to him.
Wisps of white fluff entered his vision, he fell back. In his mind’s eye, he could see the delicate beauty before him. A clear blue sky that he could swear was almost white. The depth of colour was something that the copy could not replicate. He pressed his back into the ground. But the cold feeling was noticeable by its absence. Instead he imagined it threading its way through his bones as the damp grass from his memories brushed against his skin. A spiky carpet that tickled against his bumpy flesh. Even though he was allergic to it, he stayed with it. Above him was a tower of bright green. The leaves were almost golden as they sparkled in the sun.
A stray bird fluttered its wings before it tucked them in and disappeared. He inhaled the crisp air until the illusion broke. The fake scene could never do justice to his childhood memory. One that he had almost missed out on. Everyone was yelling at him but he sat down and stared at the sky for as long as their chirping voices of dissent would allow.
He blinked as swirling blobs invaded his vision and made everything move and shift. His fingers instinctively tried to brush against his arm. He pulled back his hand in horror. There was no sensation. He could not feel the touch.
‘You’d do anything to avoid that horrible feeling again but it makes you fear too much and hold too tight to what you have left.’ The scattered voices were hounding him again but he did not recognise any of them, they barely sounded human. ‘Unresolved feelings, did they ever really see you, the best version, no, but the real you, yes. The nasty version that’s you.’
‘Fancy meeting you here,’ a different voice than the one before was so close, it felt like they were inside his head. Finally a familiar face entered into his vision and smiled at him.
‘Who?’ He clambered to his feet and spun around. Frantically searching for an escape route.
‘Am I already a distant memory?’ Kershaw smiled. ‘Hasn’t been that long, has it?’
‘Feels like it,’ his eyes darted around as he dashed to his left then his right. ‘Like my dream.’
‘Calm down,’ she grimaced. ‘Please tell me I didn’t look that crazy when I entered.’
‘Who are you talking too?’
‘Myself.’
‘Oh, good. I’m not the only one losing my mind then.’ He touched his head and frowned. ‘I thought I hit my head.’
‘How injured are you?’ Her tone shifted.
‘But I’m fine,’ he stepped towards her but she held up her hands.
‘We’re in Erase.’
He slumped. They both knew what that meant, a very painful and slow death by design.



2



The words were warped and high-pitched. Zoe swatted the annoyance away. The pain was instant. It felt like her fingers were pierced by shards of marble. They caused a wiggling sensation to crawl up her arm. Her eyes fluttered. A fragmented plastic sheet was above her. Small pieces were hanging on by a thread. She squirmed but her body would not move. Sharp pieces dug into her flesh with each and every movement. They were surrounding her. Her limbs were heavy, her body was electrified with an intense pain. There was nowhere to go. As far as the eye could see, there was destruction and death. She could smell it in the air. It soaked the ground beneath her and made her shiver.
‘Are you dead?’ The voice was persistent and unpleasant. Bony fingers started to poke into her ribs.
‘Shut up,’ she mumbled as she slowly opened and closed her eyes. But she was still stuck in a hazy pit of fatigue and pain. She felt her ankle crunch, an excruciating feeling and sound that made her sick to her stomach. It was a radiating pain that masked the rest.
‘Well that went well.’
Zoe’s eyes flew open as the memories came flooding back. The last thing she remembered was tumbling off the cliff. Sure enough when she managed to sit up, she saw her nemesis. They were both coated in blood, bruises and tiny flecks of plastic. Raven was already severely injured but did not seem bothered by the extra trauma.
‘Before you start I saved you, Jeff was ordered to kill the first person up that cliff.’ Raven rolled her eyes. ‘And lo and behold of course it was you.’
‘So why didn’t he kill you?’ She could feel the anger start to bubble within her. It put extra pressure on her aching body.
‘Because I didn’t come up the cliff.’ Raven rolled her eyes but it looked like she was trying to bury them inside her head. The lack of emotional control made Zoe cringe, she hoped that she was better at covering her true emotions than Raven was.
‘You’ve got wings now,’ Zoe bobbled her head and screwed up her face. Her eyelids were pressed so tightly against her skin that it made her eyes bulge. It felt like her eyeballs might fall out. She gently touched her head but there seemed to be minimal damage as if she had landed on candy floss.
‘Don’t act innocent you’re not good at it,’ Raven wiped the blood off her face and smirked; from the looks of it she had taken the brunt of the impact. ‘You know where the tunnel comes out.’
‘A minor detail that Jeff wouldn’t have thought of.’ She scoffed, ‘All he can do is wave his arms about. This fall did more damage than he ever could. Admit it, you did this on purpose, didn’t you?’
‘Underestimate him at your peril,’ Raven shrugged and slowly shuffled away. ‘In the end you’ll believe anything that protects your constructed reality.’
‘Thank you,’ she begrudgingly pushed the words out of her mouth as quickly as possible before she changed her mind. ‘Work with me.’
‘For what,’ Raven pulled a piece of plastic out of her skin and flicked it towards Zoe, ‘purpose?’
‘Erase,’ she dodged it and pointed towards the sky.
‘You want to climb up there?’ Raven’s voice broke; her eyes bulged unnaturally. ‘Well I never.’
‘Shut up and climb.’
‘If I don’t.’
‘What else are you going to do?’
‘I’m sure I’ll think of something.’
‘Well while you sit here until you’re covered in cobwebs, I’ll take the initiative.’ She attempted to get up but her muscles strained against the movement. Her legs crumpled under the extra weight without her muscles she could not support even the slightest movement.
‘Don’t you know it’s mind over matter, you don’t matter so never mind.’ Raven snorted. ‘You are so weak.’
‘Maybe after a quick nap.’



3



Alexander brushed his hand over his arm and sighed. It had taken him years to wake up and now it was too late. He had missed his chance to live. His laughter echoed around the space and filled his ears. It was a harsh reality but he had missed the beauty in it. The mist that permanently coated his mind had ruined him. It was a hard fact to admit, he cursed the haze for all that it had taken but especially for what it left behind.
‘That’s a bizarre reaction to your impeding doom.’ Kershaw’s hair flowed out as she sat down. It shone in the sunlight. In a way that he had not seen in years. Day by day they had been poisoning their food and environment. After years of abuse they had finally started to disintegrate in body and in mind. Had they seen the warning signs they would have run away. But their surroundings started out so beautiful. It was not until it slowly decayed that they could see it for what it had always been, rotten to the core.
‘Has anyone ever escaped this place?’ He dug his fingernails into his flesh. It was a weird sensation. His brain knew it hurt but he did not physically feel the pain. It was just constructed by his mind. He knew he could make it disappear just as fast. There was no way he had the concentration to erase the counterfeit feelings.
‘No.’
‘Even in death?’
‘Is that an escape or a never-ending punishment?’
‘Depends on your perspective I guess,’ he smiled. ‘Nice to see you again. How’ve you been?’
‘Can’t complain,’ her lips twitched. ‘Don’t have the energy.’
He giggled.
‘Ain’t this a kick in the teeth,’ Perry appeared behind her. A cooper fringe partly hid the vortex of malice in his eyes. His straggly mane was as untameable as the turmoil in his eyes.
‘What the hell are you doing here?’
‘I was injured too, remember?’
‘By yourself,’ Alexander snorted in disgust. ‘What kind of strategy is that?’
‘True.’ Perry smirked. ‘Everything has its purpose. Even if you don’t see the plan can you at least marvel at its brilliance?’
‘Humble as ever.’
‘Confidence try it sometime. It is possible to get out of here,’ Perry raised an eyebrow. ‘Interested?’
‘Not possible,’ he twisted his mouth. The movement was very deliberate and they all knew it. Their emotions would flash into their minds and they had the power to stop them being expressed by Erase at any moment. Instead he let it through. He wanted them to feel his rage. Even though it was fleeting.
Kershaw flicked her blonde hair and waved as she walked away from them. There was no way she would engage in Perry’s schemes. She knew the power of silence and absence more than anyone. It was something that Alexander both hated and admired about her. She knew her own mind. He held back his true feelings and stared intently at Perry instead.
‘There is nowhere to go, this is it. I know you want it,’ Perry’s wrinkled eyes were beguiling. ‘Work with me, the enemy of my enemy is still my enemy but at least we can have some fun playing with an enemy. You want to have fun, don’t you?’
‘And which enemy are you playing with? Or is it both.’
‘Trust issues,’ Perry snickered, ‘is that my fault?’
‘Well you certainly didn’t help the situation.’ He blocked his reaction. ‘I am not captive to your every move. Why do you assume that everything you do influences me to that extent?’
Perry shook his head and sighed, ‘Why would you assume that everyone’s normal reaction is to help? Especially when your demise will bring such joy…’ It looked like he was searching his mind for the answer.
The real reason was so simple. Alexander was insulted that Perry put so much effort into trying to deceive him. Every moment of every day, Perry was playing a game with everyone around him.
‘Extra resources?’
‘Did your brain just explode? Was the effort too taxing for you? Stop pointing out the obvious. I’m in no mood to play with you anymore.’
‘You’re no fun.’ Perry pouted. ‘It’s dangerous and we might all die but better to die a free man, yes?’
‘Of course I want to work with you when you say it like that,’ he squeezed his eyes shut.
‘There is no other option, we must work together or we will all fade away.’
Alexander held his breath. It was a pointless exercise, he did not feel any different for it. In fact in made him feel worse. There was a sinking feeling deep down. It was a place that he always dreamed of yet the reality of it was a frightening punishment. The purpose was to erase a person’s existence from reality so that no one would suffer the agony of searching for someone that was gone. For the living to live and for the ones who did not want it to disappear. A painless process that was anything but. He did not mean to create something so vicious yet it seemed to have taken on a life of its own.
‘Doesn’t this place remind you of the importance of your thoughts? A world that only exists in your mind can’t harm anyone, can it?’
‘Are you the one who constructed it? Is that why you know how to escape it?’
Perry’s smile was frozen to his face.
‘Go escape it,’ Alexander looked away. ‘I will cover for you.’
‘It is the least you could do.’



4



Zoe’s body was sluggish but somehow the fractured plastic sheet held her weight. As she crawled along it, Raven shuffled beside her. It was infuriating that she had to work with her nemesis and that she was physically weaker in every task. But her body would not respond to her requests. All she wanted to do was go to sleep. Her breath was misting up the plastic. It was better that way. Now she was afraid of heights, she did not want to see the ground. Her tummy grumbled as she dragged it along the slimy surface. Somehow she found the energy to squirm the last few inches to the door.
‘Get up,’ Raven cast a disapproving eye over Zoe. ‘This is beyond embarrassing.’
‘For who?’
‘You obviously.’
‘Why are you still alive?’ Zoe’s tone softened. ‘Like a cockroach. The only way to get rid of you is to smoosh.’
‘Because I do what’s necessary to survive, why would you let life just sweep you along from one dangerous situation to another? A bit of forward planning wouldn’t go amiss. And gratitude wouldn’t either, I wouldn’t be in this situation if it wasn’t for you, I’d be at Erase plotting your demise.’ Raven shrugged. At least she was telling the truth. It was quite refreshing to see her be herself for once.
‘Well I saved you the trouble, I’m vulnerable right now just do it and put me out of your misery.’ She looked down through the plastic sheet and felt physically ill. They were so high up and she would not survive another fall.
‘Tempting,’ Raven licked her teeth. They were both dehydrated and weak.
‘I’m not convinced that you saved me for purely selfless reasons.’ Zoe’s lip was caught on her dry teeth. With every passing moment she could feel a little more of her mind slip away as a sharp headache overwhelmed her senses.
‘Just leave it for now. We will discuss later. If we had any sense we would conserve our collective energy.’
The door whooshed open but Zoe did not see how.
‘How did you do that?’
‘I didn’t, come on. Fight them, not me.’ Raven disappeared through the door as a whirling mechanism shattered their eardrums.
The doorway was dark. Zoe did not want to move towards it. It felt like there was something sinister lurking beneath. She wondered if it was better to stay where she was. Her heart felt like it was bursting. Every sense in her body told her not to walk towards it.
Her face was heading towards an invisible wall. It felt like the world was in slow motion and fast forward at the same time. The plastic platform was moving underneath her. It was moving at such a sickening pace. Somehow she managed to contort her body to fit into the small gap.
The space was a dark chasm of nothingness. Even if her eyes were working properly they would not help her in this environment.
A crackling noise rippled through her body. The sheet was collapsing under the strain. She twisted around and looked back through the small opening. The plastic sheet had been warped. Now it was not fit for purpose, the design would not accommodate it anymore. She caught a glimpse of the plastic sheet as it smashed into the invisible wall and shattered. For the second time that day, she was plummeting towards certain doom.



5



‘I could handle this situation if I was alone but stuck with you for the reminder of my days, yikes.’ Alexander shook his head and tried to wipe the thought from his mind. The more he tried to forget it, the more Erase forced him to face it. Erase was not the sanctuary of nothingness that it claimed to be. It was worse than he had initially thought it ever could be. He was sickened by it. The counterfeit feeling rocked through his body and made him feel weird.
‘The true measure of someone’s character is how they react with someone they feel superior too.’ Perry rolled his eyes and shuffled forward. ‘You’ve never treated me with so much consideration, kindness and respect before, I didn’t recognise you.’
‘What are you doing?’ Alexander dodged to the side and eyed up his rival. The words were not directed at him. But the person Perry really wanted to scream at could no longer hear him.
‘Is this perceived entitlement based on mental or physical attributes? Because,’ he looked down his nose. ‘It’s a matter of perspective. A perspective that you don’t have from down there.’
‘Huh?’ Alexander could not feel his face. If it changed it would reflect his confusion. The whole system was overloading. He was not sure if that was programmed into the computer or if the design relied on defaults when it was taxed beyond capacity.
Perry scoffed, ‘First in will disintegrate against the touch of the next person in. Kershaw falls to you—’
‘My name is ruined each time you say it. It doesn’t deserve to be spat out of your disgusting lips.’
‘–you fall to me. How appropriate. Don’t you think?’
‘Give it a rest,’ Kershaw snorted, ‘you’re powerful we get it. Or are you trying to overcompensate for something?’
‘Me? You’re one to talk,’ Perry picked a strand of cooper hair off his shoulder before he continued, ‘this is you. A minor inconvenience but one that is easily remedied. Fight yourself, not me. You know your words are a reflection of the poison that lies in you. Don’t you hate it like you hate yourself?’
‘Superficial,’ Alexander licked his teeth; the sensation was unpleasant, it felt like his body was dehydrated but in his current state he could not remedy it. ‘I feel we have gotten off topic somewhat.’
‘Straight to the point, I like that about you.’
Alexander shifted uncomfortably as the awkward moment refused to pass.
‘Lacking self-worth, self-confidence; I don’t like that about you.’
‘Are you counselling us or helping us to escape?’
‘I can do both,’ Perry smirked. ‘Escape your inner turmoil and join me. Not so easy to dismiss words that you agree with.’
‘No.’
‘I think you’re forgetting one important fact.’
‘And what would that be?’
‘It is me who holds your future in my hands, I can crush it or free you. But it will always be your choice and yours only.’
‘Really? Because I heard that it doesn’t matter who was first into this little cage, it is the strongest that will survive.’ Alexander circled around them both. ‘Besides we can’t help you if we are particles.’
‘I don’t need your help, but I would like it.’
‘Wow.’
The response was overpowered by an earsplitting crash. A crack appeared above their heads and spread over the whole sky until it blurred and warped. The artificial environment was imploding in on itself.



6



A familiar voice was calling out to Zoe but she did not understand where it was coming from or how she could get there. Her whole body was numb. The impact had knocked the life out of her. She was struggling to do even the most basic task. Everything she took for granted was now coming back to taunt her. Her raspy breath shuddered through her damaged throat.
‘Speak to me Zo.’ The frightened voice clawed at her brain. ‘Please.’
Her eyes fluttered.
‘Wake up,’ Alexander screamed.
‘What?’ Her eyes flew open and glared at him.
He covered his mouth and stumbled away from her, ‘Woah. Sorry I thought… are you okay?’
‘Thought what that I needed a rude awakening, where are we with the case?’
‘What case?’
‘Oh, why am I here if there is no case?’ She clawed at her head but the swirling vortex of pain and confusion would not clear.
‘I think you hit your head, both times.’ He reached out to her but stopped short of touching her. ‘Just rest.’
Her hand brushed against his but it felt like nothing.
‘Don’t panic.’ His image blurred and shimmered.
‘What was that?’ She leapt to her feet and tumbled away from him. ‘Ah are you not real?’
‘No it’s you who isn’t real,’ Raven grabbed Zoe’s arm and spun her around. ‘Look around you, you’re in a place that you don’t belong, doing something you really shouldn’t.’
‘Don’t listen to her,’ he jumped forward and tapped his toes against Raven’s leg. ‘I’m in Erase the conventional way and it looks like you just dropped in.’
She rubbed her eyes as his toes disappeared and reappeared. Without thinking she placed her hand in his chest. He was no longer there. It made her feel so detached from the weird world. A feeling that felt familiar but strange as if she had felt a version of it her entire life yet it was now amplified tenfold.
A thunderous noise crackled above their heads and reverberated down into her spine. The walls warped and shifted. It felt like they were moving towards them but she could barely believe her eyes. Zoe and Raven were thrown together. The small space was closing in on them. Alexander reached out to her but the wall slid through him like he was never really there.
‘There’s a gap,’ Raven grabbed Zoe’s shoulders. ‘Only one of us can escape this by standing on the other person while they’re crushed.’
‘Just go,’ Zoe let Raven scrambled onto her shoulders as the four walls closed around her until she was stuck in a clear prison. It started to push against her skin.
The strain on her shoulders was like a poison that was leeching into her bones. Her neck was resisting the awkward position and the extra weight. She glanced up at the leech that had ruined her life. The position was precarious but she was able to maintain it as the wall pushed against her body and kept her upright.
Raven squeaked. Suddenly her weight was gone as her legs rapidly kicked the air. Her body was floating away.
‘What the?’ Zoe contorted her head into an awkward position but Raven was already gone. The walls continued to press against her skin. All she could do was watch her shallow breaths as they fogged up the plastic sheet.
Alexander’s soft eyes were watching. They were both helpless against the force as Zoe took her last breath.



7



Perry pulled the long tube out of his oesophagus. His fingers were struggling with the slimy object. He choked against the horrible sensation. The machines started to beep. He smashed his hands into them and yanked at it until it stopped. Sweat dripped down his brow. He kept his eyes on the door while he tried to shuffle off the bed. The wound was deep but strategically placed to avoid any permanent damage. Blood started to seep from it as he shifted uncomfortably.
Finally he managed to slide off the bed. His limbs were so heavy as if he had not used them in years and now did not know how to control them.
‘I’m Novak.’
He jumped away from the voice. The pain signals took too long to travel from his feet to his brain. It was too late to do anything as he tumbled over the tangled bedsheet. He crumpled to the floor with a thud. His bones crunched and creaked against the sudden impact. He could felt his hip throbbing against the awkward position.
‘Wow,’ she raised an eyebrow and pushed away from the wall. ‘Didn’t think I was that scary.’
‘I’m not scared,’ he grumbled as his blood started to seep all over the concrete floor. ‘Just didn’t see you there.’
‘That’s the thing about staring only at the exit, you miss what’s right in front of you.’ Her words were coated in malice. ‘I was in the room already. In fact I’ve been here the whole time.’
‘Do you really have nothing better to do with your time than watch me while I sleep?’
‘This is my time, my job, my life.’ She brushed her fingers over the machines and grinned. ‘Been watching you since your delta wave alarm rung its little bell. Your beta waves were spiked for quite a while before you moved. How did you worm your way out?’
He stared her down.
‘Little parasite, can’t say I’m surprised that it was you who found a way out.’
‘Are you going to force me back?’ He was squirming in his skin. There was nothing he could do to defend himself.
‘Why would I bother pulling you out if I wanted you there?’ She brushed her hand over Alexander’s plug but did not pull it. ‘The power I hold is what you can only crave.’
He scrambled to his feet. His fingers slid over his wound as he attempted to squeezed his skin back together.
‘No.’
‘Huh?’
‘The answer to your question is no.’ She picked up a food pack. ‘Aw you really did try your best.’
He held his hands out to her.
She threw it at his head.
It smashed into him. As it fell, his hands desperately groped the air for it. Once he made contact, he tore into it and forced all the goopy liquid into his mouth. His cheeks bulged against the grotesque substance. He did his best to gulp it down but his throat was so dry. It was getting stuck. He choked it down before it oozed out of his mouth. Even if a drop of it fell, he felt like he would starve to death.
‘There is no way out of Erase.’ She smirked. ‘Just in case you wanted to rescue your buddies.’
‘I don’t.’
‘Good,’ she tugged Alexander’s plug.
He stared at her. Completely captivated by the image of control.
‘Wow, you weren’t kidding. Not going to even try to save them?’
‘Do what you want, I only care about myself.’
She let go and strutted forward. This time she handed him the food pack.
His movements were just as frantic as before but this time he could taste it. He tried to choke it down like before. It was so rancid that he had to fight back the vomit.
‘There’s more where that came from and the higher up you get the nicer it tastes.’ She chuckled. ‘Same sh—’
‘How do I get it?’
‘But the flavour enhancers make it taste like rainbows and candy coated clouds.’ She paused. ‘I like your desperation but don’t interrupt me. It’s rude.’
‘You must need something from me.’ His feet slid as he tumbled away from his blood-soaked sheets.
‘Clever boy.’
‘What is it?’
‘Oh yes,’ her smile was haunting. ‘You have a lot of work to do.’



8



Raven scuttled away from the whirling machine. The space was industrial. It was unsettling and freezing. She shivered against the discomfort. Her number one priority was to find the exit. Unfortunately for her, her enemy was in front of it. There was only one place that was so spacious yet constricting at the same time. Erase. She went from one dangerous situation straight into another. This time she was not in the bowels of it but in the control centre. Somehow it did nothing to shake her foul mood. It made it expand into every inch of her being. She bit her lip. It took all her self-control not to jump over the machines and throttle Novak.
‘Sent a little messenger to show you the way,’ Novak’s cerise hair stood out against the dull colours. ‘Yet you never appeared before me. Why? What could be more important than executing a plan that took years of our lives? Sucked away our youth. Was it all for nothing? When did you change your mind and why? Why? Answer me! Why did you do this? Why?’
‘I decided to fall off a cliff instead.’
‘As you do,’ Novak was deadpan. ‘Only you would do such a thing. No one else is as bonkers as you.’
‘Thanks I guess.’ She screwed up her face and snorted. ‘I’ve missed our little bonding sessions.’
‘Got a present for you upstairs.’
‘What?’ Raven grabbed her own throat and circled around Novak. ‘Is, what is it?
‘No need to be suspicious,’ she smirked and tapped Raven’s shoulder with a slender piece of metal. ‘Use this keycard to access all areas and save Enfield.’
Raven snatched the keycard.
‘Or let him die, whatever,’ she shrugged. ‘I’ll leave that up to you. Main thing to do is to kill Perry.’
‘So you told him.’
‘Of course,’ she inhaled. ‘You know me I like to be friendly and helpful.’
‘Right,’ Raven dropped her hand away from her neck.
‘Been a couple of murders around here lately, you wouldn’t know anything about that now, would you?’
‘I haven’t been here in years.’
‘True you were otherwise engaged, just keep an eye on it.’
‘You may need to revive Alexander.’
‘That is impossible.’ Novak shook her head as if she was trying to shake away her stupidity.
‘Forever.’
‘Potentially,’ Novak twirled a strand of Raven’s hair around her finger and tugged. ‘Or maybe it is just for now. Time will tell if the extent of his injuries is beyond repair. You’re not upset, are you?’
‘So you want Alexander to live?’ She could feel the tears forming in her eyes. As she cringed and squirmed, she made sure that Novak thought it was physical pain and not mental anguish. If they knew she cared about Alexander, he would be used more harshly than ever before. And that was something she could not stand.
‘Perhaps.’
‘I understand that is the way it is meant to be.’ Raven cringed as pieces of her hair snapped while others were pulled out of her scalp.
‘But you don’t like it?’
‘Kershaw and Zoe will die?’ Raven quickly changed the subject. ‘Are they where they are meant to be?’
‘Is anyone?’ She asked as she untangled her finger from Raven’s hair and put a few strands of it into an evidence bag.
‘Tell me.’
‘Why?’ Novak lifted her chin.
‘Because I want to know.’
The glint in Novak’s eye was unnerving, ‘Not because you care?’
‘No.’
‘Hmm you are an interesting creature,’ she raised an eyebrow and pursued her lips. ‘Alright, truthfully I don’t know.’
Raven started to shuffle away.
‘One other thing, Perry has friends in low places,’ she winked. ‘So watch your back.’



9



The guards were faceless monsters. Their armour made them look invincible. Perry parted his lips but could not get any words out. The men looked at each other as if they did not know what to do. He was not suppose to be there and they could not blink without Cody ordering them to do so. The indecision would not last long but he was having trouble capitalising on it. In the last twenty-fours he had lost everything and with it his confidence in his own abilities had faded away. He took a deep breath. The only way for him to reclaim it would be to fake it until his muscle memory kicked in.
‘Is thinking for yourself that hard to do?’ Perry cleared his throat; his confidence returned with his authoritative tone. For the first time since his power dissipated, he was starting to feel it creeping back in. It filled him with warmth.
‘I didn’t hear that, but I assume you were insulting us?’ The voice was so familiar.
‘Fox? That must mean Field is with you?’ Perry hesitated; his foot hovered in the air. It was stuck between the uncertainty of facing them and the power he would gain from doing so.
‘Wow,’ Field snickered. ‘You must idolise him to recognise him so quickly.’
‘Recognised you too does that mean I worship you?’
‘Guess not,’ Fox’s words gave nothing away. ‘What are you doing here? I received no orders regarding you.’
‘Let me through then, I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t suppose to be. You know me, I never take a risk.’
‘You take calculated ones,’ Field paused. ‘Let us check with the boss man.’
‘There’s no need to disturb him.’
‘That’s what you were about to do.’ Even though Fox’s mouth was not visible, Perry could hear the smile in his voice. ‘Cody, requesting access to Enfield’s office. One little bug 190289838694832080385-40-38-53-0-485.’
‘What’s with that number?’ Perry squeaked. ‘Why is it so long?’
‘Short number powerful. Long number insignificant bug.’
‘Seriously,’ Perry mumbled, ‘After all I did for them, they can’t even use my name!’
The mask was suddenly opaque. Their bodies rocked and swayed before they wordlessly left their post.
Perry could hardly believe his eyes. It astounded him. He had never seen Cody’s armour in action before. It was memorising to witness such complete power. He started to tremble. His toes and fingertips tingled. The sight was electrifying.
It dawned on him that he was there with Cody’s permission. He shivered. Nothing good would ever come from following Cody’s desires. He gulped in air and pushed aside the feelings of uneasiness. The truth was he had come too far to worry about anyone else. If he did not follow their commands his life would be in danger and that was something he could not allow. After everything he had done, he could not turn his back on his dream of controlling them all.
His heart was pounding as he knocked on the giant door. There was a muffled sound before the automatic door sprung to life. He paused.
‘Enter,’ the booming voice commanded.
He skidded through the opening and into a lavish space. His straggly hair temporarily blinded him. He scooped it out of the way and quickly assessed the situation.
‘What is it?’ Enfield’s tone did not change. ‘Who are you?’
Perry was astounded that he was not recognised. ‘Guess we are just insignificant pieces in your puzzle.’
‘Don’t talk in riddles boy, speak up and tell me what is so important that you had to interrupt my quiet time. Even the idiots in the lab know not to do that.’
‘Right even the idiots know,’ Perry scoffed. ‘Been down to see your son recently? He’s dying. Do you even care or remember the son you abandoned? Who takes over if not him?’
‘Haven’t you heard, I’m immoral.’ Enfield sent his chair flying as he stood up and stomped over. ‘Now if you are ill-informed then you are too low to be speaking to me. How did you get in? Where do you come from?’
Perry walked over to the window and looked out. ‘Quite a bland view from the top. Inside’s horrible guess it matches but don’t worry, I’ll redecorate.’
The table rocked as he tapped the large ornament that enveloped it. He twisted his head but he could not figure out what creature it was meant to be. Erase did not make sense to him. He did not have an inquisitive mind, he just wanted power. There interests and innovations were so boring. He could not fathom their intent. It was part of the reason why he had never achieved anything. He was wary of his shortcomings but he always felt like he could overcome them. But standing in the presence of such a commanding force, he felt ill-prepared. Even Novak and Cody were too much for him to handle. He suddenly released how naive he had been and cursed all the wasted years.
‘Don’t ignore me, you arrogant,’ Enfield’s voice masked his approach; he grabbed Perry’s arm and spun him around. ‘Wait a minute, ew a failed project.’
The pressure on Perry’s arm disappeared. Suddenly there was a distance between them in more ways than one. Enfield’s tone and body language had shifted as if Perry was no longer human.
‘What the hell are you doing here mutt?’
‘I’m Alexander Enfield, your son.’
‘No,’ he chuckled. ‘Andie has a mother’s eyes, swirling pits of integrity and judgement. An unforgettable intoxication but a vomit inducing pain when you see the stupid creature that hides behind the guile.’
‘Look at me,’ Perry shrieked. ‘I’m not beneath you.’
‘No,’ he continued to look past Perry. ‘You’re something else entirely.’
‘What lies behind my eyes?’
‘Lies,’ he twisted his head. ‘Hatred. You’ve come to kill me.’
‘No I’ve come to replace you.’
‘Well good luck with that,’ he snickered. ‘The only replacement they will accept is Andie Enfield.’
‘Alex.’
‘You’re not my child. Even if we all die that fact won’t change. The only chance you have is to hide behind your filth, use others as puppets. That’s all you have, so go and save your precious illusion,’ Enfield turned his back. ‘Instead of bothering me.’
Perry grabbed the ornament and slammed it at the window. It bounced off with a pathetic thud and hit him in the stomach. He gasped. A tiny crack appeared in the otherwise pristine glass.
‘Little old for a tantrum, wrong appearance for a hissy fit,’ he glanced behind him but continued to walk away.
‘Anything that cracks,’ Perry grabbed Enfield’s shoulders and threw him through the window. ‘Has the potential to break.’



10



Raven heard the commotion and held her breath. The keycard beeped as the black door swung open. Her eyes adjusted quickly to the change in luminosity. Blood was splattered all around the space but the victim was laughing. A spiderweb of cracks made its way up the large window pane but it held. She sprinted over.
‘Ah, another uninvited…’ Enfield locked eyes with hers as soon as they did he let go of Perry. ‘Do me a favour and rid me of this pest.’
‘Right away sir,’ Raven dragged Perry to his feet and pushed him towards the door. He was so slimy and untameable, she almost lost her grip on him. With every step, she had to readjust.
‘This isn’t over you pompous windbag,’ Perry’s blood and drool coated her arms as she finally managed to throw him through the door.
‘Who’s side is Novak on if she sent you?’ She grumbled as she wiped his blood from her hands back onto his clothes.
He cradled his head. It was a pitiful sight to see him tumble into objects. His body looked like it no longer had the bones or muscles to hold him up. It was sickening to watch his neck droop and sway.
‘Go find a first aid kit,’ she pushed him away. Frustration was bursting through her pores. She was starting to regret following Novak’s instructions. It felt like the only person who benefited from them was someone else. She wiped the liquid off her clothes and turned back towards the open door. It was time to step out on her own.
‘What’s your name?’ Enfield’s tone was omnipotent.
‘It’s Raven, but you may know me better as the queen of disguise and misdirection,’ she bit her lip and shuffled in. ‘Chaos.’
‘Do you love Alexander?’
She glanced at the polish marble floor, it reflected back a dishevelled and broken figure. ‘Do you?’
‘No.’
‘I love nothing, I crave everything but nothing satisfies me.’ She glanced up at him but continued to walk away. ‘Nothing ever will.’
‘Fascinating,’ he smiled. ‘I only know how to possess people, you only know how to be them.’
She sat down on the marble and cradled her legs.
His eyes followed her every movement. ‘What is it that you crave right now?’
‘Power.’
‘Interesting.’
‘Why is it interesting?’ She paused for dramatic effect. ‘Isn’t it something we all crave?’
‘You know the best way to get that out of your system is to achieve it. Only then will you realise that it was never what you truly wanted only what you thought you did.’
She did not know what to say. But he was looking at her like she should respond.
‘One day you will be thankful for the life that you have lived. You will look back at the times you were saved from going in the wrong direction and smile.’
It felt like he was trying to give her advice. The uncomfortable moment seemed to stretch on forever.
‘What you thought was a curse, was your saving grace you just don’t realise how lucky you were and are.’ He walked around his desk until he stood over her. ‘So how will you achieve your goal?’
‘I don’t think I can,’ she mumbled; a tear escaped her eye and tumbled down her cheek. ‘Everything I do, I screw it up.’
The more she tried to suppress her emotions, the more frustrated she became. She cringed. Her tears burned her eyes, the bubbling emotions burned the back of her throat. The last thing she wanted to do was show weakness in front of a man who did not tolerate it. She did not even want to face it herself.
‘That’s not a good start,’ he chastised her.
She rolled away from him until she was face to face with the spiderweb of cracks. ‘Will you keep this?’ Her hands shook as she ran her fingers across the glass.
‘It feels fitting.’ His barefoot slapped against the hard floor. Each step was followed by a large pause. It sounded like he was heading her way.
‘Doesn’t it?’
‘Everything in here is broken. Pieced back together to show that real beauty is broken so it can fit into the mould of excellence.’ He brushed his toes over the different colours of marble and looked out at the dull sky.
Her fist flew through the glass. It shattered out. She smiled as the glass rained down on the ants that scurried around below them. It was the only window in the entire building. The only flaw in an otherwise perfect shell.
‘Improved air flow, how novel. Come away from the window now.’ He seemed taken aback by her actions. ‘Recklessness is a crime of omission. A thought should already be corrected before you act. Being a slave on the inside is better than being dead. Don’t you agree?’
‘But everybody dies.’
‘So you want to be free then? Is it really that important?’
‘Everything here is colourless as if your poison drains the life out of everything around you. How can one person destroy so much to the extent that even the colours lose their sheen? The people lose their splendour.’ She looked at the bright red liquid that flowed out of her. ‘I could do better.’
‘We spoil everything?’
‘You specifically.’
‘What is your solution?’ He leant over her. She could almost count the thick hairs on his feet.
‘I think Perry had the right idea,’ she grabbed his knee and yanked it forward. ‘He was just lacking on the execution.’
His arms flailed as he tried to regain his balance. She slammed her palm into his ribs. He was unable to stop the sideways motion.
She watched his face destroy the remaining glass as he tumbled head first towards the pavement. ‘If you underestimate people you better have fast reflexes or good balance.’



11



Alexander blinked. It felt like he was in a bizarre dream. Some of which he could control but the majority was a nightmare. One that was getting more dangerous by the second. He clung onto Zoe. Horrified they both looked at each other. Her nostrils flared as she charged at Enfield. He tried to hold onto her but her will was stronger than his. Erase went with her constructed reality over his weak one.
‘Guess you’ve been talking behind my back again.’ Enfield dodged to the side and slammed his hands down on her back. She fell face first into the fake grass.
Alexander’s jaw dropped. It was the first time he had seen such mastery of Erase. He wondered if he was staring at the person who built Erase. No one knew the programming better than him.
‘So we can touch each other without disintegrating,’ Kershaw muttered as she grabbed Zoe’s collar and dragged her up.
‘At first it wasn’t a lie but times change and with it we change,’ Enfield shrugged. ‘We got better, things improved, naturally we didn’t tell the little ants that it was safer. Better question would be how did your friends already know that?’
Zoe pushed her sleeves up and squatted.
‘Why would you physically attack someone in a virtual reality, duh, we can’t feel pain here,’ he looked towards the sky and laughed. ‘Can’t feel anything really.’
‘What is the point of this place then?’
‘Isn’t it worse? To feel nothing at all, at least with pain you feel something even though it’s unpleasant, you’re alive.’
‘So what’s the point of this place, torture?’
‘Why do you need more than one of anything,’ he twisted his head and smirked at Alexander. ‘Spare parts of course.’
‘You’re dying,’ Alexander nodded towards Enfield’s fading hand. ‘Now you’re stuck in the place you ruined.’
‘Ah that,’ Enfield shook his head. ‘Well the mind is willing but the body was broken by a raven. Unfortunately something squished into the cracks and they can’t replace it.’
‘Look at what you’ve done! I hate you,’ Alexander blurted out.
‘And I you.’
‘Is that all.’
‘Yes.’
Alexander walked away from the stranger. There was no point expecting anything more. Nothing had changed. Enfield was just an extension of a monster that wanted to fed off them.
‘Say goodbye to Andie for me.’
‘It’s Alexander and he doesn’t need anything from you,’ Zoe’s voice wobbled, ‘not anymore!’
The words hurt Alexander but he refused to show the pain. If he let it then Erase would show his inner most thoughts and feelings to them all. It was mentally exhausting. He could handle a stranger’s insults yet Zoe’s words cut him deep. The lie was eating away at him.
‘Not watching the destruction of a tyrant?’ Rex’s voice fluttered into Alexander’s ears before his fading form entered his vision. ‘I hope you are at least enjoying it?’
‘These are your last moments, are you sure you want to spend them with me?’
‘Like it matters.’
‘Raven?’
‘Who else?’ Rex’s scoffed. ‘I think she is responsible for half of the unfortunate souls who floated through here. At least I was taken out by someone prolific.’
‘Ever the optimist.’
‘You shouldn’t be afraid of fading away, you should be afraid wasting away to nothing. I was never nothing,’ Rex haughty tone was annoying; he was arrogant even in death.
‘Are you not surprised to see Enfield here?’
‘Oh, I didn’t notice.’
‘You didn’t notice? What tyrant were you talking about then?’
He smirked. Either he did not have the energy to block his emotions or he did not care.
It was a strain to think too deeply in the program. Alexander forced himself to run through all the possibilities in his mind. The intrusive thoughts were becoming more hysterical. If he lost concentration now then Rex would be able to read him like a book.
‘If you can’t be proficient at least be obsessive.’



12



Fragments of glass shimmered off the light. They were still stuck in Raven’s hair. The white fabric was tight against her damaged skin. After hours of trying to hide the evidence, she was tired and grumpy. The environment was unmanageable. Everything was geared towards making the cleaners as miserable as possible.
The door made a sharp creak, she shivered. Her enemy was blocking the only exit.
‘Little bird in a cage of her own making, how will you ever escape yourself?’
She cringed. Her behaviour was more predictable than she realised. She craved the days when she was flying so high none of them even knew where or who she was.
‘Enfield’s dead,’ Novak pursued her lips, ‘you wouldn’t know anything about that now, would you?’
‘Dead?’ Raven straightened her posture and lifted her head. ‘Since when?’
‘Swished him like a bug. As if they knew that Erase would not work without the most important part. Most people have at least some basic function. What do you think targetted attack?’
‘I’m sorry,’ she titled her head and raised an eyebrow, ‘what exactly happened?’
‘Brain damage someone threw him out the window,’ Novak twisted her head. ‘Is that glass in your hair?’
‘Yeah I threw him through a window, I thought that was obvious.’ She snorted. ‘So he was in Erase for a spell?’
‘I see,’ Novak placed her arms against the doorframe and widened her stance. ‘Did you do it for Alexander?’
‘No,’ she shrugged. ‘I just wanted…’
‘His power?’
‘Maybe,’ she stared at Novak and squinted her eyes. ‘Isn’t that what you wanted, you sent Perry to kill him? Why are you mad?’
Novak raised an eyebrow and pressed her lips together.
‘Oh, that’s not what you wanted. I see,’ she was dumbfounded. ‘You set Perry up, to die?’
‘They have a list,’ Novak slid her finger over her eyebrow. ‘He’s on it, you’re on it. Enfield wasn’t. The least you could’ve done is made sure he did not land on his head. Was it really too much to ask? I suppose it was for such a screwup. All things considered you really are such a piece of sh—’
‘I can fix this,’ Raven pressed her back against the wall and held her breath. The small box was full of medical supplies. There were a few weapons in there but they were not accessible. If she was attacked her movements would be limited and escape would be near impossible. There was no way she could kill Novak. She would be dead before she left the room. There was no way to defend herself without causing injury to her boss. But Novak did not have that problem, Raven’s death would be celebrated and an injury rewarded.
‘How?’
‘Leave it with me, I’ll think of something.’ Raven’s shoulders dropped as the tension in her body dissipated. Even though she did not know what Novak wanted in return, she was happy that she was given a second chance.
‘Tick tock goes the clock, when it stops, your head will be on the block,  chop chop chops.’ Novak reached out and plucked a piece of glass from Raven’s jacket. Her fingertips twirled the shard until it made her bleed.
‘That’s sick.’
‘Waste nothing, not a movement, not a thought, not a moment, not a death.’



13



Alexander’s eyes were burning as if someone had thrown salt into them. The voices were hushed but familiar. He struggled against his body. It was screaming at him with every twitch. He wanted to jump up but even the smallest movement was excruciating. For hours he had been conscious but unable to move. The only thing that was working properly was his hearing. But even it was a distorted mess that he could not interpret. It felt like a sinister shadow was hanging over him. A dark mood that threatened to overcome him.
Finally the warbled voices were discernible. It sounded like Kershaw was awake. An agitated Raven was screaming her lungs out.
‘That was fast,’ Rex chuckled. ‘You can’t escape this place, not now.’
Alexander sighed as he looked around Erase. ‘Not ever.’
‘No perhaps one day but for now it is beyond your fragile body’s capability.’ Rex flicked Alexander’s shoulder. ‘Do you feel that?’
Alexander pressed his lips together.
‘Oh dear, you don’t.’
Everything faded away.
Again he was stuck in an uncomfortable bed unable to move, to speak, to see. The torture had returned. This time he could not hear anything. With every moment he spent there, he was slowly dying.
‘Yikes they really need to stop doing that,’ Rex grabbed Alexander’s arm and steadied him. ‘Do you feel sick?’
‘No.’ It felt strangely comforting; even though he could not feel it, seeing it was more meaningful.
‘I didn’t mean here.’
‘Oh,’ Alexander cradled his head with his other hand.
The white ceiling was filthy. A swirling mess of wiggling lines that did not make sense to him. His dark hair was covering one of his eyes. It was irritatingly itchy. His arm would not even twitch. No matter how much he screamed at it to respond, it would not listen.
His arm smashed into his face and sent him tumbling backwards. The blue sky warped around the edges of his vision. Specks of white were trying to break through. He could not differentiate between the two environments anymore. Somehow it felt like he did not belong to either. Yet he could not stop hovering between the two. The situation was frustrating and tiring but there was nothing he could do. He was stuck in a loop.
‘Yes.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘The answer to your question.’
Rex stared at him and shook his head. ‘It’s been hours since I asked you that. No wonder you didn’t answer all my questions. Felt like I was talking to myself mostly. You keep fading in and out. Are you back now?’
‘I think so,’ he touched his torso and sighed.
‘They need to stop pulling you back or they will kill you.’ Rex almost sounded concerned by the thought.
‘How do I stop it? I can’t move, speak, what can I do to stop them. Tell me and I’ll do it. This is worse than…’ Alexander choked back the horrible feeling but he could not cry; he looked up at Rex with desperation in his eyes. ‘What can I do?’
Rex shrugged. ‘I guess I’m lucky no one cares about me. If you survive this try and live a life where no one will miss you.’
‘No,’ Alexander glanced down at his hand as it started to fade away again.
‘You invited them to your door,’ Rex growled, ‘now you have to let them in!’
He tried to focus on Erase but it was blurring into a small sterile room. A blinding white that consumed all the colour and made the natural environment disappear. There was an overpowering smell but he could not identify it. His mind was compelled by conflicting thoughts and feelings. It was telling him to tear the place apart, and sit back and let it happen.
A hand grabbed him. Its grip was constricting and ferocious. In Erase he could feel it deep within his emotions but in reality he could not feel it physically. It flicked between the two as it threatened to drive him crazy. The noises and lights were burrowing into his mind. It gave him a terrible headache and made him crave silence. He needed to rest in a dark room. There was no way they would release him from their grasp. No one was allowed to leave unscathed.
‘What are your last words?’ Rex let go of Alexander’s arm.
‘This life was never mine.’



14



Raven gasped. Alexander was finally wiggling around on the bed. But it was too late, Novak’s face was turning red. Her body was wedged in the doorway, her whole body was shaking with rage. It looked like she would fall over without it. The betrayal was exposed an hour too early. They were not at full strength although from the sound of Kershaw, she had the energy to run her mouth. It was all she could do from the corner. If she wanted to do more, she would need to push past Raven, and squeeze past Alexander’s bed then Zoe’s.
The flimsy bed frames and mattresses could only be used as a temporary block. There were no sharp objects to rely on and everything else was bolted down. Their reputation preceded them. Raven was surprised that the door was not made out of metal.
Like all the stuffy rooms in Erase, there were no windows. A film of filth and black mould was starting to encroach into the once sterile environment. The people placed there were never meant to regain consciousness. A space that was only possible to move around by squeezing through the tight spaces. There was barely a gap between the three beds.
‘Is this your idea of helping?’ Novak snorted her nostrils and puffed her cheeks like a raging bull that was about to charge. ‘They should still be in Erase.’
‘Why?’ Raven tried to make her voice an innocent as possible but she just ended up sounding squeaky.
‘Zoe’s insides resemble a smoothie, Kershaw’s not allowed out and Alexander has a ten percent survival rate,’ she shuffled around the beds and plugged him back in. ‘Probably zero now you’ve awakened him early.’
‘Were you going to do that to me,’ Raven tried to swallow but the spit was stuck in her throat, ‘if Zoe climbed on my shoulders?’
‘Who knows,’ Novak looked disinterested. ‘But one thing was for certain, you’re too selfish to let anyone stand on you.’
‘I well that is to say I would have if it was different but…’ Raven stuttered through the words but a stab of guilt took her breath away.
Novak shuffled towards the exit and pushed a button. ‘I need you to tell me something.’
‘What?’
‘If he survives, will he ever forgive you?’
‘For what?’
‘Letting Zoe die.’ She smirked as she yanked the plug away. The machines went into a frenzy. Blinking lights and bleeping noises overwhelmed her senses. Then suddenly just as quickly as it had started it was over.
It was so quiet that Raven’s ears strained against the silence. She rubbed her eyes. Still she did not believe it.
At any moment she felt like they would fight to the death. The tension was already making them foam at the mouth. She jumped into a fighting stance. The bed dug into her flesh but she ignored it. It would leave a mark on her skin just like the situation would leave a permanent scar in her memory. Just thinking about it was already upsetting her. She knew it would become just another memory that she would desperately try to avoid reliving.
‘What the hell did you do?’ Kershaw screamed.
‘She decided to save a life and I decided to end one.’ Novak shuffled backwards and smirked. ‘What will you do now?’
‘This will be the last time you’ll be able to walk away from me,’ Raven let the drool drip down her chin, ‘understand?’
‘I look forward to it.’
‘More fool you.’ Raven glanced around the room, without thinking she pulled Alexander out of Erase.
Kershaw started to wail as she collapsed onto her empty bed. Her tears were already wetting the thin cover. The sound of her ankles hitting the wall made Raven jump. It looked like she might break through the thick walls. The anguish was so intense that it seemed like anything was possible. Her muffled screams were too loud for the flat mattress to drown out.
‘Pull it together,’ Raven looked down on her. In front of her was Alexander’s prone form. She turned her head and looked towards the exit. There was no way to avoid Zoe’s lifeless eyes. Even in her peripheral vision it seemed to take over her mind.
The smashing sound and wailing stopped. Her head snapped back to Kershaw.
‘I can’t believe it. You just stood there and did nothing!’ Kershaw looked at her with dead eyes. ‘Didn’t even move so I could get past you and do something!’
‘Sorry,’ Raven backed away. ‘I’ll give you a minute but no more.’
‘This is all your fault!’ Kershaw spat out the words as if she would choke on them if she held them in any longer.
‘Maybe, but we are all on borrowed time and very soon that time will run out.’



15



Alexander watched Kershaw cradle Zoe’s lifeless body through his peripheral vision. The situation could not be worse. He could not even turn his head to look at her let alone comfort her. His limbs were lead bricks that he did not control. All he could do was stare into the abyss. It was over. There was nothing anyone could do. Their journey together ended as it had started with him weakly watching the destruction unfold. He cursed himself. It was never a transformation; he had always been the wrong person, placed in a situation where he was useless. Of the hundred people under his command, none of them remained. He was motionless. Even if he could move, the emotional damage inflicted a far greater toll on his ailing body.
Raven knelt down beside the wheelchair and slowly placed her hand onto his as if she thought he might take his hand away, ‘Alex. Can you hear me?’
There was no response. Even if he wanted to talk, his mind could not think of the words and his mouth could not form them.
She reached across it and gently placed her hand on his cheek. His skin was slimy from the various liquids that coated his face. She did not seem to be bothered by it. Instead her eyes were busy. A swirling mix of pain, concern and regret overwhelmed her normally dull eyes.
Unable to rouse him from his slumber, she turned to Kershaw. There was no way to reach either of them. They were both too distraught.
Raven stood in the narrow hallway and looked between them as if she no longer knew how to act or who to be. The chair barely fit in the narrow corridor. It limited her movement.
His eyes were red raw, his body was lead. The wailing shrieks of despair had completely drained him. He had suffered many painful injuries, struggled through fatigue, overcome extreme sleep deprivation, and dealt with a lot of emotional stress. But it was nothing compared to the feelings that tore through his being. A fatigue that locked away his mind, and body. The only thing that was working overtime was his emotions.
‘Perhaps you should go back in,’ Raven pondered. ‘Or maybe we should go somewhere else? Can you say something? Please.’
He wanted to scream out in despair, beg her not to send him back to the nothingness. Even though he was exhausted, he did not want to go back to the empty void. He could feel his body slowly dying. It felt better to die than to live in their counterfeit version of life.
‘Don’t touch him,’ Kershaw snapped. ‘You’ve done enough damage to last a lifetime. If you come back I will kill you. Now go and never return! I can’t stand the sight of you.’
‘If that’s what you both want then very well I will comply,’ Raven stared at him as if she expected him to stop her.
He looked through her.
‘Fine.’
‘Hey, if you’re waiting for someone to need you, to want you then you first have to give them something. You take and take.’ Kershaw pointed at Zoe’s lifeless body. ‘Everyone you love, you suck them dry until this is all that is left.’
It felt so strange to see how much Zoe meant to Kershaw. He could not help but feel their relationship was never that special. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he was starting to doubt it all. Like it was a one-sided friendship and he never got the hint. He tried to shake the feeling but it intensified with every passing moment. It was a thought he had never had before, now it was a feeling he could not rid himself of. Crawling and burrowing its way down into his soul. As if their relationship nullified every memory in his mind. He tried to grasp onto it but it did not exist anymore, just like him.
‘I don’t love anyone. Good luck without me, I’d say you’ll last about a minute.’ She backed away down the narrow corridor. ‘This is the emotion I will hold in my mind forever so I never forget this feeling. So I never make this mistake again.’
‘A minute more than Zoe got,’ Alexander forced the words out, ‘under your protection?’
‘I, try, I tried t,’ she stuttered and spluttered.
‘Why did you make such a mistake? You said we would be safe with you. So why did you make a mistake?’ Kershaw added. ‘You don’t trust anyone so that can’t be the reason.’
‘I,’ Raven stared at him as if she was searching for something precious; her eyes fluttered away from him before she spun on her heels and disappeared, ‘just don’t care!’



16



‘Honestly don’t know whether to be impressed,’ Perry’s eyes shone as he stared at Novak; he raised an eyebrow and smirked. ‘Or disgusted by you.’
‘Don’t tell me you loved her too,’ Novak curled her lip and turned to leave.
He jumped in front of her. The narrow hallway was difficult to navigate. He had too much energy for such an enclosed space. Every second he spent there made him crave Enfield’s office. Even though it was a horrible experience that hurt his pride, at least for a little while he had been able to look through a window. He did not realise how much he missed them until they were gone. Natural light was a foreign concept in the building. In fact anything natural was forbidden.
‘You’re a little desperate,’ she ducked behind him, ‘aren’t you?’
‘I’d give them a minute if I were you, they may be weak but you just killed someone they cared about. Don’t underestimate the power of grief,’ he pressed his back against the wall and sighed. ‘Not a concept you understand.’
‘Very well,’ she backed away from the door. ‘But she won’t be expecting it, I’ll have the upper hand.’
‘Like that matters when dealing with crazy.’
‘What should I do then?’
Perry snickered. ‘Guess I’m not the only one that’s about to be haunted.’
‘What do you want?’ Her sideways glance was dismissive. ‘A team-up?’
‘Your sarcastic tone would suggest that’s the last thing you want,’ he smirked. ‘I think you’ll find it is your only option.’
‘And I think you lack imagination if you think that is my only option. Who am I?’
The response took his breath away. He had mapped out her reactions and words before he dared to confront her but she had stirred up the anxiety that lay deep inside his chest.
‘What’s wrong? Stupidity got your tongue?’
‘I don’t know who you are.’
‘But you want to be my friend, yet you don’t even know my name?’
‘So it’s no to the team-up?’
‘And if I said yes,’ she raised an eyebrow, ‘what then?’
‘What makes you think I want that?’ He pouted.
‘Guess the easy option isn’t on the table,’ she turned to face him and ran her thumb down a strange weapon.
‘There’s no need for theatrics,’ he held his hands up as he nervously shuffled his feet.
‘Do you know what this is?’
‘One enemy at a time.’
‘I can have more than one.’
‘No need to be greedy.’
She smirked, ‘You’re scared but this isn’t what you think it is. For the last time do you know what this is?’
‘Clearly I don’t.’
‘Good,’ she tucked the device back into her pocket but went for the door again.
‘Stop that.’
‘Fine, play it your way.’ She brushed past him. ‘For now.’
He shivered as he dropped to his knees. His hands were trembling so badly that he could not concentrate on anything else. Sweat dripped down his lip. The salty taste was bitter. He spat it out and frantically wiped it away but the stench of fear clung to his skin.
‘If you want power join Cody,’ Fox stood over him. A faceless mask that held all the power in the world and none of it at the same time.
‘No,’ Perry scoffed. ‘What you are is an object in the game not the master of it.’
‘Did I say you had to put on the armour?’
‘There’s a way to work for him without becoming a drone?’
Fox wrenched his helmet off. His hair was a clumpy mass of grease. There were no more individual strands. It was just a mess. The sweat was profusely dripping from his brow and pooling in the neck of his armour.
‘Why do you look better with the mask on?’ Perry wrinkled his lip and moved backwards.
‘Where’s yours?’ Fox snorted. ‘Don’t worry one time only offer. Help us don’t hinder us.’
‘In return?’ Perry studied Fox’s face. ‘My life?’
‘How trivial,’ Fox’s smile was wry. ‘Why offer something you don’t have anymore?’



17



‘Fancy seeing you here after such a long time meandering through life wondering what the purpose of it all is,’ Raven dragged her tongue over her bottom lip.
The hallway was starved of natural light and space. It was a claustrophobic prison that matched the industrial sterility of the headquarters. The only thing that differentiated the corridor from the rooms was the paint colour. A bland colour made all the corridors blur into one. While the room colours were purposely sickening and disorienting.
Half the building was filled with decoys. It was designed to make intruders lost within a millisecond, confused within a second and dead before a minute could pass. Everyone else was thrown into the chaos. Only the strong survived such an experience. They would make it as painful as possible. There was nowhere to hide from their cruelty. A bombardment that was the perfect weapon. Only one personality type would endure, only the inhumane would thrive.
‘Oh the irony is not lost on me,’ Jeff’s spluttering voice leaked out of his wonky teeth. The smile was crooked just like his mouth.
‘What are you doing here?’ She wanted to look behind her but she held her nerve.
There was a sharp squeak to the left as if someone had lightly tapped the door until it closed. She hoped that Kershaw and Alexander would stay hidden. Their appearance would cause pandemonium. They were both too damaged to fight, physically and mentally. Not to mention how emotionally drained they both were. Just looking at them sucked the life out of her too.
‘I’ve come for a brain dead puppet’s spare parts.’ His eyes shone. A glistening film of tears that looked out of place.
She gasped.
‘What?’
‘You don’t want to do this, do you?’
‘Life isn’t about what you want.’
‘Why can’t it be?’
‘No more delays, move.’
‘Just think about this.’ She pleaded with him but his humanity had already burrowed back into a place she could never reach.
‘Step aside.’
‘No.’
‘What will I say?’ He frowned; there was a deep wrinkle in his forehead as if his face remember the expression well. ‘More importantly when I show up empty handed, what will they say?’
‘Tell them I stopped you, tell then that Zoe was worth a billion times what they are and she always will be.’
‘Yeah because that will go down well.’
‘Since when where you this afraid of them. The person I remember was fearless.’
His lip twitched. But she could not tell if he was annoyed with her or if he wanted to help.
‘Tell them that she deserves their respect and she will remain in one piece.’
‘Since when do you care about anyone other than yourself?’ He mumbled the words unable to fully berate her. His eyes looked tired. It was as if he had played the game so many times that any outcome just lead to disappointment.
‘Never you mind what I feel or don’t. Leave now,’ she paused as the tension on her jaw made her bleed, ‘and you’ll remain in one piece!’
‘Did you just bite your tongue or did you just feed?’ He scoffed. ‘So hard to tell what kind of creature you are.’
She held her nerve and faced him down. Her mouth was starting to ache. All of her teeth were displaced by her wisdom teeth. She was too insignificant to help. They knew what the problem was and they laughed at her for it. Her wonky teeth were a sign that she was beneath them. One day she hoped that she would get them fixed. So she could be normal, so they would finally accept her. But now she knew she would never be like them. Truthfully she did not want to lose a part of herself. Even if they saw it as insignificant, it was a part of her so it meant something.
‘Do you smell that? Fire!’
A plume of smoke swirled around her ankles. The smell was a disgusting and feral force that invaded her nostrils.
‘Do you see that?’
She aimed the device at his head. ‘Ever been to Erase? I hear it’s nice this time of year.’



18



‘Cody Enfield and company,’ Perry smirked as he rested his head against the bars; the fragmented light was harsh against his damaged eyes. ‘For a moment there I was worry, sorry I mean I worried, was worried, you didn’t make it.’
The words were so unnatural and forced that he struggled with them. He was not able to say things he did not truly feel.
They continued to stare him down. The pressure on his tummy was excruciating but he would not yield. He knew if he peed his pants the humiliation would be complete and they would leave. In the back of his mind he was determined to make them leave before that happened. With every passing moment, he was squirming more and more. The only weapon he had to use against them was time. He knew that they were lead by a man who was a slave to his impatience, to his bratty nature. There was no way he was going to fall to such a flawed creature, not as long as blood flowed around his body.
‘But…’ Cody sounded like he knew what was coming. His bulky frame and constant need for companions made the space feel even smaller. Fox and Field were crammed into the space. Even though they were pressed against the wall, they did not dare come any closer. For the fear of even touching their boss was more uncomfortable than the current position they found themselves in.
‘A devious tool like you always finds a way.’ He tapped his fingernail along the bar. Instantly he regretted the move. The slimy coating made its way onto his skin.
‘How did you like the device? Cool huh? I designed it, the victim doesn’t even know they’ve been infected. We do though, the eyes show everything.’
‘Thanks for all the pain,’ Perry snorted. ‘Do us a favour, unlock the door.’
‘No.’
‘Come on mate.’ He crinkled his nose. The space looked like a coffin and smelt like death. His forehead was stuck to the bars. A sticky substance that he hoped would remain a mystery. He was already creeped out by the situation. It reminded him of his childhood. If it was anything like that then his life would not be worth living. It seemed unlikely that he could dodge the dark fate twice. But there was no one to release him from the bonds of torment that had followed him around like a bad smell. A rancid curse that had latched onto only him.
‘Mate?’ Cody smirked and walked out of the prison. ‘That’s rich coming from the devious tool that left me behind.’
Perry shrugged. ‘Worth a try.’
‘Don’t talk back,’ Fox snapped as Field squeezed past him and scuttled after their boss.
‘Go fetch,’ Perry snorted.
There was no time for Fox to reply. If he let Cody out of his sight there would be hell to pay.
Perry smirked as Fox sprinted after his boss. ‘There’s no true power to be found in someone’s else crumbs. How do I have more freedom than them right now? It boggles the mind.’
‘You said I would be rewarded,’ Stanley snivelled. ‘How is this a reward?’
‘Ah,’ Perry jumped for the first time since he had arrived there, he noticed his companion. ‘I’m right here with you.’
At first he thought Stanley was part of the darkness. The lighting was so bad and his form was so slight that he melted into the background. Secretly Perry hoped that the man would continue to squirm so he would not disappear again. There was no way he wanted to be left alone in such a horrid place.
‘Exactly and why is that?’ Stanley picked at his beard; he moved towards Perry. ‘I thought you controlled this place? Or was that a lie too?’
‘Best just to assume everything that comes out of my mouth is a lie or indigestion. It’s an easier way to spare your fragile little insignificant feelings,’ he could not help aggravating his companion further.
‘This isn’t funny.’
‘Neither are you but I don’t hold that against you,’ Perry pressed his fingers together. The sticky substance glued them in place.
Stanley leant against the bars and sighed, ‘How many people do you think care that Enfield is dead?’
‘I do,’ Perry snorted.
‘How many are celebrating?’ He flicked his fringe up and showed his scar; it was the first time he was drawing attention to it. ‘Do you really want that to be you one day?’
‘But I do,’ Perry stuck out his bottom lip, ‘don’t I count us one?’
‘My point is, why are you here? You should be rewarded. Why are you being punished?’
‘Still playing the same old games,’ Raven’s voice called out; she was everywhere at once but nowhere to be seen. ‘A little long in the tooth to be so fickle.’
‘Was blinded by my desire,’ Perry licked his lips. ‘Little help here.’
The latch clicked.
‘Wish granted.’
‘That easy,’ he gingerly pushed the door open. ‘What do you want in return?’
‘You have nothing I want. I do this for you because I too was stuck in a dark place with no one to help.’
‘So you pity me.’
‘No, I don’t want you to gain the strength that I did from that situation.’
‘Strength? Pressure breaks a man down.’
‘But it strengthens the strong.’



19



‘Well well the big E,’ Raven tapped her fingers on the steel desk and laughed. ‘What looks beautiful from a distance, is so hideous up close. You never really know a person do ya?’
‘Step away from the controls,’ Cody commanded; his bulky frame blocked the door. His bodyguards were hovering in the background. Their bulky armour looked more of a hinderance than an advantage in such a narrow space. The building was not designed for Cody’s new workforce. It had become a relic the moment it was built. Progress seemed to make a fool of them all.
‘What more can I do? Stop overreacting,’ she stepped away and held her hands in the air. ‘I’ve already released Perry. Better late than never I guess.’
‘Are you helping the murderer?’ His wrinkles completely covered his eyes but she could feel the hatred that flowed out of his being. ‘Through the eyes, this building is like the curling folds of your brain. How did you find the prefrontal cortex? Who taught you the layout of this monster?’
‘No one taught me,’ she rolled her eyes, ‘just like no one taught me how to breathe!’
‘Why don’t you forget all of this and just come home with me?’ He paused as if he suddenly remembered where he was or he realised the implication of his words. ‘I’m joking I don’t have one.’
‘Huh?’
‘Don’t you dare say what murderer! Enfield was not the first of our leadership to have an accident recently.’
‘Really?’ She drew out the words to give herself time to think. Her eyes widened. It was disturbing information to hear. Her spies were everywhere yet none of them had told her the truth.
‘So you don’t know?’ Fox’s muffled voice was noticeable only because of the sharpness of his tone.
She flinched. If she answered back now it would be a defence mechanism. Words that she really did not mean to say and could never take back. She was already in such a precarious situation, the last thing she needed to do was create more enemies.
‘Obviously,’ her sharp tone was misplaced but the anger was bubbling within her chest so furiously that it was taking her breath away. ‘Why would I? When you’ve done such a fantastic job of covering it up?’
‘Isn’t that why you released Perry?’ Cody frowned. Her vulnerability was confounding his mind. At least the mistake had humanised her in his eyes. She was already trying to use it to her advantage.
‘No.’
‘Then why?’
‘I’m Raven.’
‘That’s not an explanation,’ he was grinding his teeth; his pulsing vein was a warning to her, this time she had pushed it too far. ‘It’s a statement.’
‘I take people’s identities, but I am a human so…’ She frowned when he did not answer; she was surprised by his stupidity. ‘That means I had an identity once.’
‘And what’s that?’
‘Secret.’ She pressed her finger to her lips without meaning too.
‘I bet you Perry knows, boss,’ Fox mumbled.
‘Perry knows,’ Cody said it so loudly. His shoulder twitched. It looked like he was berating Fox behind his back.
‘No one knows but maybe if he talked to the right people, said the right thing, perhaps he would spark a memory in someone else.’ She circled her tongue around her teeth.
He narrowed his eyes.
Suddenly she realised what the movement must of looked like to him. She did not mean to poke her tongue out at him. Yet it looked like she had done it repeatedly and covertly. There was nothing she could do to undo the action.
‘Stanley.’
‘No,’ she chuckled through her answer. It was bewildering her mind how much he was letting her get away with. Whatever he wanted to know was important for him to put up with such a blatant display of disobedience.
‘You’ve been busy.’
‘I replaced the toy I burnt,’ she smirked. In her mind she could see her flaws. There was no way she could stop poking the bear even if that meant it would tear her head off.
‘That’s not the issue,’ Cody frowned. ‘You’re a force of nature, untameable, uncontrollable.’
‘And that’s the problem?’ She sat on the desk and folded her arms and legs. ‘Well strap in darling because this ride stops for no one.’
‘Prove your loyalty, use this on yourself.’ He held out the device to her; as if he expected her to turn it towards herself and fire. ‘Trust me. You don’t have a choice.’
‘So murder is fine but fail a compliance test and suddenly you’re the scum of the earth.’
Their helmets were pointing towards her. If their eyes were visible, she was sure they would all be on her.
‘I know what you’re trying to do and it won’t work I’ve never been normal a day in my life. Why would it bother me now?’
‘Just take it,’ Fox moaned. ‘You can see from the colour that it is harmless.’
‘If you don’t know what that truly is then you’re a fool.’ She slid her finger over her lip and smiled. The whole situation excited her.
He shifted uncomfortably. It looked like his arm was fighting against the rest of his body. He was so powerful, yet he could not control his own body. In fact he looked like he lacked the intelligence to control his limbs let alone a million workers.
‘If you do know, then you’re playing with me. And honey I don’t play that way.’ She stuck out her tongue before she could stop herself it turned into an adorable grin. Inside she was cringing, it was a side to her that she never wanted to show him.
He was taken aback.
‘Naughty,’ her eyes sparkled; she tapped her tongue against the roof of her mouth. ‘I can be naughty too.’



20



The wheelchair felt like it was a part of Alexander. It was as if it had melted into his skin. Even with it, he was helpless. All he could do was stare at the sight before him. His eyes widened as the fight turned physical. Kershaw’s fingers slid down Perry’s skin. They were a useless weapon. But thankfully Perry did not fight back. Instead he stared at Alexander. An unblinking gaze that made them all uncomfortable. There was nothing any of them could say to ease the tension or remove the pain. It hung in the air. Suffocating them with every breath. A strong smelling scent that burned through their noses and destroyed their insides.
‘I could have killed her at any time,’ Perry spoke over Kershaw as if he already knew she was no longer capable of rational thought. ‘It wasn’t me. You can take it out on me but it won’t change anything.’
She froze. The warning had the desire reaction, she wandered away from him.
‘It was a shock I understand,’ Perry walked towards Alexander and held out his hand. ‘Truce?’
Drool dripped down Alexander’s chin.
‘Okay,’ Perry grimaced. ‘I’ll leave you to it.’
The vulnerable stance was attracting all sorts of attention and strange reactions. Alexander’s eyes darted to the side. One enemy was leaving but another was sneaking up on him. He held his position. The act was not entirely his doing.
‘I’m looking for Raven,’ Novak ambled towards him. ‘Have you seen her?’
Alexander was having trouble controlling his body, he swallowed back his salvia. It felt like he was swallowing his tongue.
‘Hello, anyone home?’ She waved her hand in front of his face and sighed. ‘Blink if you understand.’
He felt a flash of anger. Somehow through the haze of pain, he managed to control it. There was no way he would let her take anything else from him.
She stared through him. Her eyes were rapidly searching for his guardian. He no longer existed in her eyes.
‘Seen a lot of things, felt them mostly, do you feel it?’ He tried to move his hand but only his finger twitched. ‘Something is very wrong. A layered attack, sound has the power, sight to memorise, lies to justify. Fear creeps around the corners of pride, wets the appetite of greed, fans the flames of envy, consumes everything, and drains the life out of anyone it touches.’
‘Okay,’ Novak screwed up her face. ‘You’ve lost your mind. Time to go back to Erase.’
‘How tiresome,’ he sighed. ‘You are too old to play with your food. If you have an enemy finish them off, don’t wait for them to regroup. A desperate person is a dangerous one.’
‘Ah, there you are.’ She bit her lip. ‘Perhaps it is me, that is the fool.’
The wheelchair lurched backwards.
Her jaw dropped to the floor.
He sat there wondering what was happening as the breeze sent his hair into his eyes. It felt like he was looking at reality through a curtain. Nothing felt real anymore.
There was a second of panic before her jiggling body started to bobble towards him at an uneven pace. It was almost comical but he felt too vulnerable to feel anything other than a sharp stab of terror that liquified his insides.
Suddenly there was a creature behind her. A contorting body that moved with purpose and rage. It yanked her hair back and plunged the device deep into her skin.
He cringed. There was no need to be so vicious, the device was more efficient from a distance. His conflicting feelings raged against his tired mind. No one was completely faultless, but seeing the hideous side of Kershaw made him lose his hope in humanity.
His chair decelerated. The sudden movement threw him forward. His head thundered back to life. A throbbing pulse of pain made him scream.
‘I want to watch her suffer.’ Kershaw mumbled as she dropped the device and grabbed another.
‘Take me back to Erase,’ Alexander pleaded with her.
‘I will comply,’ her lifeless reply sent shivers down his spine. He knew it would be the last thing he would ever feel.



21



‘I swear I didn’t do it,’ Perry held up his hands and nervously licked his lips. The rabbit warren of corridors was impossible to navigate. Even though all of Cody’s men were in front of him, all the doors out of the maze were locked. Running was impossible in such a tight and sickening mess of passageways. Hiding was also impossible. Every door was either a trap or locked. If he was not careful he would end up walking back into the prison.
‘Ha, just like you didn’t kill Enfield,’ Cody snorted and gestured to his men. ‘This time you’ve gone too far.’
‘Wait why would I kill Novak? I had no reason—’
‘Take him back to the cell.’ Cody ran a hand through his hair. ‘You can’t figure it out, can you?’
‘I tried to kill Enfield, I’ve admitted to that. And the other murders I wasn’t even here yet, how could it be me? I’m not capable of being in two places at once,’ Perry stumbled backwards; he felt sick to his stomach with fear and loathing for his pathetic behaviour. ‘Stop. I can help you, I was a detective.’
‘Under Alexander?’
‘It was a team effort.’ Perry protested. His tummy grumbled and growled at him. It had been too long since his last meal.
The injury that he thought was so clever was now coming back to haunt him. He was so tired that he considered just giving up and letting them take him back to the prison. At least if he was there, they would feed him and give him a place to rest. He did not like small spaces but at least if he was behind a locked door then they could not get to him. It was the only way he would be safe.
‘Okay,’ Cody held up his hand; his men shuffled away. ‘I’ll give you the case notes. You can discourse with Alexander in Erase as needed.’
‘I don’t trust—’
‘No that word doesn’t deserve to come out of your mouth. Just do as you are told,’ Cody yanked the files out of his assistant’s hand and threw them at Perry’s face. ‘You’re on a short leash so make sure it doesn’t choke you.’
‘Thank you for the opportunity sir, you won’t regret it.’ Perry tried to catch the files as they fell. Unsuccessful in every attempt, he reluctantly squatted down and scooped them up. When he lifted his head, the hallway was deserted.
He fell against the shiny wall and slid down to the ground. His heart was thundering around his chest. He did not know what to do. Normally he had someone telling him what to do. He was lost without Alexander. They had thrown him into the persona but he did not have any interest or background knowledge in it. Even Kershaw knew more about being a detective than he did.
The pages were clumped together as if no one had ever separated them let alone read them. He tried to pry them apart but he could no longer feel his fingers. Sweat was dripping onto the pages. He was confused by the files. Everything was digital but they had not given him even one device to use. He felt like it was the first clue in a long list of them that he did not know what to do with.
A slow clap echoed around the space.
He scrambled to his feet and quickly glanced around. It was crucial that he identified the person immediately. If it was another one of his enemies, he was done for. He could no longer pull himself together. His confidence was completely destroyed. All he wanted to do was fade into the background.
‘Well done,’ Raven appeared and peered at the files in his hands. ‘I killed Enfield, Kershaw attacked Novak.’
‘Great case solved,’ he rolled his eyes.
‘Just set someone up to take the fall, you’ve done it before.’
‘Wait, who killed Cynthia?’ Perry gripped the piece of paper and swept his eyes over the information. It bounced off his mind. He could feel the colour drain from his face.
‘Stanley’s mother?’ She frowned, ‘Is she dead?’
‘Accident or… murder,’ his lip trembled.
‘Wow the things you don’t know and don’t care about could fill an ocean.’
‘Wait…’ He bit his tongue and threw the file at her. ‘We don’t need to frame someone three unnamed executives are also dead. Quite viciously I might add.’
She caught the file but refused to look at it.
‘Perry, Raven, tenth floor right now!’ A disembodied voice snapped at them through the air. ‘There’s been another accident.’
‘Would it kill him to say murder?’
‘No but I’ll kill you if you don’t hurry up,’ Cody snapped back. ‘I’m on the tenth floor.’
‘How do we get there?’ Perry scratched his head; he was not even sure what floor he was on.
‘First right, second left, right, right, left, straight, right, left, small door on your left, right, big door on your left, right. Left twice, right once. Right?’
‘Wow, no didn’t catch that.’ Perry shook his head in disbelief. ‘Those words don’t even make sense in that order.’
‘I got it,’ Raven grabbed his arm and dragged him forward. ‘How can you survive in this world if you don’t know what’s right?’



22



Alexander skipped around the grass. It was a wonderful feeling of freedom that he had never felt before. The contrast was so antithetic that he appreciated the environment this time around. Instead of feeling fake, he felt free. Anything was better than the restriction his body had opposed on him. He had never been so limited by his own body before; every part of his body felt like it was dying, every sensation had been unpleasant. In their fake world he was divine; but in the real world, he was nothing.
‘Would you stop that please,’ Novak snapped. ‘I’d like to have a quiet death.’
‘Aw you’re in for a long wait,’ he snorted before he let out a small giggle, ‘apparently she wanted you to suffer first. I wonder why? Do you know?’
‘Come on Zoe’s insides were liquid, she was fading away before your eyes. Don’t be bitter just because you wasted your time with her and don’t pretend that she could have come back.’ She smirked; it was her turn to twist the knife. ‘You couldn’t.’
‘No I just love this place too much to leave for too long.’ He sighed. ‘I see you don’t know why, guess you never will then.’
‘Funny, but soon you will crave life, even a maimed one.’
‘My injuries will heal?’ He lost confidence in his words half-way through and ended up questioning himself more than anyone else. It was hard to ignore the sensations of restriction and pain that had enveloped him. No one knew how badly he had suffered. He wondered if they even cared enough to check how critical his injuries where before they pulled him out. The only thing they seemed to care about was what they needed.
‘Will they?’ She pouted and winked. ‘Who said?’
He collapsed onto the grass and stared at the sky. His life had been a swirling pit of trauma. There was no part of it that he could look back on and be proud of. The decisions he had made were terrible. He assumed that his life was a waste of time but in reality he had wasted it.
‘You didn’t think this through, we’ll be guarded, rescues a long way off. In the meantime,’ she chuckled. ‘You’re stuck with me.’
‘It wasn’t my decision. If you must be bitter, at least direct it at the right person.’
‘I can’t! So you’ll have to do, for now at least.’
‘Wonderful,’ he sighed. She was starting to really annoy him. But Erase was not an endless void of entertainment. It was a prison. They were stuck with each other until one of them gave up and faded away. He closed his eyes and tried to ignore her.
‘How was your childhood?’
The silence made her talk even more fervently.
‘I was top in everything but of course, I wasn’t from a legacy line. So I had to work and fight my way there and even then I was only allowed to get so far. And my sister was always one step ahead of me, only because she was older, you know? How they act so superior because they are at a different stage in life. So they know what’s going to happen and they spoil life for you. Just let me live my life. I don’t need you to tell me how good I have it or how bad life is going to become. Honestly give me a break. Anyway I got a job that she didn’t and she was fuming because she always thought she was smarter, prettier and better than me. I could just tell by the way she was treating me, like nothing. Well I worked a nothing job and worked my way up to the top of my field but she died before I could rub it in her face. I think Zoe was to thank for that and then I killed her oops. Was I meant to thank her or slap her one? Totally forgot about it really. Guess she didn’t mean that much to me after all. Yeah. I mean don’t get me wrong she was my only family and maybe sometimes I could stand her but not very often and never for long. So in the end was I meant to be thankful. You know what I mean? She knew I was better than her right. When you saw her and interacted with her, she was old and tired looking. Wasn’t happy. For sure I was better in every way. Tell me the truth! When you first saw her and me, you were attracted to me more than her, right?’ She continued to talk without waiting for his response; his face was contorting in disgust but she was not paying any attention to him. ‘Even though look at me know. We have come full circle. They will erect a statue for me and not her though. Do you agree? You understand what I’m saying, right? Glad someone does. How was your childhood?’
‘Not bad.’
‘Really?’ She looked at him and smiled. ‘What did you do?’
He opened one of his eyes and stared at her, ‘Ran mostly. How about you?’
‘Competitively, me too.’
‘No, I was running away from the people that were trying to kill me.’
‘Oh,’ she bit her lip and frowned, ‘Anyone I know?’
‘I didn’t ask. At the time I was a little out of breath to question their motives.’
‘You swapped identities with a little raven,’ she chuckled. ‘Of course they wanted to kill her at the time. She gained more from it than you. Did she lie to you?’
‘No I knew what I was getting into, I just didn’t care.’
‘About?’
He stared at her. Unsure whether he felt more comfortable when she was listening or when she was talking. Either way he was becoming more and more exhausted in her company.
‘Great she’s still here,’ Perry raised an eyebrow.
‘What the?’ Her jaw dropped.
‘Boss,’ he ignored her and walked straight to Alexander. ‘We have another murder. Erase program show unnamed master one.’
Alexander jumped to his feet as Erase rippled into a grand room with gold trim. The gaudy interior was over the top.
‘I know what you’re thinking you can’t buy taste.’
‘Entry point.’ Alexander ignored the insipid joke and focused on the crime scene. The coloured glass looked cheap. All the artificial lights that shone behind it did nothing for the illusion of natural light. It was paired with a fake layer of chalky brick and flaky golden leaf. The walls looked like they were made out of cardboard. At any moment the whole structure could collapse.
The floor was a flaky layer of fake marble slabs. A substance had eaten away at it. It looked like the murder was a second thought. The first goal seemed to be to destroy all of the false decorations. To expose the person for who they really were, a fake.
‘One.’
‘I take it the red isn’t a colour choice?’
Perry pressed a button. The original room was displayed for a few moments before it went back to the crime scene.
‘Murder weapon?’
‘Almost everything in the room that wasn’t bolted down.’
‘Vicious,’ Alexander walked around the crime scene. Every object had been moved, was broken or had been used as a weapon. He hovered his hand underneath the shredded curtain. The person had gone out of their way to systematically destroy every thread.
‘So not preplanned or perhaps the person doesn’t have access to any other weapons and must improvise?’
Alexander’s forehead crinkled, ‘Have you studied the room before the murder?’
‘Not at all sir, that was the first time I’ve seen it.’
‘Because?’
‘Security risk.’
‘Hm,’ Alexander pondered the picture in his head. His mind had perfectly recreated it. He flipped through it as he tried to piece together what they wanted to hide. It felt like it was more symbolic than anything else.
‘Thoughts?’
‘As if he knows,’ Novak folded her arms.
‘Suspect list?’
Perry nodded towards a wall. Suddenly a list of names flashed up onto the golden walls. The names were rapidly appearing and disappearing just as quickly.
‘Wait. Isn’t Stanley in Erase headquarters?’ Alexander frowned.
‘Yes but he’s in jail.’
‘So? Everyone is on the list until we can exclude them.’ He scratched his chin. ‘Why isn’t Novak on this list?’
‘What?’ She squeaked.
‘Can’t have been her sir.’
‘Why?’
‘She was dead at the time.’
‘And the murders that were committed when she was alive. Can you confirm that they were all the same killer? Because I know for a fact that at least two of them were—’
‘Stop,’ Perry’s eyes darted around nervously. ‘I’ve already taken them into account but you have a point, sorry sir.’
‘Are they motioning this conversation?’ Alexander frowned.
‘Sir?’
‘You’ve not been this obedient since you were pretending to be someone else and even then you had more personality.’
‘Cynthia was my mentor. I don’t have time for games, I just want to find this piece of—’
‘Ah a chink in an otherwise perfect armour, well I never.’
‘Please help.’
‘Why?’
‘You have just as much to lose if not more so.’ Perry wiggled the file in front of Alexander’s face. As he glanced at it, the information was seared into his memory.
‘I’m already dead, what more is there to lose?’
‘If you had any sense you would never ask such a question.’ Novak snapped before she circled around them. Her eyes were dangerous like a cornered animal that was desperate to survive.
‘They can bring you back. Eventually,’ Perry mumbled.
‘Who says I want to go back?’
‘You don’t?’
Alexander inhaled, ‘Novak, where were you when all the murders happened?’
‘You can’t be serious?’
‘The victims deserve justice,’ he grabbed the file.
‘There were no victims, not here, not in this place. Don’t you know a vulture when you see one?’
‘Where were you?’
‘And what do I have to lose at this point, I’m already dead. Have been for a long time now,’ her eyes were normally so lifeless but suddenly there was a spark to them that was never there before. They were scarier now than ever before. He found it difficult to place the emotion behind them. Either they were consumed with regret or something more sinister that he could not decipher.
He raised his eyebrows as he skimmed the file. ‘Actually they can bring you back.’
‘Liar.’
‘Kershaw didn’t want to kill you, she wanted you to suffer. And what better way than to be completely fine but betrayed by your own. They will not let you out, ever.’
‘I’m going to kill her.’
‘Speaking of…’
‘No. I tried to set Perry up for the attempted murder of Enfield but Raven—’
‘Okay,’ he cut her off. It was an instinct that he was trying to shake but he could not stop trying to help Raven. His actions were not subtle but he was past the point of caring. They both needed him. In that moment, nothing else mattered.
‘Get me out.’
‘Is that all you can tell us?’
She stared into his eyes.
Every inch of his body was tingling with apprehension. One false move and the lie would be exposed. It was very taxing to his already overloaded circuits.
‘There were twelve executives that approved all the operational moves for the past four decades. Guess what?’
‘They are all dead.’
‘Exactly. That’s a lot of possible motives for a lot of different people. Including you two. Now get me out. Because I’ve been a member for seventeen years.’
‘You’re a potential victim?’
‘What’s happening?’ Her voice trembled as she stared at her fading hand.
‘I lied.’



23



‘That brings the total of deaths up to thirteen,’ Perry stood over Novak’s lifeless body. The room felt like a coffin. There was no space to move, every inch was full. His eyes flickered over the sad scene. A flimsy frame, a flat mattress and the equipment to sustain a person in Erase. The room was used for people who had no chance of survival. Like Enfield before her, they had both died in that bed. Being so close to it, gave him the creeps.
The only thing he could remember about her was her squeaky voice and untameable mane. His mind was blank. It felt like he should know her. They had spent so much time together yet he did not recall ever speaking about anything other than work.
‘Who had access to this floor?’
‘Everyone. She was going to die anyway, so what’s the point?’ Raven’s hair was dishevelled. She was limping. He wondered what she had been through and if she would ever tell him the truth.
‘We have a window, seventeen years ago. The executives that retired before that time are all still alive.’ Perry parroted back the information he had memorised. ‘And the rest were all in power at the same time within that year, seventeen years ago. Now they are all dead.’
‘A years worth of life altering decisions. That’s a lot of motives.’
‘Exactly what she said before she died,’ he mumbled. The image of Novak going straight through Alexander was still seared in his mind as her pitiful screams faded away along with her image. Instead it was replaced by the mutilated form and an atrocious stench.
‘Alexander really tricked her?’ She seemed hesitant to believe the slander.
‘I’m glad I didn’t kill anyone he loved, the boy was vicious. He saw she was fading away. But she was too distracted to notice, talk about kicking someone when they are down.’ He shivered. The years he spent hiding behind others had taken away his killer instinct. Now he just wanted a quiet life.
‘More vicious than this?’ Raven tapped the wires. ‘They could’ve just yanked on these instead they…’
‘Yeah with a device.’
‘That’s dark.’
‘She was awake when she was attacked. Bled,’ he swallowed as he imagined himself in Novak’s place. ‘Slowly.’
‘The alarm?’
‘Disabled.’
‘You need to go back to Erase and talk to Alex.’
‘I don’t, you go,’ Perry went pale; he could feel his energy starting to fade away. The secret was a terrible burden. Unfortunately he felt like he would be the one to carry it alone. Somehow that thought scared him more than anything else ever could.
‘They’ll guard your body so this doesn’t happen to you.’
‘Um.’
‘Do you think they will target you?’
‘I’m not known for my bedside manner, for seventeen years I was in charge of… well,’ he wondered if she was allowed to know.
They stared at each other. He knew he could not stop the words coming out of his mouth once the first word was uttered.
She studied his face. The moment lingered on as she tried to decipher his body language.
‘Let’s just say I ruined people’s lives and leave it at that.’ He gulped back his fear.
‘Okay,’ she shrugged away her suspicious. ‘I’ll go instead, just need to clear it with Cody.’
They could only fight one enemy at a time. His saving grace was the fact that Cody hated her more.
‘Clear what?’ Cody stormed into the room and sneered, ‘So far you’ve been a disappointment perhaps I should send you to Erase permanently, no?’
Perry shrunk back.
‘Then do better.’
‘That won’t be necessary. We think Perry is the next target so I’m going to Erase to brief Alex while he stays here with a guard and the files.’
‘Why do we have paper copies of these files, sir, has there been a security—’
‘Go,’ Cody yanked her arm and pushed her to the door before he walked away.
‘Don’t ask questions that you shouldn’t know the answers too. And especially don’t ask for answers that you shouldn’t know the questions too,’ Raven patted Perry’s shoulder and disappeared.
He closed his eyes and listened for their footsteps. Even though there was a man outside the door, he made no attempt to enter or interact with him. Instead he concentrated on their footsteps until he could no longer hear anything.
‘Thank you for taking my death,’ Perry whispered to Novak as he glanced around; they were alone so he moved closer. ‘I feel your death as if it was my own.’



24



‘Perry’s in trouble,’ Alexander said the words before Raven had fully appeared. The buzzing hum of Erase was more irritating than the monotonous environment. He held onto his head as he tried to concentrate. His thoughts and feelings were starting to jumble into one big block of confusion. Erase was so invasive. It was burrowing deep into his psyche with every passing moment it took more and more from him.
‘What makes you say that?’ Raven handed him a file then stepped back. Her image was blurry. There was no way for him to tell what she truly thought. He was starting to forget what she even looked like.
‘Are you wary of me too?’
‘Unconsciously maybe.’ She chewed the back of her finger. It was a strange thing to do. Her hair looked like it was standing on end. As if she had just received an electric shock.
He watched in awe. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he was starting to question his reality. If he could be so easily manipulated in Erase, he wondered if he was even talking to her.
She was waiting for him to respond.
‘Wasn’t all a lie, was it? She wasn’t that badly injured,’ he muttered the justification but it did not make him feel any better. Their interaction was tense. He was the one who was making it awkward but he could not trust her enough to relax into the conversation. Instead he stayed inside his mind.
‘Look at the file,’ she shuffled towards him and hovered her hand above his shoulder.
The gesture was not comforting, it just reinforced the atrocious feeling that had consumed him.
‘She was murdered.’
He felt a stab of guilt, ‘Were my words the last ones she heard?’
‘No, the murderer made it slow. Painful.’
‘Hm,’ he was pensive.
‘All actions have consequences.’ She dropped her hand. ‘Will it always be like this?’
‘Like what?’
‘For years I felt so far away from you like you had a wall around your heart that only I wasn’t allowed to enter but now even a simple gesture is impossible. Somehow it feels worse.’ She mumbled the words into her collar.
‘It’s fine, you can go back now. I have the information. Next time you can just input it straight into Erase. There is no need for you to come back.’ He grabbed his jaw and pushed his hand over his mouth. It took all the energy he had not to comfort her. Instead he doubled down on the distant behaviour. All he could think about was the fact that it was fake. It consumed him.
‘Don’t do that.’
Alexander ignored her.
‘Push me away.’
The information swirled around in his head. He looked up to respond but she was gone. There was no way to get her to come back. He had squander his time with her and now he was not in a position to undo it. Powerless and grumpy, he lost the energy he needed to stand.
He fell backwards. There was no impact on his back as he landed on the grass. The virtual reality had some drawbacks but at least he could no longer feel physical pain.
‘You know who the murderer is, don’t you?’ Jeff stood over him.
‘I think I do.’
‘What’s stopping you?’
‘It’s only my opinion, the evidence is circumstantial.’ Alexander mumbled, ‘And truthfully they deserve their dark fate a million times over, am I right?’
‘Hard to influence the world when you are not part of it.’
‘Speaking from experience?’
‘Is this an interrogation or a confession?’
‘Depends.’
‘On.’
‘You.’
‘Don’t waste my time.’
‘Why? What else are you going to do?’
‘I’ll tell you what I refuse to do, I won’t confess my crimes like a little puppy dog seeking your approval.’
Alexander suppressed the laughter. Even after all this time he knew how to rile Jeff. He could almost time the explosive reaction to a millisecond. There was a list of things he had to do. But the only thing he wanted to do was annoy Jeff. It felt familiar and oddly comforting.
‘Think of all the bad things you were told not to do and I probably did them all.’
‘I lack the imagination, why don’t you just tell me?’
‘And I lack patience so why don’t you just shut up!’ Jeff’s emotions were like a punch to the gut.
There was real power in Jeff’s reaction. It made Erase splutter and glitch.
‘Everyone starts out so innocently. Oh, butter doesn’t melt in my mouth. Well guess what I never was. With time I’ve gotten jaded with it all and now I refuse to fake it. It gets stuck on my tongue and I can’t be bother choking it down anymore.’
‘You’re not just talking about yourself, are you?’
‘No, we are all like this and it’s time you acknowledge that, even your precious Raven. You see it in her now because she’s old. Her masks don’t work anymore. Wake up.’
‘And me?’
‘Playful, yes, purposefully malicious, no.’
‘Maybe you don’t see me because I’m the best of you all. King of the fakers.’
‘It’s not in you so stop pretending. Stop looking for trouble. I can see you torturing yourself over the smallest of things. It’s not your fault. Novak was not your fault. Zoe. Everybody else that was hurt, killed. Not your responsibility.’
‘You won’t free yourself from your past but you want to free me? I know you don’t care about it. But it will still eat you up.’ Alexander was confused by it all. Perhaps he had judged Jeff too harshly in the past. Or perhaps the small moment of humanity was all Jeff had left. With it he would fade away forever.
‘I’m not kind stop looking for it within me,’ Jeff snorted. ‘It doesn’t exist here.’
‘What is it that you want from me then? Why say such words? What do you want in return?’
‘Are you investigating my death?’
‘No.’
‘Oh you know who killed me but you just don’t care. Because once upon a time I was responsible for the murders of people you cared about.’ He rolled his eyes. ‘Or would’ve cared about if only you had the chance to know them. A chance that I cruelly stole from you. Took their lives, their gift to the world, their time.’
‘I do.’
‘What?’
‘I know.’
‘Where is my justice then?’ Jeff’s eyes were blank. There was so much emotion beyond them but it could not be expressed, not in this form.
They were both victims of the system. For some reason Alexander could not empathise. As if Jeff’s consent and agreement with them invalided his experiences. He had jumped to the side of the murderers with a big smile on his face. Instead of being tortured by empathy or remorse. He was enthralled by the destruction he could cause. The power he held was only available by force. A fact that he not only knew all too well but also enjoyed. Like the damage he suffered was alleviated if everyone else was suffering the same fate as him.
Alexander shook his head. The hypocritical behaviour was a repulsive annoyance. But it was one that refused to leave his side. No matter which one of them he talked too, they all had the same distorted thinking. It was infuriating to be stuck with them. There seemed to be a never ending stream of selfish creatures. They burnt up the spaces they inhabited but there was no sanctuary from them, just more of the same. He sighed.
It had already been too long. Raven’s torture had backfired onto him. He wondered if she ever thought of his feelings. The consequences for the actions she took latched onto him. It was almost worth the pain and effort to come out of Erase just to be as far away from Jeff and his grief as humanely possible.
‘I want justice. You need to hunt her. To the ends of the earth if necessary. Promise me that you will punish her for this!’
‘Where the wolves lay, justice does not.’



25



‘You have an endless supply of corrupt cattle ready to replace the maimed, lamed, and dead.’ Raven pressed her back against the narrow corridor; there was nowhere to hide. ‘Why do you care if you lose a couple here and there?’
Cody pushed past his men and jammed his fingers into her forehead. Instead of resisting she sidestepped. He tumbled into the wall with a loud thud.
The partition of men charged towards her but Cody held up his hand then cradled his nose. Their necks twisted around awkwardly as they honed in on their master’s command.
She looked around the obedient hoard to the one person that was not moving. The name was on the tip of her tongue. She was sure that she knew him. His mask was a frustrating barrier to his true self. She looked away before he found more out about her than she could ever find out about him in that state.
‘You’re about to be lame in a minute,’ he snorted as he cradled his eyebrow ridge. A red mark was slowly appearing across it. He was leaning heavily on the wall.
‘I know you think you have an endless supply of people willing to help you and others willing to become your drones. But at this rate, you will run out then who will help you?’ She scoffed.
There was already one person that was not loyal.
She was intrigued. Secretly she was hoping that it was not an anomaly and that it was just a matter of time before they all turned against him. The thought excited her.
‘Just remember I know who you killed, shall I list them for you? Rex, Jeff, Enfield and perhaps more. If you can’t find the murderer I will pin this all on you.’
‘Good luck with that defence when the real killer comes knocking at your door.’ She shrugged. ‘Besides everyone knows my reputation, I have to keep up appearances.’
There was complete silence. Cody’s men did not know whether to attack her or stay still. Their discomfort was on show. All she had to do was look at their straight backs and twitching fingers. If they did not predict and successfully carry out what he wanted then they would all be punished. She watched them carefully but could see no signs that they were attacking.
Internally she breathed a sigh of relief. She had not insulted him or said something she could not come back from. Unfortunately she could see no signs of defiance either.
‘Whatever, go find your partner.’
‘Oh,’ she glanced around the faceless strangers. ‘Where is Perry? And what’s with their uniforms, how do you tell them apart? You could have a murderer in your very ranks.’
‘Numbers,’ he pointed at his employee’s chests. ‘Like any good owner, they also wear my name inside their skin.’
Raven was about to respond instead she found herself clambering to catch a flying object. The device looked like the one she had created but the mark was an odd colour.
A beeping sound echoed off the narrow walls. Suddenly all the medical details from Cody’s men were projected into her mind. She flipped through them all but none of them were anywhere near any of the crimes scenes. Her blood ran cold. The thought of betraying their cruel master never crossed their minds. She gasped. The level of detail was chilling, words failed her.
‘Trust is overrated, control is what you should strive for,’ he smiled when he saw her jaw drop. ‘We all influence each other but unfortunately it’s never in a good way. How we wish it was, the delusional that is. Me I am above it all. Looking down and laughing at you all scurrying around like idiots. Copying a copy of a copy and never knowing how to be original.’
She ignored the direct attack and looked for a way to escape the situation. Normally he was in a rush and could not spare a minute but today it seemed like he had all the time in the world. Unfortunately he wanted to spend it torturing her.
‘No you don’t have one. It’s a choice not a demand, because it has to be.’
‘Yuck,’ she was finally able to spit out the words. ‘That’s so invasive. How do you stand it?’
‘Now you know why you will never be part of us. Because you don’t really want to be a part of this.’
‘If I controlled this world it would be better.’
‘Cocky.’
‘No confidence in my abilities and knowledge. Plus I have experience with incompetent imbeciles present company included in that.’
As one the men moved towards her. A faceless mass of obedience that she would never control. Suddenly she realised which man was missing from the files. She glanced back and saw Nett was standing still. As before he did not move with the group. His file was missing but Cody did not seem to be aware of that fact. It was as if Nett had found the only weakness Cody had and was fully exploiting it.
‘Careful,’ he snickered. ‘Their loyalty is to me only.’
‘Well that’s useless,’ she chewed her lip. Her hunch was confirmed, his arrogance would be his downfall.
‘I know what you’re thinking, I can use his arrogance against him. There seems to be one thing you are overlooking my dear.’
‘What would that be?’
‘A person who can read minds doesn’t need to fear mortals. It’s natural for those beneath me to get ideas about climbing over my corpse to reach the top. Let them dream of something. Fight for it even. They will never win and they know it, the smart ones anyway. It’s just a waste of time. All of it really.’ He pointed at their helmets and smiled. ‘As long as they wear what is mine, I don’t care if their mind isn’t. On the outside they belong to me. Bonus for the inside but not wholly necessary.’
‘Don’t you have something else you could be doing?’
‘At the moment, no.’
‘Can you leave?’
‘No.’
‘Will you leave?’
‘Eventually.’
‘Why not now?’
‘Because you desperately want me too.’
She dropped down to her haunches and rested her head on her shoulder. Content to pretend until he left.
‘You have work to do, get up and do it.’ He placed a food pack on her head.
Her stomach grumbled. It felt like it was eating itself. She could not remember the last time she ate, she had never eaten real food only goop. For some there was never a time when they were not completely controlled, for others they remembered a semblance of freedom. But even that was starting to abandoned their feeble minds.
‘Up I said and don’t make them repeat it for you,’ he revelled in his words and breathed in so deeply that his mouth noises made her want to vomit. ‘With their fists.’
‘People like you push and push until your victim stands their ground or you push them off a cliff.’
‘Manipulative people don’t back down, if you stand your ground they just push you from one side then the other and so on and so forth until you can’t take it anymore and you jump off the cliff.’
She let the food pack fall to the ground with a thud. Hungry eyes watched it as it fell.
Cody raised an eyebrow, ‘You’re not above it. Behave or there will be consequences!’
‘Show me them then. You’ve given me enough chances, now show me what you mean.’
Cody laughed. ‘You aren’t a threat to me. Find a threat to my power and start with that. Or your revenge might be taken by another.’
‘Guess the first step to stealing your power is to remove the leech.’
‘What’s that suppose to mean?’
‘Fire.’



26



‘Why is Jeff here?’ Perry watched his enemy walk as far away as the virtual reality would allow. The environment was just as harsh as he remembered. He tried to shake the feeling. Somehow he felt safer in Erase. It felt like it was not the place but the person he was with. There was no comfort in Erase before Alexander and it felt like there would be no comfort after he was gone.
‘You, why are you here?’ Alexander’s forehead crinkled. ‘I told Raven just to send the file.’
‘We need to talk privately.’
‘Good luck with that.’ He scoffed. His skin was glowing. An unnatural colour that made him look ethereal. It was difficult for Perry to match the two images together. In reality his skin was dry with a grey tinge. His health had decline to the point where a machine was the only link he had to the land of the living.
‘There’s a fire in the server room.’
‘Ah that’s why my house is glitching,’ Alexander’s downturned mouth made his words seem so sad. ‘Well say it then.’
‘I’m next.’ Perry whispered. It felt like he was doomed, Alexander was the only person he trusted. Someone that was so close to death in mind and body was his only lifeline. He feared that Alexander’s fate would be a picnic compared to his. All of his enemies were in one place and that place was the one he was currently stuck in.
‘Every action has a consequence, sometimes many more than seems fair, it might be delayed but make no mistake it’s coming. From other people’s action too, not just your own.’
‘I’m not that naive that I didn’t see it coming, it’s just, well you always assume you have more time.’
‘Who is it?’
‘Don’t know,’ Perry mumbled as he fought back the tears. Vulnerability was an emotion that was foreign to him and he wished that it had remained that way.
‘How do you know you’re next then?’ Alexander scrubbed his face with his hand. The action was redundant in Erase. But its purpose was to communicate to Perry something that words could not express.
‘The time frame,’ he closed his eyes as he tried to forget but the memories kept burrowing their way to the surface. ‘The bad decision I made, it was seventeen years ago.’
‘Bad decision or decisions?’
‘Huh?’
Alexander let it go and moved on. ‘Could’ve been anytime between now and then.’
‘No I know it was seventeen years ago,’ he knew he would never be able to escape it. It lay underneath the surface. For years it had corrupted him further. He thought he could not sink any lower but he was wrong. There was no such thing as rock bottom. The pit he was in was endless and once he was in there was no way out.
‘Why?’
‘Because it was bad.’
‘A reset bad or just a bad decision.’ The way Alexander worded it, it sounded like he thought Perry did not have a soul.
‘You must think me so wicked,’ he mumbled before he cleared his voice and raised the volume. ‘Mistake, that ruined everything and set us back years.’
‘Oh you lost your position because of it, not because your blood isn’t Enfield?’
‘Correct.’ He waited with bated breath. The fractured memories bombarded his brain. He did not want to be left alone with all of the tumultuous feelings rattling around inside his brain. Now he feared the silence, the dark because his biggest fear was himself. If Alexander knew the truth, Perry could never face him again.
‘What was it?’
‘That doesn’t matter,’ he shook it away; for now he could not face himself let alone the words that would destroy him. ‘The point is Cody Enfield wormed his way in.’
‘And he is worse than…’
‘Than anything you can ever imagine.’
‘Why?’
‘Because he’s not human.’ Perry bit his lip and tried to slow down his heart rate. Somehow the words were leaking out without his permission. If he did not calm down then there was no telling what he might say or do. He had never been so frightened of his own mind before. It was a feeling that froze him to the spot. He glanced up and saw Alexander’s sharp eyes analysing his every move.
It was just a matter of time before the truth was out. But there was no way he could say the words. They were stuck at the back of his throat and he could not dislodge them. Just like he could never shake away the dread that coated his mind since that fateful day.
‘In what way?’
‘He was created in the lab by Lipowski and Novak,’ he swallowed back the rest of the words. Even though they would never know what he had said. It was forbidden to talk about it. The idea was embedded so deeply in his mind that he felt fearful and horrible for uttering the words. He did not care what it took he needed to censor himself or he could not live with it. If he was found out the punishment was so severe that he would be better off dead.
‘That’s nothing new.’
‘But he is, is tainted.’
‘I can’t help you if I don’t know what is going on.’ Alexander touched Perry’s forearm. The gesture was not felt physically but emotionally it was enough to steady Perry.
‘They damaged the prefrontal cortex, the prefrontal cortex, do you know what that means?’ Perry asked the question even though the answer was obvious. It looked like Alexander knew he was trying to stall for time. They stared at each other for what felt like an eternity but nothing changed.
‘Yes.’
‘It was targetted in such a way that he can understand everything but feel nothing.’
‘Go on,’ Alexander leaned forward.
‘He was conditioned with food and shelter to do everything for the company. His survival is contingent on Erase. He is Erase. If it dies so does he.’
‘Can’t imagine the feeling,’ Alexander’s eyes sparkled with mischief.
Perry was taken aback.
‘How did you taint him?’
The question unnerved Perry. It was a shock to his system after Alexander had lightened the mood, he harshly dragged it back down again.
‘Shall I answer?’ Alexander shook his head.
‘No you don’t know, if you did, there would be bags under your haunted eyes.’ He bit his lip and cringed. ‘They can’t sleep anymore. There is no shelter for our troubled minds. Unfortunately there never was.’



27



Alexander stared into Jeff’s eyes and wondered how long he would last. The environment was starting to degrade. They had been stuck in the same spot, face to face for hours. Without the server room, Erase was struggling to cope. They could not move. He wanted to be angry with Raven but he knew he could not be. If it destroyed Cody then his life did not matter.
‘You know something, I never liked you. From the first moment I saw you, I looked away. I wanted you to disappear from air around me,’ Jeff stared back as if he knew that it was their last moments. ‘To the last, why did it have to be you?’
‘Same.’ He stared straight ahead and wondered if that was really all Jeff had to say.
The electricity in the air was suffocating. There was no more space for them. A glitching mess of colours and high-pitched frequencies were starting to mess with their minds. It was becoming harder to focus. There were too many distractions competing for their attention. The most important moments of their lives were wasting away. As the seconds ticked away, he just wanted it all to be over. There was no time for regret or anguish, there was only a never-ending moment. One he feared he would be stuck in for eternity.
The psychedelic colours blurred into one. Jeff stared into the warped distance and opened his arms for an invisible embrace.
‘Are you just going to stand there? Aren’t you going to fight, do something, try something, anything? You are really just going to give up?’ Alexander was so disgusted by it all that he looked away. ‘What the? Unbelievable.’
‘Take me.’
‘What happened to your verbose nature?’ Alexander looked back at Jeff but his eyes were closed as if he was relishing a hug from an invisible force.
‘There is no time for it.’
‘Refreshing.’
‘How old do you think Cody is?’ Jeff opened his eyes and stared towards the sky.
‘About forty-five.’
‘He’s seventeen.’
‘Wow rough life.’ Alexander scratched his head; the number just kept coming up in every conversation he had. ‘Not sure I believe you.’
‘You have no idea.’ Jeff grabbed Alexander’s shoulders and forced him to stare into his eyes. They were inches away from each other. His veiled eyes were suddenly delicate. A moment of humanity that would soon pass.
Alexander resisted the urge to swat Jeff’s hands away. ‘Tell me the truth.’
‘Cynthia and Perry made Cody,’ he whispered the words so softly that they were almost inaudible.
‘Not Lipowski and Novak?’
‘The DNA and the idea from Perry. Erase was unstable it needed a creature to feed off. But the creature had a ferocious appetite and somehow it was worse than Erase. Together they became something you can’t even imagine. A vortex of pain and suffering that needed to be quenched but never could be. What they are can never be, it doesn’t exist by itself. Its something that can’t sustain itself. If you stop feeding it, it fades away. They knew that but it didn’t stop them trying to save their experiment.’ Jeff whispered the words. ‘And in the process, they doomed us all.’
‘Empathy is so hard to find nowadays.’
‘Indeed. And all the victims that we fed to it, they weren’t enough. It will never be enough.’ Jeff faded away but his words still echoed in Alexander’s ears.
‘I know you’re listening Perry, do it if you dare, kill me too if it makes you feel better. But it won’t change anything.’ Alexander looked at his hand as it started to fade away. ‘Nothing will change unless you do.’



28



‘What the hell are you doing?’ Raven slammed her body into Perry’s. They tumbled to the ground. A sprawling mess of limbs and blood. She cradled her head. In her haste she had slammed into him with too much force. He was already injured and now they both were.
Her face was inches away from the sharp edge of the metallic slab. The machine was still beeping erratically. A spattering of blood was seeping into her skin. She tried to trace it back to its source. But as far as she could tell, she was not injured.
‘What are you doing?’ As soon as Perry stirred, he was screaming at her. ‘You destroyed the only link he had to life. Why won’t you let me put him out of his misery?’
‘Oh? When did you become so altruistic?’ She narrowed her eyes and sneered, ‘What do you gain from his death? Spit it out!’
‘Silence.’
‘Touch him again and I’ll cut it off.’ She glanced up at Alexander’s monitor and breathed a sigh of relief. His mind had not severed the link. Even Jeff had given up and his injury was a scratch in comparison to the severity of Alexander’s.
Perry rolled onto his back. Blood had seeped into his clothes. It looked like his wound had reopened.
She wondered who would win if they fought again.
‘What off? My hair, my clothes, going to chew on my shoe, gnaw at my last brain cell, my—’
‘Take your pick but either way it’s going to be unpleasant.’ She hissed out the words but her insides were churning. The fear was stuck to her clammy skin. All he had to do was take one look at her and he would see her vulnerability.
‘Point taken,’ he raised his hands and shuffled back on his haunches.
‘Why?’
‘He knows my secret.’
‘That bad huh?’
‘You don’t want to know it?’
‘Not really.’ She screwed up her face. ‘That’s your business which means it’s none of mine.’
He seemed taken aback by her indifference.
‘You can go now.’
‘Oh whatever, Cody’s mine.’
‘Sorry for your loss.’
‘He’s dead?’ His lip trembled as his usual tone was overcome with grief.
‘No, I meant for Cynthia.’ She squinted her eyes. In the past he had been unreachable in every sense of the word. Now his fear had caused hairline cracks to appear in his facade. It felt like anything was possible. She pouted as she pondered a way to capitalise on his weakness and ensure Alexander’s safety.
‘A lab experiment nothing more,’ he shook his head.
‘So that look of horror when you found out she was dead that was for you because you knew you were next?’
He looked down, his lip was trembling.
‘Yet you said nothing, why?’
‘Why should I? Is saying something going to magically save me?’ He crinkled his lip. ‘It changes nothing.’
‘Do you want to stop this killer?’ Her adrenaline was starting to fade away. As the fatigue shuddered through her body, her trembling limbs collapsed underneath her. She lifted her head and stare at Alexander. His vitals were fading, with each second she was regretting her decision a little bit more. Erase would never be back to full strength, at least not in his lifetime.
‘Of course what kind of stupid question is that?’ Perry scrambled to his feet and paused by the door.
‘I don’t care about your personal issues. But I do need every detail to solve this case.’
He turned towards her and frowned, ‘Why do you care, why is it so important to you?’
‘If you’re not useful,’ she pulled the device out of her pocket and pressed the button. ‘You’re dead.’



29



‘Perry? Why are you here again?’ Alexander sighed and swatted his image but his arm connected. It sent Perry tumbling backwards. He shuffled forward and stared at Perry’s sprawled body. The difference in strength was egregious. He was shaking with rage as he stood over his enemy.
They were both about to die, he knelt down to help but halted. There was no point in comforting Perry. It was already too late for both of them.
‘Just don’t.’
‘Why?’ Alexander poked Perry with his toe. It started to go numb and felt heavy. There was a weird glitch in the program. A flutter of sensations flowed through him as if he was human again. In his mind he was still in Erase but it felt like his body was in the real world. He rubbed his eyes and tried to focus on what was in front of him. But his eyes could only see a blurry mess of conflicting colours. A representation of the swirling emotions that were fighting to break free from him.
‘Erase is collapsing in on itself.’
‘Are you really here?’ Alexander mind was starting to fade away; he reached out but Perry shuffled away.
‘I’m dead.’
‘The murderer, who was it? We can still solve the case.’
‘Forget the stupid case, nothing matters now,’ Perry held up his hand and stared through it. ‘Now I’m fading away.’
‘We can help—’
‘Who?’ His rage was an untameable force that was projected into Alexander’s mind. ‘It was Raven, a mercy killing I guess.’
‘That doesn’t sound like her.’
‘What she’s not capable of this?’ Perry was flabbergasted, ‘Is that what you are saying, really?’
‘Not what I’m saying. What I mean is why wouldn’t she use you as bait?’
‘Maybe because she was trying to stop me from killing… um never mind. Forget it. Anyway it can’t be a coincidence that I told her my secret and then boom, I find myself here. Why would that happen? If not her then who?’
‘Nothing’s more important than—’
‘Really?’ Perry scoffed. ‘How about if I said I was standing over your body, about to kill you?’
‘It doesn’t matter,’ Alexander shook away his discomfort and took a deep breath, ‘we need to stop—’
‘How noble of you but don’t you see they’re already doomed if they aren’t dead already, they will be soon. If not in body then at the very least in the only way that counts. That place just corrupts you, eats away at you until nothing is left.’ He sounded like he was hyperventilating but that was not possible in Erase. There was no bombardment of emotions from him. Everything was eerily silent. Erase fed off their emotions more than their words. But there were no emotions behind his words.
‘Don’t give up—’
‘Now nothing is left,’ tears flowed down his cheeks until they disappeared because he did.
Alexander placed his hand over the empty grass and stared at the space that was left. ‘You were right, nothing remains.’
‘Did you expect it too?’ Raven whispered.
‘Why did you kill Perry?’
‘Huh? Why do you think Perry is dead? Knocked him unconscious then Cody’s men put him back in prison. Apparently he broke a promise to Cody, don’t ask me what because I don’t know.’
‘Is Stanley still there?’ Alexander ignored the wiggly lines that invaded his vision. There was no way to tell if he was still talking to Raven or if he was gone too. It felt like his heart was being ripped out of his chest and he was forced to watch it beating. A bombardment of conflicting feelings were raging through his brain.
‘Yes.’
‘Anyone else?’ He pressed a finger to his temple but it was not enough to stop Erase from burrowing down into his brain. Even if he made it out alive, he doubted that any part of his mind would remain. He did not want to come out of Erase and be a burden to them.
‘I think they said they put Kershaw in there.’
A stab of panic electrified his body. ‘Please go and see if she’s alright.’
‘Fine.’
‘Why are you here?’ He lost the power to control his speech. Somehow it felt like he was a step back from everything. All he could do was watch Erase disintegrate. It felt like he was being controlled by a thousand different personalities. All the residual thoughts were hounding him. He could not stop them from trying to tear him apart. Instead he focused on Raven’s voice. It would lead him back to reality.
‘Erase is collapsing, I can pull you out.’
‘Or…’
‘Leave you in.’
‘My body?’
‘Fragile.’
‘I see,’ he smiled to himself. It had to be real, it was too devastating to be fake. He tried to hone in on her voice. But they were scratching at his head again.
‘What?’
‘Fading,’ he turned to face her. But she was not where he thought she would be. He was lonely. It did not feel like he was alone. There was an uncomfortable atmosphere that lingered around his brain. He could not escape it.
She reached out to him and brushed her fingertips against his arm. The sensation sent shivers up his arm. There was a burning warmth to her touch that took his breath away. She was not in Erase but he could feel him by his side in the real world. He was not sure if she could hear him or if his words were echoing around Erase only.
A crackling sound filled his ear. It made him feel like something was crawling around in it. Logically he knew it was just the buzz of Erase but somehow it made him feel too disjointed. He could not ignore it as it teared through his hearing and made the left side of his face feel numb.
‘I remember you.’
‘Erase takes the dead true but it also takes the weak, so do me a favour and hold on for as long as you can.’ Raven’s eyes were pits of sadness that flowed down her cheeks and bunched together under her chin. ‘Alex don’t give up. Please.’
He brushed his fingers against her cheek. ‘I already have.’



30



Kershaw threw her head back. It was so heavy that her neck was straining but she did not move. The place was dank and cramped. It was a harsh environment but the company was just as bad. Her eyes were squeezed shut. It took a lot of concentration to pretend to be asleep. She was so uncomfortable that she could not stop the shivers from overtaking her body and betraying her. With each movement, Stanley was losing patience with her.
Even though she did not know him at all, she had a bad feeling when she was with him. Before she had even seen his face, before he had uttered a word; she already knew all she needed to know about him. He was dangerous. Even if he was attractive or charismatic, there was no way he could hide the dark intent that simmered behind his eyes. Every action was a calculated move. There was no genuine feelings behind any of it. It was all a show. One that she did not want to watch but somehow she could not look away from it.
There was a crawling sensation that sporadically made its way around her scalp. She could not tell if bugs were clinging to her or if her mind was starting to go feral. It had been ages since she had last slept more than fifteen minutes at a time. More than a decade since she had a proper meal. There was a food pack beside her but she resisted the urge to eat it. She could not afford to get use to it. Her stomach had shrunk and she was thankful for it. There food packs were specifically designed to play with their bodies. After spending so much time and effort getting the balance right, she was not willing to ruin it with a temporary lapse in judgement.
‘Come on,’ Stanley simpered. ‘This is going to be a very boring day if you don’t talk to me.’
‘It’s nighttime.’ She cringed at the automatic answer and silently cursed herself.
‘Is it?’ He gasped, ‘Yikes. How long have I been there?’
‘There?’
‘Oh I mean here.’
‘Wow you’re going stir-crazy.’
‘Your voice is so soothing.’
‘Shut up.’
His small snorting sounds would have been cute. But the confined space made it inescapable.
She made sure she was as far away from him as humanely possible. A difficult task in such a confined space.
‘Don’t ignore me,’ he rasped. ‘I had a cellmate not too long ago and she ignored me. Guess where she is now?’
‘Dead.’
‘How did you know?’ His eyes gleamed with malice. ‘I can be a great ally but you don’t want me as your enemy.’
‘Why do I get the feeling that it’s the same thing? And that they are all dead.’
His arms flew through the cage and grasped at her ankles. She squeaked and kicked out. Her foot was not connecting with anything. The way he moved made her think he had done it before. With every grab he yanked her closer until her throat was within reaching distance.
The door creaked.
He retracted his arms and relaxed back into his cell.
She scrambled back against the wall. Her heart was racing. The attack was so ferocious but he had stopped so suddenly. Somehow that made her feel even more uneasy.
‘The new lead investigator on the case is… Kershaw,’ Cody walked towards her. She did not realise he had entered the prison until he was standing right next to her.
Her eyes darted to the exit just as Cody’s men piled in. Since their creation they had all been replaced countless times by a string of failures. The only men to have survived in that time were three out of a million. She only recognised three of them: Nett, Fox and Field. Their drive for survival was unyielding. If she got in the way of that then she would suffer a fate worse than death. The rest were a mass of faceless strangers that were capable of anything. She shivered. They were controlled by the most vicious creature alive.
‘You’re the new lead investigator on the case, Kershaw. Get up,’ Cody commanded. ‘Time to go.’
‘I’m a crime scene photographer, you made my job redundant remember?’ Her skin started to crawl at the thought of him needing her. She had seen what happened to the people who helped him. They were all dead, their lives thoroughly torn apart first.
‘Don’t you know it’s not what you know but who you know?’ Fox snapped at her. ‘This is an opportunity to get out of here, why wouldn’t you want that? What are you scheming?’
She pressed her back against the wall. It stuck to her and made her gag. Anything was better than going anywhere with them.
‘Get up!’
‘I don’t see how I can help you,’ she scrambled to her feet. Cody’s words frightened her. She felt safer inside the cell. Her toes inched towards the wall.
‘Alexander requested you.’
She sprinted through the door and almost collided with them, ‘You talked to him. Where is he?’
‘Still in Erase, if you take this job then you can talk to him regularly.’
‘Okay.’
Cody rolled his eyes and pushed her towards the door.
‘What about me?’ Stanley squeaked as he clung onto the bars.
They all ignored him. The room was horrible, it seemed like everyone just wanted to escape it. As if spending a moment more inside of it would eat away at their spirit. It was an unsettling feeling but in the moment she could not place it.
‘You’ll be working with Raven. First case, the cell you were in, Perry was murdered in it.’
‘Huh?’ She could feel the colour drain away from her face. There was no way they had cleaned it. She felt like it was leeching its way into her pores.
‘A pencil.’
‘What?’
‘The weapon was a pencil.’
‘And the other victims?’
He nodded towards one of his faceless companions.
‘Novak device.’ The man’s voice was soulless. ‘Cynthia pen, unnamed thirteen to one various.’
‘I need the specific weapons.’
‘Why?’ Cody snapped. Either he did not care or he was trying to hide the evidence.
‘And identities.’ She sighed, ‘Do you want to know the motive?’
‘Why?’
‘Because that’s the best way to find the killer.’ She bit her tongue and pondered whether or not she should ask the questions. ‘Think what did Perry do with a pencil that Cynthia did with a pen that Novak used a device for?’
‘He signed over his DNA with a pencil as if he could erase it later if he changed his mind,’ Cody rolled his eyes and sneered. ‘Idiot. Cynthia used a pen.’
‘And Novak used a device,’ Raven’s voice echoed around the narrow corridor. ‘The real question Cody is: why you don’t want the motive revealed? Maybe because it reveals your true parentage?’
‘It’s not a secret,’ Cody raised an eyebrow and backed away from Raven. ‘What are you implying?’
‘Not implying anything. I’m saying even if these murders aren’t your doing, they are in your best interest. The person with the biggest motive is you.’
‘Perhaps.’ Cody eyed up Kershaw. ‘Spit it out.’
‘Stanley attacked me,’ Kershaw whispered.
‘And?’
‘You do realise that he probably was the one who killed Perry, right? So what do you want me to investigate exactly?’
‘Lies and slander,’ Cody smirked. ‘Just joking, already knew that, surprised it took you so long to voice it. Investigate? All of it. There are too many pesky killers running around. I need you to rein them in. Can you feel it in the air? Everyone is so restless.’
‘And we can fix it by officially blaming it all on one person?’
‘Like we always do.’
‘Yes as long as the killing stops, they will believe it, like they always do.’
‘And what do you believe?’
‘That as long as there are vicious, self-serving creatures nothing will ever change. So don’t expect it too, just strap in for the ride and by all means enjoy the show.’
‘We want the identities of the unnamed,’ the demand surprised Kershaw the most; she did not mean to be so harsh with her tone. ‘And the murder weapons used.’
Cody grabbed her arm and squeezed. ‘Where the vultures prey, death is aplenty.’



31



‘Who killed you?’ Alexander stared at the victim. Their image was warping along with the program. He frowned. Somehow he was not tied to Erase like the creature in front of him. He was the only thing that was not glitching. It did not make any sense to him, no matter how much he pondered it.
‘I was attacked from behind.’
‘What do you remember?’ He yawned; for the first time ever in Erase he felt tired, like he needed to fight to kept his mouth shut and his eyelids open. ‘The smallest detail no matter how insignificant you think it is could make all the difference.’
‘I don’t know anything.’
He raised an eyebrow, ‘Let’s start with an easy question, what’s your name?’
‘What’s yours?’
‘Memory problems? It’s Alexander,’ he frowned; her behaviour was really strange. It was the first thing he had said. A polite introduction that was not reciprocated. He could understand if she did not hear it but it was the tenth time he had said his name. Still the conversation was not going anywhere. Her words were frustrating. As if she was purposefully wasting his time.
‘Exactly.’
He snapped back, ‘Job?’
‘Who are you?’
‘Not important enough to know, is that what you are getting at?’
‘You said it?’
‘What were you doing at the time?’
‘It was quick.’
‘Why was it quick?’ He felt like his forehead was stuck in a perpetual frown; nothing about the situation made sense. ‘Was there something different about your relationship?’
‘How rude,’ the faceless stranger grinned. ‘Know your place. We are tied to Erase, it is us and we are it. Omnipotent, limitless. You on the other hand are a dreary little mortal. Small-minded in your design. You can thank us later.’
‘Design?’ He bit his tongue and smiled. There was a bit too much force in the action. He could feel the liquid sliding down his chin. The program had never been so realistic before, he could feel the pain radiating from his tongue. Another yawn overtook him and made his head feel heavy. A fuzzy warmth that beckoned him away from Erase, from reality, to a place that was happy.
‘Why would I hide the identity of the murderer?’ The image disappeared before it warped into another form as if someone was trying their hardest to mask the being. ‘Yes I hide information for a living or I did but why would I hide this?’
‘Exactly, there is no need to take this stupid burden to the grave with you. Release it. Before you die and can never speak again.’ He yawned again. The more he tried to focus, the more he lost his train of thought. It felt like someone was purposefully lulling him into a deep sleep. No matter how hard he tried, he could not resist its charms.
‘I’m already dead,’ it chuckled. ‘And my legacy speaks for itself. It will not be tainted by a momentary lapse in rational thought. We are not driven by cheap emotional sentiment.’
‘Why does it feel like I’m interrogating the victim?’ He mumbled and shook his head. In all his years, he had never encountered such a weird situation. It was partly his fault but mostly hers. He could feel his sanity starting to flee from him. His words were warping with every sentence, he was finding it harder to understand what he was saying. But she seemed to understand him perfectly.
‘We are all victims of chance or perhaps of our choices. Regret does not live here and it never will.’
‘How are we not on the same side?’ Alexander snorted in disbelief. The situation was not funny but it was so awkward he could not stop the laughter. He tried to control it. The more he tried the more ferocious it got.
A constricting force grabbed him by the neck and stopped his laughter. She was able to control Erase. It stunned him that someone who was fading so fast could wield such power.
He sighed and scratched his head. Even though the motion was redundant, it made him feel better.
‘Who cares? Catch the murderer and another one will take their place. You can’t tame the human appetite, it will always drink its fill. There will always be those who want more at any cost and once upon a time that was me.’
‘What if they could bring you back?’ He yawned. His eyes were open but he was hovering somewhere between reality and his illusions.
‘I don’t want to go back, I care only about the future.’
‘Who?’
She smirked. ‘Not who, the future. Go back to sleep and when you wake up again you’ll finally understand.’
‘Okay,’ he could feel his blood boiling, ‘what if I said we’re going to start slandering your name, ruining your reputation, destroying what you spent a lifetime building. Will you talk then?’
‘You are a cruel creature, you really do deserve each other.’ She sneered. ‘That is something I would do. But darling I always had more information than you did.’
‘What does that mean? It’s just leverage. You know the thing you used all the time when you…’ Alexander tousled his hair. ‘Feel free to fill in the blanks.’
‘I wish I could be there when you finally realise but at last our time is up.’
It felt like electricity was rippling through Alexander’s body. He expected the stranger to disappear but instead he did.



32



‘It would help if we could see the victim.’ Kershaw stood with her back to the cell. The artificial light reflected the bars onto the wall until they crept up onto the ceiling. Now the jail was not simply in her mind anymore, it had crept into her reality.
There was no point in her being there. Everything was covered and she was not allowed to move a muscle. It felt like he needed her there for appearances only but no one expected her to do anything. Quite the opposite, they just wanted her to stand still and be quiet.
She pondered her next move. Cramp was starting to make the position really uncomfortable. There was a possibility that he would punish her by throwing her into the cell next to the crime scene. The more she thought about it, the more she realised she could get away with more than she could before. They were busy and there was no other place to put her. Anything was better than staying there. Trapped by the fear of what might happen.
‘No contact,’ Cody snapped. It made everyone jump even his own men did not expected him to be so furious.
‘Well look for me then,’ she threw her hands up in exasperation. ‘At any method that would ensure the person was dead before they were locked in.’
‘Why?’ Fox butted in.
‘Someone’s trying to throw us off. Give themselves an alibi. I assume the victim is Stanley, right?’ She pressed her luck.
‘No comment.’
‘Can I know who the victim is?’ Her sarcastic tone was starting to garner attention that she did not want. ‘Would be difficult if I didn’t know that at least.’
‘Is that your professional opinion?’ Field scoffed.
‘Listen you wanted me here so… ah!’ she screamed and stormed out of the narrow room. The consequences did not matter to her anymore. She had reached her limit. No longer able to stomach a second longer in their presence. Especially when they were playing with her.
‘Isn’t it ironic that we crave power yet the person who created Erase just wanted to disappear from existence.’ The soft tone of Cody’s voice surprised her. ‘A simple wish but one that contradicts life itself. How can one grant such a wish? Doesn’t it go against everything? Does it make any sense to anyone? Will it ever?’
She did not dare turn to face him for the fear that he would stop the candid words. The footsteps were quiet but she knew that all of his men were following behind him. They could not help themselves, they had to obey.
‘What putrid vile sludge is this?’ Raven snorted. ‘Oh you’re just speaking your mind. By all means, tell her someone else’s secrets but don’t expect it to end well for you.’
‘Shh,’ Kershaw growled at Raven.
Raven flashed her teeth but it was not a smile. ‘I love you but not as much as I love myself,’ she winked and walked away the same way she came.
‘Okay well fair enough.’ Kershaw sighed and turned around to face him. ‘Some days I can’t tell if she’s helping or hindering. What was the point of that really?’
‘Yeah right she’s helping in the same way people give poison to the ants just because they want to feed them,’ Fox stuck out his bottom lip. ‘How kind.’
She dropped her head into her hands. It was a bad habit of hers to trust anyone, the opposite of Alexander. She naturally wanted to obey which was the opposite of Raven.
‘Don’t be so naive you may lose something you can’t get back.’
‘My life.’
‘No listen,’ Cody screamed before his voice softened. ‘I said something you can’t get back.’
‘Do I want it back?’
‘Perhaps,’ he chuckled. ‘Give it to me and you’ll find out.’
‘No thanks,’ she started to back away. ‘We may walk together for a season but there’s no way we are going in the same direction. I feel like your destination is one where few would choose to go if they knew the true horror that lay behind the guile.’



33



‘Desensitizing me to your departure until in my heart you were already gone and had been for such a long time now. Garbled design, boring creators.’ Alexander’s mumbled words were a strain that his body was struggling with but he could not control his tongue.
Small scratches and little snorts were escaping from a creature beside him. The faint gasps came from a fuzzy mound that was inflating and deflating just as quickly. An anxious demeanour that relaxed only in his presence.
‘The room was locked.’
‘Why?’
‘No darling. Just feeding my ants.’ She jumped up and dangled precariously over him, ‘Have you come back to me?’
His skin was itchy. A pale pink covered his arms while a scathing red enveloped his hand. His blurry vision was unreliable. He still felt like he might be in Erase. Yet the pain was a reminder that he had returned to reality. A reality that did not feel familiar. As if he had been returned to the wrong place.
‘I know, it hurts,’ she cringed. ‘Unfortunately the reentry is under construction. They haven’t quite got it right. Just ignore the hallucinations and enjoy the pain.’
‘Enjoy,’ he gripped her arm. ‘So I’m alive then.’
‘Why are you touching my ankle?’
‘Oh,’ he let go. ‘Distract me.’
‘Right, the victim was in a locked room, completely secure.’
‘Before she entered, slow acting poison,’ he gritted his teeth and fought back a wave of pain.
‘No multiple accidents.’
‘Huh?’
‘Impossible, the angle, the depth, and the first would have incapacitated him.’
‘Victim?’
‘Cody Enfield.’
‘Huh?’ Alexander sprung forward in the bed and blinked. There was nothing physically wrong with him. He knew it could not be reality. The pain was still seared into every cell of his body. He could still feel his bones crunching as they smashed into the plastic sheet. Everything before was real. Somehow he knew he was stuck in between the real world and Erase. Both places frightened him but being in between them was even more terrifying.
‘Welcome back,’ she smiled as she tucked the device back into her pocket.
‘Are you playing games, my dear?’ His head snapped around as he locked onto her location.
‘No darling. Just feeding my ants.’ She smiled innocently and shuffled away.
He was suffocating on the scent of her perfume. It filled the room with a mist. One that was visible and invisible at the same time. It made him feel sick and healthy, and everywhere in between.
‘Are you ready?’ The voice floated down to him. It grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and threw him into the graveyard.
‘What for?’ He cradled his dazed mind. Held his brain in his hands. It was shrinking away from his grasping fingertips. As it faded away, it took his limbs with it. He stumbled and fumbled, unable to do the simplest task. His mind was so fuzzy that he could barely register where he was or what he was doing.
The grass was so long that he could not see what was beneath. He brushed his fingertips over the moss-covered plaque. The words were gone, the person was gone. It did not matter. But it continued to stare at him. It was everywhere and nowhere. His eyes could not look anywhere without seeing it. A heart that could not forget its trauma but a mind that forgot everything else.
He looked up at the white ceiling and frowned. The scenery had changed but the sensations were the same. A horrible smell, a dark room, an escapable horror that only he had to face. Everyone else was gone. He could hear their voices. They spoke to each other but no one thought about him. He did not matter. A guard for the dead, he belonged only to them. His fragmented spirit could not join them as they left. He was not allowed to go where they went.
His eyes were stuck in a fixed gaze. Even if he wanted to move, he could not. He already knew what they refused to face up too. The knowledge haunted and taunted him. There was no way that he could make use of those moments. They were long and harsh but he could not control them. In fact, all he could do was run from them. Like he had done in the past. This time he could not run far enough, fast enough. They bombarded his mind.
Stuck within the poisonous consequences of other people’s actions. He wept. Perhaps it was what he deserved for being a failure. It was a place that he should not have been. Everyone told him that he should just step into life. But life was never something that he was happy with, never something that he could enjoy. What they wanted, what they craved meant nothing to him. He was stunted emotionally but so emotional. The tears streamed down his face. They did not understand why he cried. He did not understand why they did not cry. They seemed like such heartless creatures. As if they could never fully comprehend his world.
Somehow he felt like he was wrong for feeling that way. For needing something more. There was nothing to be found within them. Emptiness. A shiny object that was hollow. An existence that was meaningless. Hypnotic insanity that sucked them all dry.
‘Hey, how was your day?’ She smirked at him. Her eyes were dancing around his shattered form.
‘Can’t complain or they will kill me.’ His bones creaked as he collapsed onto the chair.
She laughed at him.
He touched his head and sighed. There was nothing physically wrong with him. He swung his legs around and brushed his toes onto the cold floor. The sensation was dull. All the journeys through her different worlds had warped his senses. He could no longer tell what was real and what was virtual. But he knew he preferred his version of reality, more than her illusion.
‘Hey, how was your day?’ She smiled at him. A red brilliance that dazzled him.
He nestled his head into her lap and smiled up at her. ‘Boring.’
‘Isn’t it always.’
‘Not now, not with you.’
She touched her lips gently onto his. He was not satisfied with the fleeting touch. She sensed his thoughts and grabbed him.
A stab of panic shot through his chest. Her lips were devouring his. His eyes widened. There was no breath on his cheek. All he could see was her shiny skin, and a flash of her red ears. Her eyelashes stood up so straight that none of them touched. She blinked so slowly that the light made her eyes shimmer. He felt like her lips were absorbing him. She cupped his face and held him in place. Without her hands there, he felt like he might melt away.
He woke up and screamed into her mouth.
She pulled away from him and smiled. ‘No darling. Just feeding my ants.’



34



‘Who designed Erase?’ Kershaw’s brow furrowed. It never occurred to her to ask the question. She did not really care but somehow it felt like it was important. A sense of urgency rippled across her skin. Every second she did not know the answer, was a second that was wasted. It made her anxious and uncomfortable but Alexander was taking his time. As if he knew the power he held over her and was purposefully using it against her. It was out of character for him to act so calculated.
‘I did,’ Alexander was expressionless. The information was shocking but his tone was what upset her the most.
‘You made it?’ She was perturbed by the information. It was knocking on her skull but her mind could not reach it.
‘No.’
‘Then why say?’
‘No no no, that’s not what you first asked go back, take a trip through your feeble mind and try again.’ The harsh words did not belong in his mouth. He had never treated her so callously. It felt like she did not matter at all to him.
‘Designed?’
He smiled, ‘Yes, do you like it?’
‘Bit young, ain’t you?’
‘To make yes. Designing something takes a creative mind. The concept is one I’ve had ever since I can remember. The need to disappear. Overwhelming,’ his delicate eyelashes fluttered. ‘My senses, can you feel it floating in the air? One day it is so close and another it is gone. Fleeting like your feelings.’
‘Why?’
‘The existential crisis that bewilders us all. Why not?’
‘Your upbringing?’
‘Bland and ordinary. But most things are. Why do anything? Are we really in control of anything?’
‘Is that what you want?’
‘Want? None of this matters,’ he screamed and shrieked as the words tore through his vocal cords. ‘You don’t. And make no mistake you never did. Your insipid questions don’t, the answers even more so.’
‘This matters, I matter. You used…’ tears welled up in her eyes as she struggled to form the words, ‘me—’
‘Not anymore?’ He snickered. ‘Fickle, your attention, your love, so useless, fake.’
‘I always will. Part of me will always belong with you. Beside you forever even if I can’t be.’
‘Pull it out,’ he gripped one of his lashes and yanked it out; it fluttered away as his expelled breath pushed it along until it disappeared. ‘It never returns.’
‘They grow back,’ she snorted.
‘Really? You don’t say. The same one comes back?’
‘Well…’ she shook her head, ‘no but it’s not the same!’
‘Discarded meaningless, garbage on a floor.’
‘Are you going to kill me too?’ Her head followed her eyes as she stared at the floor, her body language drooped. ‘You already have.’
‘Aw how sweet,’ he blew her a kiss, ‘no. Why kill when you can corrupt?’
She breathed a sigh of relief. Her body was betraying her real feelings, ones that even she was not aware of.
‘I do,’ he smiled, ‘not control, well anything, not even myself. I’m at the whim of others. Their choices I will go along with them because that trivial stuff doesn’t matter, not to me. Does it really matter that much to you?’
She stopped the automatic answer for forming and choked on her tongue.
‘Oh,’ his grin widened. His sideways glare was chilling. There was no point hiding from his penetrating gaze. A killer instinct that had always lingered around him. It made his presence intoxicating.
‘The victims, you, Raven, Cody and Stanley all did it. Without knowing you had the same purpose.’
‘Why do they fear death?’ He looked up at the crumbling ceiling and sighed. ‘Don’t they know they will never be able to truly understand life?’
She flinched.
‘They are not alive. Were they ever?’ His eyes pierced through her armour and stared straight into her heart. ‘Sad really, to miss the point of it all.’
Her eyes were twitching so uncontrollably that she tried to blink it away. It only magnified the problem.
‘Ah what a weak defence, blink it away. One day you won’t be able to open your eyes anymore.’
‘I don’t fear death,’ her hard swallow felt so loud and noticeable; she caught herself before she cringed again.
‘Fear, excitement. You must be alive to feel such things and yet you cannot truly feel.’
‘Why do you keep saying that?’
‘There is a blockade. It stands between you and me. Control without feeling,’ he pointed at her before touching his finger to his cheek; he pressed it down until a gasp escaped his lips. ‘Is it worse than feelings without control?’
‘It’s not a weakness.’
‘A tap that cannot give you water or will not shut off isn’t fit for purpose.’
‘Depends on the purpose.’
His roaring laughter caught her off-guard and made her leap into the air, he twisted his head, ‘Do we look that pretty?’
‘Rotten, you are rotten.’
‘But I don’t look rotten not yet anyway. They’ll just replace me when I do. You tried so hard to get my attention but not all attention is good. Empty. Don’t go running after my affection, you’ll be doomed in no time at all.’
‘Help me.’
‘Like all those times before?’
‘Yes,’ her blood was pulsating through her veins so loudly that she could not hear her own answer.
‘Please?’
‘Thank you.’
‘Please?’
‘Help me please.’
‘I can,’ he raised an eyebrow, ‘no longer help you—’
‘Why?’
‘Nor do I,’ he stepped aside. ‘Hinder you, do what you must.’
‘I’ll make you regret this.’ Her words were full of confidence but her shuffled footsteps were timid.
‘And I look forward to that,’ his eyes followed her as she fled the frightening creature that had consumed her best friend. ‘The grim reaper is late but when he comes it’s going to be murder.’
She was alone. But it was better than giving in to the unspeakable poison swirling around her veins.
‘Where,’ Raven’s smug attitude was seeping through her pores; all her enemies were dead, ‘do you think you’re going?’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Andie Enfield.’
‘No gates to keep you in.’
‘None that you can see. That’s the beauty of an illusion there is nothing to fight against when you think you’re safe. But the danger is screaming in your ears, you just can’t interpret the signals.’
‘Safe is overrated I’d rather be free.’
‘Why? You don’t know what’s best for you.’
‘You do? But you won’t give it so what’s the difference?’ Kershaw rolled her eyes. It felt like she was arguing with herself. The strange feeling would not leave. She knew she was alone. But her eyes and ears were deceiving her.
‘The illusion isn’t hurting anyone you on the other hand are.’
‘How?’
‘Who and how just a few letters jumbled up but they are essentially the same question.’
‘And the answer?’
‘You know the answer we all do.’
‘I don’t, tell me.’
‘That’s an access problem between you and yourself. Me, myself and I can’t intervene, you either get it or you don’t but that doesn’t mean you never will.’
‘Your riddles are infuriating.’
‘Just because someone tells you, doesn’t mean you will understand.’
Kershaw had a physical reaction to the words.
‘Missy?’
‘What’s the point of an illusion if you can see through it!’ She snapped back.
‘Go home.’ Raven walked to Alexander’s bed and turned off the machine. A loud beeping sound stunned Kershaw’s ears while the flashing lights blinded her eyes. It was sickening. Every move Raven made seemed to make her hurt even more.
‘No,’ Kershaw screamed as she jolted awake. The bed was flimsy. She fell out of it and tumbled onto some dull tiles. Her neck strained against the awkward position. A mirror was above her. She stared into it and shrieked.
‘Calm down dear,’ a faceless stranger was trying to restrain her. Claws were digging into her flesh.
‘Who is this?’ She searched her face with her fingertips but a stranger’s face had replaced her own. ‘What have you done to me?’
The stranger’s face was hers, ‘No, the real question is what have you done to yourself?’



35



‘Why piss someone off who can break your neck with their pinky finger?’ Alexander swallowed back some spit. Even though he was still fighting to control his body at least reality had returned to him. He was leaning heavily on Raven but she did not seem to mind. In fact she was very supportive. It reminded him of the first time he had met her. For some reason he instantly trusted her. The feeling was mutual. In one second they had formulated their plan to fight back.
The scene was very confusing. Although the victim was murdered in a locked room under surveillance, the deterioration of Erase had messed up the whole network. They were stuck trying to decipher a muddled tangle of fuzzy projections. Cody’s once formidable workforce were starting to gain a mind of their own. There was no longer organised chaos, now there was only confusion and desperation. Fox and Field were the only ones who seemed to be functioning.
‘Predictable and stupid,’ Raven agreed. ‘I think I lost half my brain watching that, I need to wash my eyeballs.’
‘So there was dissension in my perfect doll collection. A broken doll that hid from view,’ Cody snorted.
‘Bye bye,’ Alexander bounced his finger on her fringe. The strands flickered around. He pouted as he tried to displace them. With every passing moment he was annoying her more and more.
She grabbed his finger and bit it. ‘If he had any sense he would have known either way he was screwed.’
‘Indeed. I’m going to wring his neck,’ Cody snapped as he spun on his heels and ran into Fox. ‘Remove yourself from my presence, stupid idiot!’
‘Walk,’ Raven yelled at Fox as he tumbled backwards. ‘Don’t run you might hurt yourself.’
Alexander frowned; he could barely feel his finger. Her bite had left an impression. Any doubts that he was still in Erase had been temporarily subdued.
She smacked her lips together. ‘Look how he holds his jaw, it looks like he’s under constant tension.’
‘Remnants remain, a ghost of his former self that clings on.’ He smiled at her; her expression compelled him to continue. ‘Look into his eyes, fake, so sickly sweet that the colours rot with it and make it all seem so unnatural.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘There are moments of life but they cannot be maintained, the corruption has eaten away at him.’
‘Um.’
‘No longer spellbinding, just repetition, a waste of life, of time. A symmetrical but flimsy facade that was never built to last.’
‘I can still hear you,’ Cody snapped.
‘Good,’ Raven said the words but she was subtly trying to cut the connection. ‘Did you know that was still on?’
‘Yes.’
She shook her head and pulled away from him. He almost fell to the floor. At the last moment he managed to steady himself. It still felt like he was on a boat in a storm.
‘Where’s Kershaw?’ Alexander lifted his head.
‘I can still hear you on never mind I’ll do it,’ Cody’s crackling voice stopped in its tracks.
‘Apparently she left you a message: I will wait with you no longer beside you. I’m not what you need, you’re not what I want, how naive of me to ever think it was the other way around.’
‘What’s that suppose to mean?’ Alexander held onto his head until the spinning stopped.
‘I have no idea.’
‘Who’s the lackey?’
‘Ah,’ she glanced down at the information. ‘DUG2235–’
‘Woah woah woah, no.’ He waved his hands frantically trying to stop her before his migraine came back.
‘Or Toni Nett, is that easier?’
‘Calling someone by their name, why didn’t I think of that?’ He was distracted by his glistening hair. The artificial lights made his skin look grey and patchy but his hair looked like a kaleidoscope of colour.
‘Hey he’s a Nett legacy.’
‘Is that a game?’ He reached out to the light but it was too far away. For a second he thought he could reach it.
‘No,’ she crinkled her brow.
‘I have no idea which ways up at this point. So is that why he isn’t dead?’ He scratched his eyebrow. His coordination was so terrible he missed his nose and poked his eye out.
‘Maybe they can’t find him.’
‘Unlikely, I think his name provides him with a cushion, but I could be wrong.’ Tears started to stream from the damaged eye. The other one was starting to twitch uncontrollably.
‘Shall I try to locate him?’
‘Cody might try to block you. Be careful. Oops he here, he hears, he has big ears.’ Alexander poked out his tongue but it looked like it belonged to someone else.
‘Please I have better things to do with my time,’ Cody snapped.
‘Oh I can handle him.’ Raven snickered.
‘Really?’
Alexander brushed his hair in front of his eye and looked through it. It made him laugh. The two sides merged into one and made him feel like he was floating away.
She raised her eyebrow and smirked. ‘I don’t say things I don’t mean. Unless I’m pretending to be someone else at the time, which I’m not right now.’
‘Unusual to see so much of your real self, you might be starting to like it.’
Alexander’s fixed state was intoxicating.
‘Hell no as soon as this assignments over, I’m going back to what I do best.’
‘Best get on with it then,’ Cody snapped back.
‘Go do something useful,’ she finally found the button to permanently cut him off. ‘Why does he bother leaving? We all know he eavesdrops, no one is immune.’
Alexander shook his head and tried to refocus. ‘What’s the victim’s last words?’
‘It was: Warped sense of reasoning, a twisted mind that seeks its own reflection. That’s a path you sprinted towards, knowing full well it led to a cliff. A path a rational person would never chose. One that demands you drag at least one person behind you,’ she glanced down at the scrawled notes. ‘But I won’t be that person.’
‘Who was she writing too?’ Alexander shook his head but the headache continued to bite its way towards the surface. There was no way he could contemplate the meaning behind the words. Everything was happening too fast. He could not digest anything that was going on around him. There was no energy to concentrate, let alone think so deeply.
‘Herself? Us? There’s more: Cunning and guile corrupted them so much, they can’t see themselves anymore. Left to their imagination they can be anyone. You can only be a hypocrite when you think, feel, and react to life; there is no life within them. They are empty. Why fight nothing when it only seeks to turn you into it?’
‘A riddle or something profound?’ He rubbed his temples before pinching the bridge of his nose.
‘Still going: Round and round in circles its just a distraction, no need to follow it. Everyone has a breaking point, no not everyone some have the courage to make the right choice.’
‘Please tell me that’s it?’ He cradled his forehead and wished for the day to be over.
‘No, there’s more: They don’t fear death, it excites them its all they’ve ever known. It comforts them. Life is too scary, too painful. But death is the promise of nothing. A proposition that they simply can’t refuse. An ebb of it already follows through their veins.’
‘Is this a lecture? Why can’t these people just say what they mean and be done with it.’ He grumbled. ‘You know I interviewed one and it felt like they were the murderer not the victim. They weren’t trying to help at all. In fact if anything they were hindering their own murder investigation. I was defiantly talking to the victim, right? There wasn’t a glitch?’
‘That is strange. Anyway almost finished: Intoxicates them. Revives them with its venom. It will always be missing, don’t look for it, it was never there.’
‘Just the ramblings of a fool, ignore it,’ Cody’s disembodied voice snapped at them.
‘Thought you had already gone,’ Alexander chewed his lip. Even without the monitor on, they still could not escape him.
‘I’m always listening, so be careful what you say.’
‘Yes sir.’
‘And most importantly what you think.’



36



‘Is the problem contained?’ Raven licked her lips. The mass of bodies was suffocating for such a small space. She thought she caught a glimpse of the only man who had been able to resist Cody. It made her skin break out into a cold sweat. There was no way he was still alive.
‘Our problem is, but at the expense of your secrets.’
‘What?’ She broke away from her thoughts and refocused on the situation. It was claustrophobic and unpleasant by design but now it was starting to get to her. She had cabin fever. Everything was so narrow and artificial yet there seemed to be no exit from the suffocating environment.
‘Now she knows everything.’
‘So we can’t know anything, how did they die?’ She sighed. Even she did not know why she was still bothering with the whole charade. It was tiresome but she had added to the chaos as well as Kershaw and possibly Cody. There were too many murderers and not enough hours in the day to truly decipher who had done what or why.
‘I’ll tell you the number one cause of death…’ He stared into her eyes and sighed. ‘You can’t breathe.’
‘Huh?’
‘And your heart stops. It’s called death and it takes us all.’
‘Oh,’ she feigned ignorance. ‘You should try it sometime.’
‘I fear you might be heading in that direction very soon. If you want a cause of death, just put down stupidity.’ He stared through her, ‘What does it matter when, why or how it happens?’
‘If that’s the way you feel then by all means,’ she placed her hand palm up and slowly gestured across the small space. ‘Please show us how it’s done? Drop dead.’
‘What exactly would change if I did,’ he smirked. ‘Nothing… is the answer you are looking for. You don’t think there’s a million others that would take my place. Just like Enfield before me, there is no such thing as a person with power who isn’t tainted by it.’
‘Why are we investigating if you don’t care?’
‘I’m sure it matters to someone, somewhere.’ His snorted, ‘By the way you haven’t seen Alexander, have you?’
‘Who’s your boss?’
‘No?’ Cody smirked and walked away. ‘When you see him, tell him to come to me.’
The faceless mass of obedience shuffled behind him.
‘You don’t need to follow him, he’s not your boss.’ Raven called after them but they continued to blindly follow him. It seemed like the glitch from before had been fixed.
‘We’re always watching and listening, so behave from now on!’ Fox snapped at her before sprinting after his master.
She sighed and looked around the narrow space. The pitter-patter of her fingertips against the wall had the desired reaction.
‘What does she know?’ Alexander opened the door and stared up at her. His limbs were still trembling.
‘Everything and nothing and all that lies in between.’ She glanced at his fragile body. ‘How are you feeling? Any better?’
‘Deteriorating and feeling better all at the same time.’
‘Oh Cody wants you.’
‘Really, do you think any good will come from him finding me?’
‘Huh?’
‘The only time they chase you down, is when you’re being hunted.’
‘What can you do?’ She nodded and shrugged.
‘Run,’ he smiled as she raised her eyebrows. ‘Cause they ain’t carrying a fruit basket.’
‘Forget running can you even walk?’
‘Maybe.’
She pulled him close and whispered. ‘I don’t think that Cody is the leader.’
‘In a den of vipers, you don’t look for the leader because in the end they are all snakes.’
‘How poetic, are you keeping Zoe’s death,’ Cody licked his lips, ‘in your memory banks to motivate you to destroy me?’
‘We don’t need any motivating force, we were born wanting to remove your destructive influence and all that you refuse to stand for.’ Alexander snapped back.
She scanned the environment but could not see where Cody had materialised from. He caught her eye.
‘Yes there are secret tunnels in this place, that’s why it’s so narrow.’ He snorted. ‘And no I don’t want to show you.’
‘As if I want to be stuck with you in a small space that,’ she glanced around. ‘Oh.’
‘What do you want now?’
Cody aimed the device at Alexander and pulled the trigger, ‘I forgot to give you this!’
She tried to catch Alexander before he fell but the thud made her realise it was already too late.



37



‘Why did you kill Perry?’ Kershaw stood over Stanley’s twisted form. For hours he had been stuck in the same position as if he was in a trance. Finally his leg twitched. The words were no longer bouncing off his skin, his body was responding to them. She wondered what punishment he had received to be so far gone for so long. The experience was one she had first hand knowledge in. She shivered at the thought.
‘Do you forgive me from before, how can you trust anything I say or do after I tried to kill you? Better question how can I trust you?’ He lifted his head and grimaced, ‘I’ve spent enough time down here now you shouldn’t need to ask so why are you?’
‘I just found out that not everyone is what they appear to be, excuse me if I’m a little bit sceptical of everyone right now.’ She scraped her teeth over her lip. ‘Trust isn’t something that we can afford to have, not here, not now.’
‘What’s so hard to understand? He was the reason I’m in here and can’t get out, it was revenge nothing more.’
‘So he’s the only person you’ve killed?’
‘Yes,’ he looked her in the eye and started to weep. ‘But nothing changed I’m stuck here still.’
‘Save the tears for someone who believes them. Perhaps that’s why you are still here. No acting skills, no redeeming qualities, you can’t even keep your mouth shut.’
He brushed away the crocodile tears and sneered at her.
‘You tried to kill me remember.’
‘Right?’ He pulled a face. ‘So hard to keep track of everyone. You’re right there has been more than one. But you’ll always be the one that got away. Shall we change that?’
She backed away. His vulnerable position had lulled her into a false sense of security. Suddenly she was all too aware of their current positions.
‘Can you run far enough, fast enough?’ He licked his lips and stood.
‘I can help you.’
‘How?’
‘You’re dead, on paper at least, do you realise the kind of freedom that could give you?’
‘What’s your point?’
‘I know who set this up. All you have to do is get rid of that person and you will be free to roam.’
‘Intriguing, go on.’ He sat back down but she did not dare move closer to him.
‘They want you to be there puppet, invisible, deadly but with your strings wrapped around their fingers.’
‘And what do you want?’
‘I don’t care who you kill.’
‘That’s not entirely true.’
‘Within reason of course.’
He raised an eyebrow and smirked. ‘So far you aren’t making a good case for me to be on your side. Your strings may be invisible but they are still attached.’
‘I’m not good at this but I have good intentions.’ She resisted the urge to drop her head into her hands. The only person that could save her was Alexander.
‘And that my dear is the problem. I don’t have good intentions, I want everyone to suffer and I need to kill.’ He looked like he was about to attack her again.
‘Will you kill Cody?’
‘Are you asking me too?’ He dropped his arms and laughed. ‘Well ain’t that an anomaly. I never thought I’d live to see the day. Do you hate him that much?’
‘Yes.’
‘Interesting. Hate is just dead love. Betrayal dressed with hatred and just a hint of longing. How did he disappoint you? Did you let him worm his way in? When did you see him for who he really is? And how much did it hurt?’ He licked his lips. The words were exciting him. Her pain was intoxicating to him.
‘I’m not obsessed with him like you are,’ she raised an eyebrow and sneered, ‘I just hate his nature and yours. Maybe I should just kill you now!’
A flash of light was the only indication that something had changed. She turned around to see a smoking device and a faceless stranger behind it.
‘What the hell did you do?’
‘Killed him,’ the crackly voice was an assault on her fragile ears. ‘He killed our boss. If you don’t want to help me then leave now.’
She glanced back at Stanley’s lifeless stare. ‘What’s your name?’
‘Are you talking to me?’ The man almost choked.
‘Yes,’ she turned back towards him as she stared at the helmet.
‘Mm,’ he yanked his helmet off and extended his hand. ‘Your Kershaw, DUG2235789029–’
‘I know who I am, who are you?’
‘Yeah I just said it so you don’t have to introduce yourself.’
‘Wasn’t going too.’
‘DUG22–’
‘I’m going to stop you there, are you being serious?’ She watched his head bobble and stared back in disbelief. ‘I’ll just call you Bug.’
‘Was Dug already taken,’ he looked bemused.
‘Stands for Disposable Useless Game.’
‘Ah you know your acronyms, I’m impressed.’
‘Why do you let them call you that?’
‘That’s not my name, the numbers are.’ He tapped his helmet. ‘That’s what this uniform is called, specifically the helmet, but its coils extend down.’
‘Not offended with Bug.’
‘I’m sure you have your reasons.’
‘At any moment they could swash you like a bug.’
‘Not bad.’
‘Oo I’m just getting to the worse part…’ she snickered. ‘You don’t even care if you get swashed, hell you’ll probably survive it.’
‘Ha am I a cockroach now?’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Before all of this, Toni.’
‘Anthony?’
‘No Toni Nett.’
‘The Nett family, what are you doing here?’
‘Well ain’t that a kick in the teeth, you’re a Kershaw, what are you doing here?’
‘I refused an order and was killed.’ Her voice was so deadpan. It was strange how her past had become so lifeless that even her memories held no emotion.
‘Yet here you are.’
‘They didn’t aim for my brain.’
‘Are you a zombie? I’m sure they won’t make that mistake again.’
‘Not sure I want to give them a second shot.’
‘As if you have a choice?’
‘Of course I do, lasted this long, didn’t I?’
‘Notice something?’
‘Your weapon is still pointing in my direction. Oh dear,’ she raised her hands.
He curled his lip.
‘Oh just get on with it,’ Cody’s voiced echoed around the small space but he was nowhere to be seen. ‘I have no patience for such trivial matters.’
‘Why are you hesitating?’ She dropped the act as genuine concern took over. The situation was so confusing. She knew Cody wanted her to die but she did not know what the stranger wanted from her. Somehow it felt like it might be something she could not afford to lose.
‘Do it!’ Cody shrieked; his voice sounded so comical. ‘You’ve already betrayed me once, you won’t survive a third.’
‘Oh who are we kidding, you can’t kill me just like you can’t kill her. We are legacies of Erase. There is no way you can kill us, hurt us sure but kill no. You’ve already proved that with both of us.’
The prison was eerily quiet.
She licked her lips. Her mouth was so dry even if she had anything to say, she would not be able to say it.
‘Poison?’ Nett shrieked as he covered his mouth and dropped to his knees. ‘Real mature!’
She glanced around but she could not smell or taste anything peculiar. The world was just as bland as before. She wondered if she should do the same. Even though she did not feel any different, she felt awkward just standing there. Especially with him being so frantic over what she assumed was nothing. He was acting like they were in danger but somehow she just did not believe it. Still she felt pressure to act the way that he was.
‘It’s a slow acting neurotoxin that is causing neurotoxicity in your body soon you will not be able to speak or move.’ Cody sneered. ‘Beg me for the antidote and maybe I’ll consider saving your life.’
‘I feel fine,’ she shrugged; she looked around and wondered what she was missing.
‘Help me,’ Nett choked and spluttered. His helmet smashed onto the floor as he crumpled beside it.



38



‘Ow,’ Alexander rubbed his neck and shifted uncomfortably. It felt like icicles were embedded into his skin. A chill that started at his back and travelled throughout his body. It was trembling so fiercely that it was twitching and contorting without his permission. He fought the urge to fall asleep. Afraid that if he did, he would not wake up.
‘You okay?’ A blurry figure filled his vision.
‘Just peachy,’ he groaned; his eyes fluttered close. ‘Did he turn me into a superhuman?’
Raven giggled and tapped his head. ‘Well at least you still have your sense of humour.’
He jumped to his feet. It was a weird thing to do, as if a fleeting thought had propelled him up. He felt woozy but he managed to stay on his feet.
‘Yikes,’ she shrieked.
‘Anyone murdered while I was out?’
‘No.’
‘Oh how novel.’ He looked around but did not recognise the place. Everywhere looked the same. Without windows or defined spaces, the whole place blended into one mass of confusion and sterility.
‘Wait does Stanley count?’
His eyes darted around but no one was near them, a titter escaped his lips. ‘Yes.’
‘Oh, heart attack.’
‘There’s no way that was an accident,’ he pointed to the ceiling, ‘shall we go to the crime scene?’
She stared at him in disbelief. He stumbled forward but she yanked him back. His skin was pinched between her fingertips. It was a weird sensation that he could sense, but not feel. The pain was blocked.
‘What?’
‘Where the heck are you trying to go?’
‘Huh?’ He spun in a circle and away from her grip. ‘What level are we on?’
‘It’s literally right there,’ she grabbed him as he moved towards the door. ‘Not allowed, some kind of gas leak.’
‘Right accident, so more victims?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘You don’t know?’
‘We aren’t allowed anywhere near it, so no don’t know anything about it.’
Fox appeared behind Raven, ‘This area is restricted, get back!’ A sharp object was pushed into their tummies.
‘Ah,’ she jumped away. ‘How are we suppose to take you seriously in that stupid get up, take it off or we won’t listen to you.’
He removed his helmet and press a button inside it. A whooshing sound filled the air as the armour disappeared.
‘Wow.’
‘You weren’t expecting it to be that easy, were you? What’s your big plan to distract me now?’
‘Um,’ she cradled her chin. ‘Give me a minute.’
‘No, get back and stay back.’
‘What are we suppose to do, just sit here all day.’ Alexander grumbled as he pawed at the weird device.
‘Did you turn into a cat?’
‘You are meant to be resting,’ Fox sounded like he was angry but he looked like he had just crawled out of bed after being in a coma for decades.
‘Ha, I can’t take you seriously looking like that.’ She reached out to Fox and poked his hair. It did not move. The filth, sweat and grit kept it frozen to one spot. His cotton undergarments were drenched in the same mysterious liquid as his hair.
Alexander glanced at Raven.
‘I just can’t be bother.’ She snickered. ‘For once you aren’t right in the middle of it.’
‘But Kershaw is.’ Fox scoffed. His sweaty lip glistened in the artificial light.
‘Is she okay?’ Alexander slumped against the wall and cradled his throbbing eyes.
‘Wouldn’t it be better for us if she wasn’t?’ She mumbled. ‘What do you want?’
‘No! Why would you ever say that? Bad enough thinking it!’ Alexander snapped at her. It took the last of his ebbing strength but it was worth it to him.
‘Go back to sleep.’ Field removed his helmet and armour. ‘Am I missing something here? Why did you abandon your post?’
‘No, I’m awake now, might as well do something.’ Alexander attempted to move but the room started to spin.
‘That’s exactly the attitude that makes you end up in a room without any oxygen in it.’ She grumbled back at him.
‘I didn’t, I’m just trying to move these two away like Cody asked. Then I was coming to you, you’re so impatient! So annoying.’ Fox’s attention was on Field but there was no way to capitalise on it. Not only was the corridor too narrow, Alexander could barely stand let alone push past them and help Kershaw.
‘Well Cody’s irritated now and it’s partly your fault for not being at your post.’ Field snapped back.
Raven tried to shuffle away.
‘Stop moving, can’t you see we are having an argument here, don’t be so rude!’
‘Isn’t that the way you want her to go?’
‘Shut up and fight me.’
‘Help me,’ a faceless stranger screamed as he stumbled out of the wall. Behind him was a warren of tunnels that was filled with a thick mist. The man was still choking on it even with the thick helmet on.
‘No,’ Alexander stumbled back down the hallway.
‘Okay let’s forget it.’ Raven bumped into him as she retreated. ‘The smart survive.’



39



Kershaw titled her head and yawned, ‘Can I go now?’
‘Don’t you feel that?’ Nett spluttered and choked; he glanced up at her, from his haunches he looked pitiful. ‘You look so pale. Sit down before you fall down. You must feel terrible. I can see it in your eyes that you don’t feel well.’
‘What the heck?’ Cody’s voice crackled through the speaker as if it could not contain his unbridled rage.
The air was just as musty and uncomfortable as before but there was nothing in it. It was either an invisible threat or a fake one. She looked around the area and sighed. The masquerade had been going on for too long. Especially when the only person who believed it, was the one acting it out. She loathed to be stuck in such an uncomfortable space with him but he was also asking her to make a fool out of herself. Demanding that she join in.
‘Fine,’ Nett rolled his eyes as he stood up and brushed off his pants. ‘K don’t ever ask me for something ever again cause the answer’s going to be no. What a waste of time saving your life was! You said you wanted him dead yet you won’t help me accomplish that. Don’t you realise that was the only reason I helped you in the first place?’
‘What the hell is going on?’ Cody snapped.
‘Yeah I switched out the poison, sorry,’ Nett mocked. ‘Didn’t feel like playing along with you today maybe next time?’
The connection crackled as if Cody was utterly destroying it.
‘Why did you do that? You just made him mad.’ Her breath flew out of her mouth like a tornado. She was so sick of him that she did not even try to hide her vexation. The last thing she wanted was to be dragged into his game.
Nett narrowed his eyes and sneered, ‘Didn’t anyone ever teach you it’s rude not to play along?’
‘I’m not a follower.’
‘For sure you aren’t a leader, what are you good at? And what the heck was that?’
‘You want to play with him by all means, go play but don’t drag me into it. I’m not in the mood for your stupid games.’
‘Don’t you understand what I just did?’
She stood their dumbfounded.
‘Just wiped out at least half of his workforce,’ he started to drool. ‘And you know the best part? I made him press the button.’
‘Sure don’t wait for me to answer your question, no need to build the suspense.’
‘Exactly cause you’re impressed either way.’
She yawned. It was so wide that it started to hurt the skin around her mouth.
‘Your skin’s shinny and you have goofy teeth,’ he spun on his heels and slammed the door shut behind him.
She could feel her stomach shift.
As she made her way to the door, she was filled with a sinking feeling that she was locked in. The handle rattled against her touch but would not yield. She stopped herself before she pressed her head against the dirty door. A chill made its way up and down her spine. She was not sure if she felt the change in atmosphere because it was extreme or if she was more sensitive to it. Every sight, sound and smell seemed to be magnified in the damp, quiet and rancid prison. She took a deep breath and counted to ten. At the end of the endeavour she was going to scream her lungs out.



40



‘Hey dude, how’s it going?’ Alexander wrapped his arms around Nett’s pale skin. It was the first time he had seen him without ten layers of clothes or armour around him. The more he tried to put Nett’s mind at ease, the more he could feel Nett squirming in his skin. They were all stuck in another narrow corridor to nowhere. Even if they were in a better place, Nett would still be nervous. His actions had put them all in danger.
‘Ah your thirties, when treating yourself like garbage really catches up to you, you look like s—’ Raven snorted.
‘Nice to see you too Andie. Alex,’ he scrubbed his face and grimaced. Sweat was dripping off his brow.
‘It’s Raven now.’ She nodded towards him and smirked. ‘Alexander Enfield.’
‘You jumbled it up, did anyone notice your clever ruse?’ Nett tapped his jaw. ‘No better question why?’
‘Why not?’ Raven was exasperation at their reunion, she was already looking past him. ‘I see you’re awake now, congratulations.’
‘Just because I wore the uniform doesn’t mean I was ever under its spell.’
‘Isn’t that kind of the point of it?’ Alexander crinkled his brow and stared at them; he did not want to miss even the tiniest twitch. ‘That you can’t resisted its charms?’
‘Charms?’ He crinkled up his face. ‘They don’t even know what that word means, suppose they don’t need too because they have no use for it. Either behave or suffer the consequences. For your information I hacked into the mainframe and was able to create a backdoor. All the freedom none of the responsibility.’
‘You mean all the money none of the brainwashing?’
‘Exactly,’ he smirked and looked between them. ‘I seem to remember you being the best detective alive. So much so that you could inveigle information out of the most hardened and stubborn criminals. Yet you could not worm your way into the victim’s brain, what happened? Erase got your talent, your tongue, your mind?’
‘I see,’ Alexander stumbled away from Nett, ‘You killed her because she found out, didn’t you?’
‘Yes, the simplest things are the most enjoyable.’
‘Well she got you in the end.’
‘Indeed, pesky recording blew my cover.’
Alexander’s ears pricked up. It seemed like he was the only one that was surprised by the words. He wondered what recording Nett was talking about and how he could find out the information without tipping them off that he knew nothing about it.
‘A smart person understands what a person needs and uses it to their advantage but a genius intuitively knows what they want and has already dug their grave with it.’
‘Now they are all plugged into the mainframe they aren’t human anymore.’
‘So you killed them all just like swashing a bug?’
‘He hates us because everything he wants, we naturally already possess: the ability to inspire loyalty and love in others. Is something he will never be able to do.’ Nett scratched his eyebrow. ‘You know he burrowed into their brains until it was soup, you really wanted to save soup?’
‘Of course not, couldn’t be bothered really.’
‘Mm,’ Nett snorted. ‘I’d be lying if I said that didn’t shake me to the core.’
‘People change, rarely for the better.’
‘There is no rehabilitation for liars, nowhere for them to stand, they have no principles to corrupt.’ Nett nodded. ‘They’re a waste of space and now they know it.’
‘Always nice talking to you,’ Raven pushed past Nett and dragged Alexander away. ‘He’s always so upbeat and happy, just a joy to be around.’
‘The space between his ears is pulsing with kindness.’
‘And goodwill to all men,’ she added. ‘I honestly don’t want to be anywhere near him when it all catches up to him.’
‘Stupidity like that should be illegal,’ Cody stood in front of them with a face like thunder. The corridor was completely blocked. There was barely enough room for him to put his hands on his hips. But now they were there, they looked glued to the spot.
‘Problem?’ She raised an eyebrow as she tried to subtly shuffle backwards.
He gripped her wrist and growled, ‘The killer is Nett, he just wiped out my entire workforce. Kill him on sight!’
‘Oh,’ she twisted her wrist but he would not let go. ‘Where were you a minute ago? We just past him in the corridor, if you hurry up you might be able to catch him.’
‘That’s what you’re for. What’s the point in having a dog, if I’m going to woof woof?’
‘Why keep a dog and bark yourself? So you can have the pleasure of destroying him with your bare hands. Isn’t that something that you want? I thought you were more hands on with your revenge. This is a surprise—’
‘No, I want him erased by the end of the day.’
‘Doesn’t that just make him a part of you?’
Cody cringed and angrily shook his head. ‘Why are you so incompetent and stupid? If you’re not careful you will find yourself taking his place in Erase.’
‘We’ll go and do it now,’ Alexander smiled and pushed her forward. She was resisting the movement. Unwillingly to let him placate Nett for her. He felt sick to his stomach but there was no way to alleviate the uncomfortable feeling.
‘Go save Kershaw from the prisons, she knows this place like the back of her hand.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I said so.’
‘You misunderstood the question,’ Alexander smiled awkwardly and shook his head, ‘I mean why does she know this place?’
‘Ah,’ Cody’s eyes shone with malice. ‘So she never told you what she used to do for a living, well, well, I’m going to enjoy this more than I should.’
‘Oh no.’
He licked his lips and released Raven’s wrist. ‘Oh yes.’
‘Where?’
‘Disposals and acquisitions.’
‘Wow,’ Raven clung onto her bottom jaw as it flew open. It looked like it could drop off at any moment.
‘I see she knows what that means but I don’t think you fully grasp the seriousness of the offence.’
Alexander held his breath, ‘I don’t want to know what that means, do I?’
‘Now you know the truth, I wonder if you will still decide to rescue her.’



41



The iron door squeaked as it opened. Alexander and Raven paused. Neither of them wanted to enter the vile space. A blonde blur flew into their faces. There was a mess of limbs before everything went eerily silent.
‘Kershaw why?’ He had already said the words before he was able to stop himself. His eyes shone with pain. He was unable to think about anything else. It was screaming in his head so loudly that he was afraid more words would tumble out without his permission.
‘How did you find out?’ Her guilty conscience already knew what they were talking about.
‘Cody told us.’
‘They didn’t get it right the first time. Do you realise what they did with the failed experiments? Every year we had to kill another then another until one day I couldn’t take it anymore,’ she bit her lip but that did not stop the tears from flowing down her cheeks and dripping off her trembling chin. ‘And they killed me.’
He let go of her. Their bodies were entwined, suddenly it felt wrong to be anywhere near her. The very sight of her repulsed him.
‘All that rubbish about the importance of the weapon, was a misdirect right? You hated them all?’
‘There was no big secret,’ Kershaw scrambled to her feet and fled down the corridor. ‘Whatever I could find to remove them and their toxic nature from destroying more people from the inside out.’
Raven yanked him up before she chased after Kershaw.
‘You did that, not them.’ Alexander puffed as he struggled to keep up with them. The winding corridors were sickening. Neither one of them was waiting for him. His legs were moving so fast he felt like they were about to fly off his body.
The rough texture of the wall dug into his palm and arm as he wedged himself between the walls of the narrow corridor. It was still not enough to steadied him.
He saw a flash of colour.
They stopped so abruptly that he almost crashed into them. He did not know where they were or how to get back to a place he knew. If he had lost them within the corridors, he would have been lost for days. The whole place did not make sense to him. It was designed in a way that made it so perplexing.
‘What could I do? They ordered it.’
‘You did it!’
‘Like I had a choice, at least when I did it, they didn’t suffer.’ Kershaw suddenly turned towards the wall. A small panel whooshed open. She ushered them in but Raven pushed her in instead. Her arms smashed into the narrow door.
‘How do you know that? You used their weapons, you let them use you as a weapon. What could be worse?’
‘Don’t you dare judge me.’ Kershaw cradled her arms and shuffled into the service room. ‘And don’t be modest it doesn’t suit such a conceited creature such us yourself.’
‘Fine,’ she raised her weapon.
‘Raven, put the device away.’ Alexander warned. His words were just as unsteady as he was, he rested his head against the wall but the wave of sickness refused to pass. There was no way he could backup his words. He just had to hope that his words would be enough to stop her murderess intent.
‘I don’t feel like it,’ Raven smirked and flicked the switch.
The device was too far away from him. There was no way to identify what the device was, the differences were too subtle. It did not matter if he squinted, his eyesight was past the point of no return. He cradled his head as he slid down the wall. Chills swept through his body. He was fighting his eyelids but they refused to stay open. The skin under his eyes was patchy. It ached. Flakes of skin clung onto it. His fragmented world no longer made any sense to him.
‘Do you know the real reason,’ Kershaw held up a small device, ‘they wanted to find the murderer?’
They did not seem to care that he was seconds away from slipping away.
‘The control chip for the armoured suits.’
‘But they’re all dead.’
‘Not all.’
‘Did you find them?’ Cody’s voice crackled over the old receiver. ‘Tell me.’
‘Yes sir we found the murderer,’ Raven pulled the trigger.



42



Sparks flew through the air as the control chip fragmented into a million pieces. A section of wall disintegrated with it. Without the barrier, the cold air came rushing in. Kershaw waved her hand around as the pieces seared into her skin. The pain was excruciating but by the look on Raven’s face, that was the least of her worries. Alexander was already beyond help, he was the only one that could change Raven’s mind. Somehow she felt like he had already ensured her safety.
‘Why did you do that? They’re still going to chose to work for him because of their greedy natures. He’ll have new recruits in no time at all.’
‘Yes but at least now it is a choice that they will have to make every second of every day.’ Raven smirked. ‘One that they will not be able to escape from.’
‘What happened?’ Cody shrieked.
‘It was Nett,’ Kershaw let the words fall out of her mouth; she knew it was wrong but she did not care. ‘He destroyed something and ran off, why what’s wrong?’
‘My beautiful creatures,’ the line garbled before it went dead. Cody’s entire defensive and offensive devices were offline and now they had been dealt the final blow.
‘There are no cameras here, just stick to the lie and we will be alright.’
‘Who’s we?’ Raven snorted.
‘And what about Nett?’ It looked like Alexander was trying to scrub his face but his limbs were flailing. ‘Just when I thought I couldn’t be more disappointed in you, you go and do this.’
‘Did Cody give you something?’ Kershaw’s brow crinkled as she walked around Raven and caught a glimpse of his deathly pale face. As she wrapped her arms around him, he resisted her. She ignored the feeble attempts and pulled him into the room.
‘Huh?’ His dopey eyes started to blink but jolted back into a startled expression.
‘Do you feel detached from the world, headache radiating from your eyes and wrapping around your head?’ She dragged him towards the natural light.
‘I, I,’ he stuttered. Somehow he managed to make it to his feet, he stumbled behind her.
The breeze tore through their eyes, the light was blinding. A giant hole was carved into the side of the building. Beyond it was air. The building was sky high. It looked like the ground was a black pit of nothingness. A vast expansion of darkness.
‘What are you doing?’ Raven shielded her eyes as she shuffled towards them.
‘Sorry.’
‘What for ah,’ he shrieked as he tried to grab onto her but she pushed him out. The momentum was something that his shaking legs could not correct. His flailing limbs disappeared.
She turned away from the outside world and stared back into the smouldering smoke. It stung her senses. She forced herself to stay there. Her eyes adjusted slowly to the sharp contrast of real and artificial light. But that was the least of her worries.
‘What the hell?’ Raven was furious and she was heading straight for Kershaw.
Cody came rushing in, ‘Where’s Alexander?’
‘Why? What’s that?’
‘Does he need another device?’ Raven smirked and shuffled away from the gaping hole.
‘No reason.’ Cody hid his hand behind his back. ‘Is that the damage Nett caused?’
‘Which device is that?’ She continued to press.
‘Are you experimenting again? That’s the only time you chase us down.’ Kershaw smiled and walked forward. ‘It only works if we want it.’
Cody retreated. But the danger was still electrifying the air around her. It was making her hair stand on end.



43



The world was a swirling mass of smouldering black. A wasteland that blurred around the edges of Alexander’s vision. Frustration was bubbling within him. It was ferocious as it tore through his brain. His mind was shredding the good memories of Kershaw and replacing them all with hatred.
‘Isn’t it wonderful?’ An upbeat voice called out to him. ‘Ashes make such good fertiliser. Isn’t it wonderful, a clean slate? Think of the endless possibilities.’
Particles of dust were stuck in the air. A mass of swirling blobs that were taunting him. Dazed and confused, he slowly looked around. Black specks coated the tiny hairs on his skin.
‘You can’t do anything with a person that is never satisfied.’ Her face was a blurry mess of smudges, her eyes were as dark as the ashes that surrounded them. ‘We are vulnerable to a fundamental flaw, the continued repetition causes a dull monotony that draws the motivation out of anyone. You always need to ramp it up but you’ll never be satisfied.’
He lifted his head and stared at the black smoke. It was pouring out of a hole in the smooth bubble of grey. He glanced down. It felt like he had landed on a bed of feathers. His ears were burning, her words bounced off. He did not understand anything. His tired mind was fighting against itself. There was no room for anything else. His eyes were trying to close but his mind was already gone.
‘Do you know the difference between the pure and the naive?’ She grabbed his cheeks and shook the sense back into him.
‘Being pure’s a choice, someone who knows their value is normally wise and not easily led.’
‘And the naive?’ She shuffled closer to him as if the answers were giving her life.
‘Are vulnerable because they lack experience.’
‘Which means?’ Her features were still masked but they were becoming more animated with every word he spoke.
‘If you mess with the naive they will break. But if you mess with the pure you do.’
‘Welcome,’ even her toothy grin was coated in soot. ‘At first I thought it was a mistake that you fell but now I see you. Do you know the problem with them in their little cage of confusion?’
‘A cat playing with a mouse, problem is they both think the other is the mouse. Trying to draw each other in but it’s a very dangerous game.’ He was surprised by the words. It felt like his mind had finally returned to him. Almost like there had been a placeholder acting for him and now he was actually present in the moment. He did not know where he had been but he knew he had not been himself.
‘So you know who I am?’
‘I’ve heard of you.’
‘You seem to hear a lot and know even more than that,’ she brushed her fingertip against his arm. ‘Hatred, jealousy, envy. A quality you don’t like because you see it in yourself and can’t stand the reflection or a quality you don’t see within yourself and you want it.
‘Which one is Cody?’
‘All of them.’
‘What did they give me?’
‘Everything.’ She rubbed the ashes on his wound and smiled. ‘Feel better soon.’
‘W—’
Her mouth slid over his bottom lip. It took his breath away. He was frozen to the spot. Shivers shook through his back and finally pulled him away. His teeth started to chatter. It felt like ice was flowing through his veins. Every touch made him tremble even more. There was something unsettling about everything but somehow he could not escape it. It felt like death itself was biting through his skin and gnawing on his bones.
She bit her lip but her eyes were white pits. He realised she was staring intently above them. As he glanced up, he saw someone peering down at them.
‘Don’t do that again,’ he frantically wiped his mouth but could not get rid of the feeling of death.
Her lips twitched, ‘Don’t tell me that was your first kiss?’
‘Look at me,’ he stared at her face but she was still staring at the empty spot were the person once stood.
‘How do you know Raven?’
‘We’re lovers.’
Her head snapped back to him as her sharp eyes locked onto his.
‘Ah that got your attention, how do you know Raven? I think you owe me an explanation after that stunt.’
‘I am her mirror and she mine.’
‘That’s not an answer.’
‘Yes it is. How is it my fault if you’re too stupid to decipher it? And another thing it’s the only one that you deserve.’
He glanced around but his eyes burned against the black that was everywhere at once. Flecks of it were building up on his eyelashes. There was no way to rid himself of it. It was in the air. Even though he was bundled up, he could not escape the chill that clung to his back.
‘Used to devour anything, back in the day. But now I rarely sit through anything. The programming gets stuck in my throat.’ She coughed for dramatic effect.
‘Is that how you ended up here?’
‘What a sad world we live in, where this place has more life in it than any room in that labyrinth.’
He grabbed a handful of ashes and let them float through his fingers. The sensation made him smile. It was really peaceful. He did not realise how much tension he held in his shoulders until he hit the ashes and it all melted away.
‘What you’ve been holding, worth it or not?’
He sighed. ‘I feel like I can breathe again.’
‘Feel free to stay then.’
‘Oh no in this world, nothing’s free. Even if you don’t realise that there is a price, you’ll end up paying it.’
‘Novel,’ she squinted at him, ‘I thought you would ask me if there’s a choice to stay then how do I leave?’
‘And that’s really something you would tell me?’
‘No. But feel free, oops,’ she looked down on him and smiled as she caught herself. ‘Ask me if you dare.’
‘Why do I get the feeling that you’re playing with me?’
‘Really I wonder why? Everyone likes to play,’ she looked him up and down. ‘But few people know the score.’
He glanced at her face. It was so blank that he could only manage to stare at her for a second. There was nothing to gain from watching her body language, she had none. He shivered. There was no way to escape from the unsettling stranger. The hairs on the back of his neck were already standing on end. It felt like they might flee from him at any moment. He had never felt so alone and vulnerable before. It felt like the rug had been pulled out from under him. A sensation he never realised had always been hovering around him, until it was gone.
She brushed her fingertips over his eyes as if she was painting on a canvas. He squirmed under the icy and harsh touch. It was a strange contradiction. The ash was so warm but her touch was so cold. He could feel the warmth radiating around his body but the only thing that came from her was ice.
‘Why are you so cold?’
Ashes fluttered into the air as she spun away from him. The puffs of ash were all he could see as she disappeared beneath them.
‘Why does it feel like you’ve frozen my eyelids together.’ He rubbed at his eyes. As he pulled his hands away he noticed that they did not have a mark on them. He dug his fingertips deep into the ash. The warmth made him feel sleepy. Before he could remove his hands, he felt his head drop. The ashes swirled around him as they were displaced by his heavy limbs. He tried to lift his head. But he was too tired to resist the warm call of the ashes.



44



‘I hate you so much right now!’ Raven was seething with rage and none of it was for Kershaw but she was the only person that it could be directed at.
The room stunk. Its foul odour ruined the fresh air that was still seeping in. Raven wondered how long it would take them to fix it. Even though it looked like there was nothing down there. She did not want to be stuck in Erase for a minute longer. Yet the uncertainty of the outside world was making her anxious. With every passing moment she doubted herself. Somehow she knew that she would not have the courage to jump. Even if she did, she knew she would regret it. She could not live in their artificial world but she also did not want to live in the real world either.
‘Look it had to be done—’ Kershaw shrieked.
The shove was violent. Her limbs flailed until she finally lost her balance and tumbled out of sight.
‘I couldn’t agree more.’ Raven pushed the regret to one side and turned away from the opening. It did not feel as good as she thought it would. She had found herself trying to hold onto Kershaw and push her at the same time. The conflicting feelings left a bad taste in her mouth and no matter what she tried to do, it would not leave.
‘Was that a good idea?’ Cody’s giant strides suddenly halted; he would not go near the gaping hole while she was in the vicinity. Either he was weary of being pushed down or he wanted to stay out of sight.
‘Your tone of voice changes when you talk to her, do you like her?’
‘No way.’
‘That woman down there,’ she pointed backwards towards the gaping hole. ‘Did you know she kissed Alexander?’
‘Kershaw?’
‘No, the woman that lives down there. Do you like her?’
‘Oh that one.’ He pulled at his top lip.
‘Yeah that one.’
‘Get back to work.’
‘I will once you answer my question.’
‘Which one?’
‘Her name is?’
He stared at her.
She brushed her hand against the wall rhythmically. It was enough to calm down her tumultuous feelings. Talking to him was a waste of time. The conversation was just going around in circles. She wondered if she could use something as leverage against him. Every piece of information that flashed through her brain was not helpful. She shook her head in frustration.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Did you hear the recording that was made by one of the victims?’
‘Recording?’ He frowned and looked up. ‘Regarding what specifically?’
‘You don’t know?’
‘I’m a busy man. There’s a lot of things on my mind. Refresh my memory, what specifically are you talking about? It is generally a good idea to start with the subject of the conversation before you dive right in, if it isn’t obvious of course. In this case it isn’t obvious.’
‘Normally I would. But I think you don’t know anything about it and I don’t want my friend to get into trouble because of it.’
‘Then why did you mention it?’
‘What’s her name?’
‘Mm,’ he analysed her every move. ‘What’s the recording about?’
‘Nett.’
‘I see.’
‘What’s her name?’
‘She doesn’t have one. Where’s the recording?’
‘You don’t want to know what’s on it?’
‘Surely where it is, is the first step.’
‘Perhaps.’
‘I don’t know her name.’
‘Fine.’
‘I mean it.’
‘You said she doesn’t have one.’
He chuckled. ‘Where is the recording? What’s on the recording?’
‘I can find it. It is his downfall that is on it.’
‘More specifically?’
‘What is her name?’
‘Do you recognise her or something?’
‘From where?’
‘Mm, exactly. Why would this be so important to you?’
‘She kissed him.’
‘So?’
‘I want to kill her, can I?’
‘Wow,’ his eyes widened. ‘All because of a stupid little kiss?’
‘Something like that.’
‘We are at a stale mate. Just give me what I want before I kill you like you’ve killed my patience.’
‘Proof,’ she smiled and nodded. ‘Yes proof of all the thing he has done, the hack, the kill order, everything.’
‘Where?’ He tried to grab her but she dodged him.
‘I don’t know. Not even Alexander could pry that information out of her.’
He stared through her.
‘Don’t believe me?’
‘I call her Ashes because she’s already dead and buried. If you don’t want to join her. I suggest you forget your past encounters and focus on your future. Or there won’t be one.’
‘Do you know the benefit of hindsight?’ She was already talking to his back. ‘You have the time to reflect on your foolishness but you still can’t stop what you’re doing. Ain’t it a kick in the teeth? You’re doomed either way.’
Agitation bubbled within her. She was all alone. In a place with only one exit and it seemed to be down.



45



Alexander stared up at the gaping hole. It looked like there was a flurry of activity but he did not know what they were trying to do. His best guess was that they were trying to block the hole. The pristine building looked like a wounded animal. It was so unnatural to see it in such disarray. The image of it vulnerable and pathetic was a harsh contrast to the formidable visage that haunted his dreams.
‘What is this place?’ Kershaw panted and stumbled to her feet. It looked like the landing had winded her. As if she had landed on the only place that was not a cushion of ash.
‘You don’t know?’
‘No.’
‘Why the hell did you throw me down here then?’ His eyes felt like they might pop out of his skull. He could not believe that she had been so reckless with his life.
‘I thought you’d be safer away from Cody.’ She let the ashes flutter out of her splayed fingers. ‘Does this colour look strange to you? And the texture? Look at this, there isn’t a mark on me. What is this place?’
‘The forest of ash.’
‘Really?’
‘No, what makes you think I have any more information than the last time you asked. I’m standing right next to you.’ He shook his head and instantly regretted it. His head was still throbbing. It felt like his veins were filled with jelly. No matter how much his heart pulsated, it could not propel the blood around his body. His extremities were heavy and freezing cold. Everything felt like it was full of pins and needles. The feeling threaded its way through his body and made him feel lightheaded. He wondered where and when the warmth had dissipated.
‘Sorry,’ she turned away from him and hid her face. ‘I don’t know if you’re having an epiphany or just standing there, it’s so hard to tell sometimes.’
‘What is the forest of ash?’ The awkward atmosphere was unnerving. He never felt this way before with her. The feeling was breaking his heart. There was so much he wanted to say. But his mind was blank. The words were hiding from him.
‘I don’t know.’
‘But you recognised it.’
‘I didn’t want to look stupid.’
‘Too late for that, you opened your mouth.’ He pressed his hand to his forehead and sighed. ‘Sorry that was a horrible thing to say. I just feel so frustrated with this whole situation. You understand, right?’
‘Of course, don’t give it another thought.’
He nibbled his lip and bit back the emotions that were bubbling towards the surface. ‘I thought of you like the family I never had. It hurts to think you would be so flippant with my life. Like I mean nothing to you and I never did.’
‘It wasn’t like that,’ she spun towards him and grabbed his arms. ‘Let me clarify the situation. I knew Cody was after you. Had a feeling Raven might destroy the control room if she ever saw it. Knew that it was a safer place down here than up there.’
The way she was cradling his arms made him smile. He could feel the turmoil within him clearing, as he saw the situation from her perspective. There was a niggling feeling at the back of his mind that made him feel uneasy. Normally he would have picked up on her true intentions, he could read her every thought. Somehow when they brought him back, they left half of him behind.
‘I understand,’ her fingers slid over his skin until she reached his hands and clung onto them. ‘They tear pieces of you away and feed it to Erase. There has never been a person who has ever returned, let alone in one piece.’
He glanced up and saw something that made his heart sink.
‘It looks like they are coming down.’ She whispered frantically. ‘What do we do?’
‘When’s the last time you saw them genuinely concerned with your safety and wellbeing?’
‘Never.’
‘A leech doesn’t want to hang out with you; they only latch on when they’re hungry.’



46



Raven peeked around the corner. What she saw made her heart sink. She knew she was on the wrong side of the flimsy wall. Half of Cody’s men were hunting Alexander and Kershaw down while the other half were guarding the makeshift wall. His workforce had been decimated, it looked like all of his remaining men were there.
‘If you’re thinking of jumping, I’d advise against that.’ Nett’s eyes were shining through two dark chasms of bruises and dried blood. The injuries did not seem to bother him at all.
‘What happened to your face?’ She squeaked before she wrapped her fingers around her mouth. The shock of his face made her forget where she was. After a furtive glance in the guard’s direction, she breathed a sigh of relief; his face was still blank. The other guards were too far away to hear her.
Nett rolled his eyes and pointed towards the damaged wall, ‘Were you the one that did this or the one that blamed me for it?’
‘I did it,’ she shrugged and flattened her body against the wall. ‘It’s not a secret by any means.’
‘Huh, so it was Kershaw.’
‘Yeah she either panicked or she hates you,’ she smiled at the thought before she quickly covered her mouth. ‘Take your pick.’
‘Probably the latter,’ his jaw clicked as he spoke. She wondered if it was broken. Any movement no matter how small seemed too much for his fragile body. It was a miracle he was still moving. By the looks of him he was held together by his tight clothing. She would not be surprised if every bone in his body was broken.
‘Cody?’ She pointed at one of the bruises but it was redundant, he was covered in them.
‘No, I decided to kill everyone before they had a chance to touch me. I know what you’re thinking and the answer is yes many.’
‘Did you succeed?’ She raised an eyebrow. It was an uncomfortable feeling. Either they were all alone in the giant maze or her enemies were lurking around every corner and she just pushed her backup out the newly made window.
‘No, traps and tricks.’
‘Well,’ she sighed. ‘You don’t get to such a high position in life without fighting tooth and nail for it. Limited resources really brings out the worst in people.’
‘Can’t blame them for defending themselves.’
‘What can you blame them for?’
‘Everything else.’
She smiled. ‘Why don’t we work together?’
‘Really?’ He smirked. ‘Did you forget what happened to your last partner?’
‘Is that something you have first hand knowledge of?’
‘Did I see you push her?’ He winked. ‘I may have seen something on my travels.’
‘Why is someone always watching?’
‘One of our enemies has you on tape.’
She shrugged, ‘Oh well it’s not like it’s a secret. Which one?’
‘Cassidy Fox.’
‘I might’ve known.’ She nodded. ‘The only way to sneak up on her is to use the tunnels.’
‘Cody’s tunnels are out of commission.’
‘Right, but not mine.’
‘You know a shortcut?’
‘Where there’s a will there’s a way.’ She pointed behind her. ‘And I just made one hell of a way.’
He glanced around her, ‘The hole?’
‘Yes. The only one of its kind but not for long,’ she raised her weapon and smiled. ‘I know exactly where her office is.’
‘From the outside, that is truly impressive.’
‘If we are going to work together than I better warn you.’
‘The recording?’
‘Yeah Cody found out and he is searching for it as we speak.’
‘How?’
‘I told him.’
His eyes shone with rage.
‘We weren’t working together, can you really blame a girl for trying to find an ally on a dark, cold night?’ She analysed his every facial twitch. If she needed too, she could out run him or attack. Her fingers searched for the device. As soon as her fingertips brushed over it, she felt a wave of calm wash over her.
‘You are such a snake, I can’t believe it. How dare you put me in this position!’ His raspy voice was a little too loud. The men finally noticed their presence.
‘Boss we’ve located Nett,’ the guard turned to his comrades and screamed, ‘get him!’
‘Let me look at that for a second.’ He took the weapon from her but she did not resist.
She stepped out from the behind the wall just in time to see the men flying backwards. The temporary wall crumpled under the tremendous weight.
Their shrieks and cries were suddenly stifled.
She cringed.
‘How do we climb?’
‘You don’t mind taking the blame for that one, do you?’
‘Like it matters now. If he finds that recording you’ve killed us all. You do realise that, don’t you? You self-serving,’ he threw the device on the ground and pushed her towards the smouldering hole. ‘So useless, I must be desperate or out of my mind to work with you.’
‘Neither our goals just align. Don’t be too disappointed. It won’t last long.’ She kicked her heels together. The natural light made her knives glisten. She slid the strange gloves over her fingers. It was her own design. A sharp glove that could dig into almost any surface.
‘Mine don’t do that.’ He nodded his head in admiration. Considering how injured he was, it was a strange thing to do.
The fresh air was like silk. She ran for the opening and jumped. Her skin was so dry, she could feel it flaking off her and could see it dancing in the wind. She twisted her body and dug her boots into the wall.
It was like hitting concrete. The shiny surface was a friend to no one. There was no way to dent it from the outside. A sharp sound reverberative in her ears.
She could feel her body drop before she saw the snapped blades in her shoes. A warm sensation covered her arm and caused an explosion of pain to ripple through her. Her eyes flickered up and saw his arm wrapped around her wrist. She cursed his reflexes.
‘You knew this wouldn’t work, why don’t you want to stay?’
‘There’s nothing,’ she gulped in the fresh air but it got caught in her throat.
‘Are you still going to help me with my Cassidy Fox problem?’
‘Yes.’
‘Normally when you’re in a nightmare, if you fall you wake up.’ He let her go. ‘Do let me know if it’s all just a nightmare.’



47



‘You know what I’m sitting here wondering?’ Cody stroked his chin as he stared at Nett’s damaged face. The entire management had come out of hiding to witness the execution. He could feel all their eyes following his every move. It felt like they were holding their breath so they did not miss a word, a breath, a second of what he said and did. He held onto the moment for as long as he could. The tension in the room was so palpable he could practically hear their teeth chattering, their knees knocking, the sweating dripping down their brow. Their rosy cheeks went pale. He loved watching all the colour drain away. It gave him life. Their misery was so intoxicating that he lost his train of thought.
‘Why?’
‘Exactly,’ he threw a first aid kit at Nett’s face.
Nett’s reactions were too slow. The thud echoed around the cavernous space. A flash of anger and pain overwhelmed his damaged image before his stony face returned.
‘Kershaw threw and was thrown, Raven threw and jumped. You let her go, why?’
‘If they want to go, who am I to stop them? We are allowed to make our own choices, are we not?’
‘By all means.’
‘What are you angry about then?’
‘I’m not angry, I just want to know why. Why did they think it was safer down there?’
‘Wide open spaces hide no secrets.’
‘I see.’
‘One would hope you do by now.’
Cody smirked. Everyone was licking their lips as they felt a change in the atmosphere. Something wicked was dancing through the air.
‘Don’t be stupid.’
‘And you don’t be rude, I gave you something to clean your wounds with.’ Cody chuckled. ‘Aren’t you going to use it?’
‘So you,’ Nett’s tongue darted in and out of his mouth, ‘are not going to let them tear me apart then?’
‘For the recording you mean, did I find it? Do I have the evidence that will destroy you and everything you worked so hard for? Aren’t these the questions you really want to ask? Go ahead,’ his grin spread faster than the wickedness that corrupted his words. With his ugly sneer, his words sounded so sinister. It made him beamed with pride.
‘I know you have it.’
‘Really, Why?’ His astonishment warped his words.
‘I’m not frightened, do what you must.’
‘Alexander, Kershaw and Raven,’ he studied every inch of Nett’s bewildered face, ‘will you fetch them for me?’
‘What?’ Nett’s voice broke. He clung onto his throat with a trembling hand.
‘You seem surprised by that, why? I know you know my resources are limited. In fact you know the person who did it, very intimately, some might say you are the same person.’ He removed part of his armour and scratched his exposed flesh.
A collect gasp swept through the air. He knew they were reacting to his appearance. It was part of his mystic. At all times he looked more machine than man. It was all an illusion. He snickered at them inside his head. Their foolish misconceptions were the reason he was able to take power without any resistance. Once all the intelligent people were dead, he was king.
Nett smirked. ‘You’re desperate.’
‘Really?’ He raised his eyebrow and nodded. It was an impressive act of defiance but one he would be foolish not to quash. He tapped his fingers on his golden throne. There were a million possible scenarios that were running through his head.
Unfortunately he had underestimated his enemy and now he was in an awkward position. He could hunt down the resist bugs or he could rely on the very person he desperately needed to kill. One mistake could tip the balance and send him plummeting back down to the depths of existence.
‘I want one thing in return.’
‘Name it.’
‘Their heads on a plate.’ Nett spun as he gestured to the large crowd. ‘I want them, is that acceptable to you?’
They murmured and squirmed.
Cody smiled as he subtly pressed the button. The locking mechanism by design was loud. It echoed beautifully around the gigantic room. He enjoyed the look of desperation and panic on their faces. His eyes were stuck in a fixed gaze. He did not want to miss a moment of it. It electrified the air with fear. He could smell it as it wafted over to his nostrils and intoxicated him.
‘Can I?’
Nett pressed his lips together and slowly expelled the air from his lungs. As much as he could he wanted to draw out the moment and enjoy it. But in the back of his mind he knew that his enemies were all grouped together in the same spot. Anymore of a delay could cause him to lose everything. If he focused on the past or present, he would lose his power, his future.
Everyone’s eyes were glued to him.
‘You may,’ he licked his lips and smiled. ‘Kill as many as you can in five minutes. After that I want you to hunt down Raven and Co.’
‘Deal,’ Nett was surprisingly sprightly even with his injuries.
‘Ain’t this lovely? Dinner and a show,’ Cody sat back.
Fox trembled as she crouched behind his chair.
‘Try the squishy stuff, it may look disgusting but it’s surprising good. A goopy consistency that gets stuck in your throat. The favour enhancers do wonders for the taste but no one can fix the consistency. Will you fix it for me before you die please?’
‘Don’t do this Cody,’ Fox screamed at him. He smirked at her but she avoided his gaze. The act of submission was not enough to quench his thirst for control.
Even though Nett had already wiped out half of the cowering creatures. The one he wanted was still whimpering behind Cody.
‘This isn’t right,’ Cody shouted at a stunned Nett.
Nett bared his teeth and growled. Despite his anger, he paused and waited for orders.
‘Don’t forget this one,’ Cody pointed behind him and smiled. ‘Hurry before they all scurry away back to the hole they crawled out of.’



48



Raven’s head was throbbing. The ashes coated her body in a sweaty warmth that gave her the chills. She did not remember where she was or why she was there. Everything was a disorienting mess of black. There was no one around. But the place was not silent. A constant swirling of muck clogged the air. She felt like it was lodged in her throat and ears. No matter how much she dug around in her ear or choked and spluttered, it would not leave.
‘Hello,’ she choked back the tears. The atmosphere was irritating her throat but her eyes were getting the brunt of it. Even though she was all alone, she did not want to cry. She could barely stomach crying when she was all alone. Her own emotions were so bothersome to her, even more so than the horrible environment that she found herself in.
It felt like shadowy figures were surrounding her.
‘This is what you get for following the popular kids.’ She chastised herself. ‘A fleeting feeling of joy followed by all this pain.’
The space was devoid of anything simulating, she could already feel her mind starting to fall asleep on her. Just when she needed her wits about her, they were starting to abandoned her like everyone and everything did. Her presence seemed to be an irritation or a deadly burden that no one could handle.
‘What are you doing down here, missy?’ A hairy mitt grabbed her wrist and pinned her back down. ‘Nothing will kill you quicker than a victim mentality will.’
Her heart thundered in her chest. It felt like it might break free and flee from her. She felt so lonely like even she had abandoned herself. There was a moment of pure panic before her mind went blank. After all was said and done when she was true to herself, she was helpless. There was no identity to hide behind, no personality to dive into, no one else’s words to hold her up. Without all the flashy clothes, eye-watering colours and flimsy accessories; she was nothing.
‘Why are they all dead?’
‘Oh it’s you two,’ she rubbed her eyes and groaned. Fox and Field were practically joined at the hip.
‘We don’t appreciate your tone missy.’ Field snapped.
As soon as she confirmed it was Field, she twisted her wrist out of his grip. ‘Nett did it.’
‘What?’
‘He pushed me down here after I saw him destroy the wall and Cody’s men fell. There was nothing I could do.’ She shrugged away her twitching shoulder and tried to quiet down her trembling body.
‘Isn’t this your device?’ Fox raised an eyebrow and shook his head. ‘I know you think we’re stupid but we aren’t.’
‘He stole it.’
‘You’ve got an answer for everything, do you?’ Field crinkled his brow and stared at Fox. ‘Don’t you?’
‘I think don’t you sounds more natural.’
She rolled her eyes. ‘Like it matters. Ask Cody, he’ll confirm I’m telling the truth.’
‘We can’t as soon as we landed, a storm hit. Communication has been impossible.’
‘What does that tell you? You’re cursed,’ she discreetly breathed a sigh of relief. Her brain was yet to return to her. She cursed herself for being so stupid. Somehow she had dodged the consequences of her own words.
‘Go back.’
‘I can’t.’
‘Fine,’ Fox seemed too tired to argue with her. ‘Help us find Alexander and Kershaw, we need to help them.’
‘Of course,’ she pretended to go along with him. There was something so unnatural about it all. She was already fighting the environment and did not have the energy to fight them as well.
‘Well that was easy, you are notorious for being difficult.’
‘I love you too,’ her snarky reply did not go over well. ‘Can we just get on with it? I feel like I’m suffocating here.’
‘Led the way. We want them to see your pretty face first. Don’t be alarmed when we attack them. They have been exposed so long they might be a little bit crazy.’
‘What?’ Raven instinctively covered her mouth; her words started to warp, ‘Dangerous, what is?’
They started to laugh at her.
She removed her hand and dropped it to the side. There was no need to be so rude. But they seemed to get off on it. As if playing with her distracted them from how pitiful their lives were.
‘You have us to protect you, from the invisible force that clearly hates you. So don’t worry about a thing.’ Fox held his hand out to her.
She rejected his hand and stared him down. ‘What is all this?’
‘Your guess is as good as ours.’
‘What? Are you saying you’ve never been down here before.’
‘We are not allow out of Erase.’
‘Is it that important to him that we aren’t down here?’
‘It’s dangerous, he is just concerned about your wellbeing.’
‘Because he’s such a nice guy. If you’re going to lie, at least make it seem somewhat believable.’
‘Normally it doesn’t matter, it starts out as a lie but we just need to wait for the details to catch up and then all the people that doubted us look stupid. We have delayed them long enough that it isn’t a lie anymore. Win win.’
‘Good luck doing that with Cody’s character. He’s always been and always will be an as—’
‘Enough already, get up let’s go.’
‘If I refuse.’
‘The state you’ll be in, you won’t be able to refuse. Last warning, get up now!’
She scrambled to her feet. As soon as her feet had some traction, she put her head down and sprinted away.



49



‘Present from your master,’ Nett threw the device at the man’s head. ‘I know what you’re thinking, ooo I’m scared… and it’s a ruse. Not this time, this time your boss is so desperate that he’ll use me to achieve his goal. Confirm?’
The man gritted his teeth and begrudgingly nodded. They were both insipid creatures. But one looked more short-tempered than the other. Nett did not know if they were people he had worked with before. Everyone just blurred into one big blob. That was the point of the uniform. Their lack of individuality made them very pliable. Without it they were dreary and weak.
‘Great, which way did they go?’
‘I think Raven went that way.’ The man pointed into the swirling mess of ash. His finger never seemed to point to anything in particular, instead it waved around.
‘You think?’ Nett exhaled and looked towards Erase. ‘Who am I working with?’
‘Fox and Field.’
‘Is this it?’
‘You’re to thank for that, aren’t you?’
‘Am I really to blame?’ Nett tried to suppress the smirk. It would not help him in anyway to rile them up. But their anger gave him life. He could feel it revitalizing him.
‘You saying it was Raven?’
‘No I did it,’ he chuckled. ‘But where’s your rescue? Not coming. Because Cody doesn’t care, you mean nothing. That’s your main problem, not me. How about this I’ll give you the opportunity to run. Save yourself.’
‘Shut up and follow us,’ Field snapped.
‘Don’t say I’m the problem when you just threw the best offer of your life back in my face.’
‘Nameless and faceless strangers that no one cares about, when are you going to realise that’s exactly the way we like it?’ Fox snarled.
‘Fake names, right? I still don’t know who I’m working with, how am I suppose to trust you?’
‘It didn’t bother you before why does it now?’
‘Ah,’ Nett shook his head; his suspicions were confirmed but he still did not remember them. ‘Correct I couldn’t let it show, this time I have more power.’
‘Keep telling yourself that, one day it might come true.’
He was sickened by their voices. At first he had been intrigued by their unique intonation but now he was irritated by it. He was so bored by his environment. It was hard to stomach anything anymore. Everything was becoming more and more bothersome. Even breathing was an annoyance he could do without. He wondered if they felt the same. After years of being one step away from life. He was curious if they now found it all overwhelming.
There was no enjoyment to be found in their current environment. It was almost like being in a cheap version of their suits. Dull and needlessly long, the scenery stretched for miles but held nothing of interest. He was bothered by the lack of stimulus. The suit was always projecting the rabbit warren of corridors into his mind. A lullaby of voices calling out to him. Giving him purpose and distracting his mind from how useless his life was.
His eyes welled with tears. Life did not agree with him. He felt like he was drowning in their constructed reality and he cursed them for it.
‘Why did you stop?’
‘Found one,’ Nett pointed into the distance.
‘I wasn’t lost,’ Raven snickered. ‘Why didn’t you guys follow me? I thought I saw something.’
‘And did you?’
‘No my eyes were playing tricks on me, please tell me someone knows where we are going. It took me hours just to get back here.’ She looked up at Erase. ‘I kept looking up at that but it didn’t seem to help. This place is so disorienting. Be careful guys.’
‘Cody gave me a map.’
‘Really?’ Her jaw dropped open; he enjoyed her reaction. ‘I thought I oops I mean he wanted to kill you?’
‘Wants can change based on needs.’ He smirked to himself. Their blood had soaked into his skin. The thought made his body tingle with joy.
They all looked confused.
‘Cody is the only one left up there everyone else is dead.’
‘What happened?’
‘I did,’ Nett shook his head as they widened their stance and squatted down. ‘It was my incentive to help you, Cody’s decision. I’m working for him remember?’
‘You killed my mother?!’ Fox snarled. ‘Is that really what you’re bragging about, right now, in front of me?’
‘Oh right,’ Nett slapped his head with his hand. ‘Yeah sorry, Cassidy Fox, she was the most annoying person there so I tried to kill her quickly.’
‘Strangely that does make me feel better.’ Fox was straining against Field’s grip but there was no way he would ever get out of it.
‘Really?’
‘No!’ Fox was exasperated. ‘What world do you live in where that would ever be okay?’
‘Are we going to have a problem?’ Raven stepped forward. It looked like she want to kill them both.
Nett shook his head. ‘Not from me, unless he starts one.’
‘Starts it? You started it but mark my words, I’ll be the one to finish it permanently. For now no problem, we have a job to do but later, you and me—’ Fox pointed his spindly finger at Nett.
‘Will have a picnic, I got it. Let’s go.’
‘Where are we going and how will we get there in this?’ Field placed his hand on Fox’s shoulder and guided him away.
‘They live underground. This stuff,’ Nett knelt down and let the ash run through his fingers. ‘Is their waste product.’
‘Ew.’ Field tried to tiptoe over it but there was no respite from the powered substance.
‘Not that kind of waste product, from a machine that powers their underground labyrinth. It’s actually good for you.’
‘I’m not taking your word for it,’ Fox snapped. ‘Let’s just get this over and done with.’
‘Fine,’ Nett pulled out a map and threw the other piece at Field. ‘We need to split up, you and Raven that way. Me and my best bud foxy bear this.’
‘No way.’
‘Okay,’ Nett shrugged. ‘I’ll go with Raven.’
‘No way.’
‘Fine,’ Nett raised his eyebrows and rolled his tongue. ‘I’ll go with Field and Raven.’
Fox’s face contorted into utter disgust.
‘With Field.’ Nett stood and raised his hands up to the sky. ‘What is the right answer?’
‘No you were right the first time, we should go together.’ Fox groaned and cradled his head; his vein was pulsating. ‘I don’t trust you for a minute.’
‘How about a second?’ He teased.
‘I don’t trust you at all,’ Fox said his words so slowly that Field and Raven stifled a yawn.
‘I’ll lead the way then, so I don’t stab you in the back.’ Nett enjoyed teasing Fox way too much; he felt a stab of panic. Perhaps he could not handle living in a world without him.
‘No we’ll walk side by side.’
‘Don’t worry, misery loves company. There’s no way I’d ever kill you. Hurt you defiantly,’ he smirked; he could feel the evil oozing out of his eyes. ‘Kill you never.’
‘Comforting,’ Fox raised an eyebrow as Raven and Field disappeared into the swirling vortex of black.
‘This way darling,’ Nett grabbed Fox’s arm and pulled him towards the tunnel.
‘Let go of me.’
‘If I knew killing your parents would make you so docile, I’d have done it a million times by now.’
‘Sadist.’
‘Only for you,’ Nett’s smile was so false, it made him feel sick.
‘Wait a minute, parents, who else did you kill?’
‘You didn’t know him, what do you care?’
‘True but that’s just another nail in your coffin.’
‘Have you forgotten what you did to me?’
‘What?’
‘You have,’ Nett grabbed the handle and yanked it. Even though it was buried, his hand instinctively knew where to go. He did not need the map. Years spent ducking in and out of the rabbit warren had ingrained every inch of it into his mind.
‘Why?’
‘Really?’
‘This isn’t the time to lick old wounds. Get in the tunnel!’
‘Precisely.’
Fox gritted his teeth. They both knew either way he was screwed. If Nett went first, he would disappear. It was his choice whether to flee and there was nothing Fox could do to stop it.
‘Ladies first.’
‘Don’t lock me in,’ Fox grimaced and went first. ‘I mean it, I don’t like dark enclosed spaces.’
Nett watched his enemy carefully. It did not erase his memories or his dark feelings. In his head, he was still that fragile child. Shaking uncontrollably as he tried to stifle his every breath. Frightened that one small sound could expose his location and ruin the lives of everyone he loved.
‘Let’s go already it smells like sh—’
‘That’s because it is, see you on the other side.’ Nett slammed the lid shut. ‘Just follow the smell of those that are beneath you and you’ll find the exit. Hope you don’t mind if I take a shortcut.’
The muffled curses were already starting to fade away. He had timed it perfectly. His enemy was floating very slowly towards the location they needed to search.
‘Remind me not to annoy you,’ there was a light chuckle in the soft voice. ‘Ever.’
He spun towards the familiar voice.
‘They aren’t going to be very trusting after their rough journey.’ Raven winked.
He grinned at her. ‘I’m sure they’ll understand that it would take too long, if we had to wait for them.’
‘Because they are so understanding and patient,’ her sarcastic comment riled him. ‘You sure that’s wise?’
‘Trust me, I trusted you and wow did it work,’ he kissed his fingertips and smiled. ‘Perfection.’
‘You’re welcome. Cody always makes mistakes when he feels superior.’
‘Don’t we all,’ Field raised his device; the filth dripped off his soaked clothes. ‘Why did you do that?’
‘Revenge.’
‘Over me?’ Field shook his head but the slop stuck to his skin. ‘What the hell did I do?’
Raven squinted and titled her head. ‘That won’t kill us.’
‘No,’ Field said through gritted teeth; he pulled the trigger and wiped her out, ‘but it will hurt!’



50



Alexander’s feet skidded in the loose ash. Kershaw’s head bounced off the invisible barrier and flew backwards. It was too late to stop his forward momentum. His face squished into the hard surface. He fell back. The jolt of pain spread through his back and up into his neck. His head throbbed. He was still woozy from the accident, Erase and falling again. The last thing he needed was anymore added trauma.
It took too long for him to recover. By the time he collected his mind off the floor, Kershaw had stirred.
He started to laugh. It was the wrong time to do such a thing but somehow that made the laughter come rushing out even faster than before. Every gasping breath, the smallest chuckle made him wince in pain. Drool started to flow out of his mouth as if he had become a rabid dog. The tension in his shoulders disappeared. Somehow he felt better than he had in years. Even though the accumulation of painful experiences had ravage his body and mind, he felt free of them. For the first time ever, he felt like he could let them go. It even seemed like they could release him too.
He crawled towards the barrier and lightly touched it. His fingertips slid down the surface.
It was shimmering off the natural light like someone had coated it in glitter. He laughed at the absurd thought. His senses were telling him that it was real. But it felt like it only existed in his mind. If he tried hard enough, he would be able to pass through it because it was not really there and it had never been.
His fractured reflection stared back at him. It was a stranger that he did not recognise. His face was warped with pain, marred with cuts and, dirty from the sweat and dust that clung to him. He looked the age he felt. For some reason he already felt like he had lived a long life. One that he would never accept as his own. A life that he was deeply ashamed of, not because of what he did but what he did not do. There were so many times that he could have lived life. Instead he stayed locked away. He did not remember even closing the door to his heart and mind. But he knew that no one had ever truly experienced his touch, his love, his warmth, his kindness. No one ever would. It stayed within him until day by day it faded away.
There was so much he had to offer. For some reason his hand remained by his side. As he remained frozen to the spot. Nothing could get through. Just like the barrier, it had so much trapped behind it. All it could offer was a shimmering brilliance that no one could ever reach through. It did not want to open for anyone. The pain, the despair, the joy, the hatred, the love could not live. He would not let it out for the fear that it would be rejected. It was better to keep it all inside.
He shook his head. The reason became clearer in his mind. He did not want to make a mistake that would hurt someone. To live a life where he would not be missed when he was gone. He would disappear and it would be like he never existed at all. They would be free of him and he would be free to be himself. Maybe he would be a shimmering wall of light or perhaps he was truly the darkness that lay beyond it.
It was something that he did not want to put to the test. In his life, he had been absent. A fragile shell of arrogance that could only create misery for others.
Erase. The devices. They were all created by him, and they were all dark and cruel. A sparkling light of good intentions that were destructive in creation. If only they had stayed in his mind, then thousands of people would not have felt the sting of their touch and all the pain that followed him around.
He was a puzzle that never had all the pieces in same place at the same time. Something was always missing, something was always wrong. He was disgusted with himself.
His peripheral vision was nagging at him but he refused to look away from the barrier. He was fixated on its splendour. Fixated on it because it was the embodiment of everything he lacked.
‘Are you okay?’ He mumbled, ‘I was never a complete person. Nothing can help me pull it together. Please help me, can you?’
‘What the?’ She gasped. Before her trembling hands made their way to her head. It had turned a strange colour. A giant lump was pulsating. It looked like her mind was mush.
‘Look at me.’ He turned towards her and pushed his thoughts and feelings to the back of his mind. To a place where they would scratch at him but could not control him.
She fell back.
‘Hey,’ he crawled to her but the world was starting to spin. Even that pitiful motion was beyond him. His droopy eyes were starting to fight against him. He could no longer see what was right in front of him.
All of their actions were catching up to them both. An exhaustion that was not purely physical or mental but a consuming force that was unshakeable. It followed them around, burrowing deeper and deeper into their minds.
‘I feel like you are trying to devour me but I’m not sure that I like it or perhaps I do.’ Somehow he found her amongst it all. Laying broken on the ground; helpless, lost, alone.
‘Let me just rest here for a minute.’ She mumbled.
He cradled her head but there was nothing he could do for her. There was nothing he could do for anyone. He was useless. If they needed to lose one of them, it should have been him not Zoe.
‘Got ya,’ a male voice called out from the haze. A squishing noise echoed around them.
‘Who?’ His nostrils flared. The stench was overpowering. He fought back the feelings that were stirred up by the smell. It awakened his senses in the worst way possible. He gagged. The smell felt like it was forcing its way down his throat and into his lungs. He tried to cough it away.
‘It’s Field.’
‘What happened to you?’ Alexander’s eyes widened. The figure before him was coated in grime, shoulders hunched in despair.
‘Never mind that now, is she dead?’
‘No,’ he looked around. ‘Are you alone?’
Field raised the device and smiled, ‘Do I need to hurt you or will you come back willingly?’
‘Can you please help her,’ Alexander pointed into the distance; he held his breath. ‘We were trying to get to the hatch.’
‘Where?’
‘I’m pretty sure it’s there, I’ll check,’ he tried to get up but fell back down. His legs felt like jelly. He did not need to act vulnerable and damaged, he was.
‘Just stay where you are, I’ll check,’ Field walked forward.
There was a slight pause. Alexander felt like he swallowed his tongue. With every passing moment his anxiety was mounting. The shimmering barrier could foil the ruse if the light hit it at the right angle.
‘Is it…’
‘Hurry!’ He squeaked. ‘I think we are losing the opportunity to catch them by surprise.’
‘Not on my watch,’ Field snapped as he broke into a jog.
Alexander grabbed Kershaw’s shoulders and pulled. Finally he managed to get her to her feet just as Field smashed into the barrier.
Blood flew from Field’s face as he dropped like a sack of potatoes. He lay prone on the ground.
‘What happened?’ Her eyes dashed to the side but it did not look like she was focusing on anything in particular.
Alexander fought against his instincts and turned away, ‘We have to go!!’
‘Where are we going?’
‘Far away from here.’
Kershaw’s eyes changed. It looked like the spark had returned to them. She tried to walk towards Field.
‘You can’t do that, not now. He wants to hurt you.’
‘Did he say that?’
‘Yes,’ he pulled at her arm.
The lie removed the resistance. Now she was walking with him instead of pulling against him. Their stumbling footsteps started to gain speed and purpose.
He breathed a sigh of relief. It was not until that moment that he realised he had not been breathing. Her life was more important than doing the right thing. He knew he would pay for his selfishness. But he hoped she would never have too. It was the only thing he wanted. For her to be safe. The only thing that mattered anymore.
‘Please don’t lie to me,’ she whispered so close to his ear that it made him pause. ‘I understand your desperation that’s why I chose to take your hand and walk with you.’
‘Does that mean you won’t next time?’
‘I can’t be something I’m not. Won’t, can’t. Maybe it’s a bit of both but to walk away from someone who needs me, splits my heart in two.’
‘Heartless.’ Alexander mumbled, ‘Like me. Never be like me. I hide from it but you face it all. Do you know how precious you are to me?’
‘I can’t hear you.’
‘You’re everything.’



51



A whispered voice was dancing on the wind. Raven wondered where it was coming from and why it sounded so warm. Even though her body was aching she felt drawn to it.
‘Raven!’
‘A superiority complex that hides behind an inferiority complex,’ she muttered. ‘Smug.’
‘Get up!’
‘Why?’ She tried to move but ended up nestling deeper into the flaky ground. Her eyes flew open. Darkness filled her vision, puffs of black dust blew out with every breath.
A strong force yanked her up.
‘I thought you were going to suffocate,’ his voice was so close to her. Her cheek was squashed into his chest. His heart was racing. The steady beat reverberated around her fragile body.
‘What happened?’
‘Quick we need to go, we just provoked Field.’
‘Us too,’ a gruff voice floated on the wind.
‘What did you do?’ Alexander’s voice reverberated through her nerves and jolted her out of her slumber.
‘Put him where he belonged,’ Nett snickered, ‘did you notice the smell?’
‘Ah, I made him run full speed into the barrier over there. There’s nowhere to go here, we’re trapped.’
‘I know a way, follow me.’ Nett beckoned them towards Erase Headquarters.
‘Can you take Kershaw?’ Alexander asked.
‘Okay.’
‘I’m fine,’ Raven pushed away from him and stood by herself. Her head was still spinning. The purpose of the device was still a mystery but she had taken the full force of it.
‘But I’m not,’ Alexander reached out to her, ‘can you lend me your shoulder?’
‘What happened?’
‘There’s a barrier over there.’
‘Yeah?’
‘Well we found that out the hard way,’ he rubbed his cheek. ‘With our faces.’
‘Are you okay now or still dizzy?’ Raven lightly brushed her fingertips over his hair.
‘As long as everyone can see swirling blurry blobs.’ He snuggled into her arms and smiled. ‘Dancing on dark clouds.’
‘What kind of resources doesn’t Cody have?’ Raven’s voice wavered. The emotion was so difficult to control. He was so close to her that he could feel the slight changes within her body. No matter how much she tried to suppress them, her body would always betray her. Even if she did not want to talk about it, her body language was screaming it at the top of its lungs.
‘Not up there,’ Nett shook his head and opened a panel beside his foot. It looked like the device had not touched him at all. But the reality was pain was his pleasure. Only he could function when he was half-dead. He had been punished with excruciating agony since he was born. To the point where even a gaping wound no longer bothered him. He scrambled down the ladder and out of sight.
Kershaw shuffled to the hole and flew down. Her pale form disappeared underneath their feet.
‘Wait.’
‘Don’t you trust him?’
‘Up there,’ Raven pointed to the gaping hole in Erase.
The strain was showing on Alexander’s face. He rested his head on her shoulder and followed her finger.
She studied his facial features. As soon as he recognised the threat, she looked up at it too.
Cody stood towering over them but he was just a speck, a blur. That did not stop him from leering over them.
‘It’s Cody. He’s watching us, just go.’ She subtly brushed her foot over the panel. It was closed. Nett had heeded her warning and shut the secret tunnel. She did not dare look at him.
‘What should we do?’ Nett hissed. ‘Who does he want?’
Alexander walked towards Erase and rested against it. Without thinking she walked towards him and turned her back towards Erase.
‘Stop right there!’ An angry voice screamed at them. Another enemy was approaching out of a swirling vortex of dirt.
Her nostrils flared. ‘Yuck, it’s Field.’
‘Nett, Raven, have you seen Alexander and Kershaw? I assume they went this way.’ Field’s eye twitched as the blood dripped down his eyelid and landed on his cheek. A thick layer of crimson already coated his nose.
‘I’m Alexander,’ she answered.
‘What?’ He rubbed his eyes and cringed in pain. ‘You… with Alexander! Where’s Kershaw?’
‘Don’t know, what happened to you?’ She crinkled her brow and tried to suppress a smirk. It made her mouth twitch as she resisted the urge to laugh.
‘There’s a barrier over there, did you know?’
‘Of course I did. I designed it,’ Cody’s voice was so close to them. But his body was still in Erase.
‘Sir,’ Nett whipped his head around as he searched for his boss. A wave of pain contorted his face. He cradled his chin and rubbed the back of his neck but nothing seemed to ease the discomfort.
She laughed. ‘That’s what you get for hurting me.’
‘What?’
‘Nothing.’ She looked around but still could not see where the voice was coming from. It felt like he was surrounding them. The feeling made her shiver.
‘You’re both leaning on the speaker,’ Cody scoffed. ‘Come back up now!’
‘Why must you always discombobulate us with your muck, descend on us like you are better than us. Superiority complex much,’ Nett grumbled. ‘You’re nothing special. Quite the opposite really. You know it’s wrong yet you won’t stop doing it, in fact you seek it out. What’s the best way to hurt them?’
‘Running after you is tedious, get up here now!’ Cody sounded like he was inhaling large gulps of air. ‘You will feel my words if you make me say them again!’
A rope whipped around their heads before landing in the ash and sending a puff of grit into their eyes.
‘I think he makes a good point. We should do things his way. I completely agree with him. Let’s go now,’ Nett looked and sounded robotic. ‘He seems like such a reliable fellow.’
‘Is he serious right now?’ She whispered to Alexander, ‘Has his programming just kicked in?’
‘Deadly.’ Nett wiggled his finger. ‘Let’s go.’
‘Contemptible things that are a waste of oxygen first,’ she gestured to Nett.
‘Alexander, that’s you.’ Nett grabbed Alexander’s arm and yanked him forward. The rope was so tightly wrapped around Alexander’s waist that he yelped out in pain. As soon as it touched his skin, he was already in the air.
‘You’re next.’
‘What’s to stop me throwing Cody down with you?’ Her teeth chattered as she bit down on her fingernail. It held onto her nail. She tried to rip it off but it was too painful. Her next attempt was more successful. It left a jagged edge protruding from her fingernail.
‘The fact that my hands will be wrapped around Alexander’s neck and I will take you both down with me,’ Cody warned.
Nett beamed. His broken bones creaked as he grabbed her arm and yanked her forward.
She dug her fingers into Nett’s nose and twisted.
He released her, his face contorted with each pathetic shriek.
Before she could stop herself, she pulled out her knife and threw it. Her body was electrified with adrenaline, she cradled her head and turned away.
The wind whooshed towards her as a heavy object smashed into the ash. It fluttered around them and made Nett wail as the ash flew into his bulging eyes.
She turned back towards the scene and stared at the damage she had caused. A wicked smile flickered across her lips. The moment was one that she had been dreading and dreaming of for her entire life.



52



The torrents of water had eaten away at the edges of the cave. Small circles were etched into the rock. Kershaw ran her fingertips along them. The texture was slimy yet there was something so calming about the sensation. She felt like rubbing her back on it. The uneven and muddy ground was devoid of life. A shaft of hazy light broke into the darkness. The bedrock had collapsed into the cave. A wall of green shone in the brilliant light. The trees were small sticks with a few leaves sporadically covering the tiny branches. Moss coated the ground. A precipitous path of green that lead to a sky of white. The light was beaming through the darkness but it was still a long way off. She turned back to the darkness. No one was behind her. She looked up at the ceiling. A collection of spindly fingers frozen in time and space. They had melted down and were dangling over her head.
She bit her lip and sighed.
Without thinking, she turned around and trudged back to the tunnel entrance. If someone asked her in the moment why she did it, she would not be able to respond. Even she did not understand the drive to help people. Everything she did never seemed enough and it always turned out wrong. Yet it did not stop her from trying. She could not stop doing it just like she could not stop her heart from beating. It just happened without her permission, without her knowledge. Day by day the call became more and more ferocious until it was screaming in her ears. Her every cell was pulled towards it. Like nothing else mattered and it never would.
The floor was unstable. A mixture of mud and gravel that had been displaced from the constant dripping. She was sliding from one place to another. It was difficult to stay in a straight line. She was leaning heavily on the wall. It felt like she was ice skating more than walking.
Everything was eerily silent. For once she could hear the dripping of water in the distance. It was so soft but there was nothing else to focus on.
The air fluttered through her hair and made her feel free. She did not want to leave the space. It felt like she was outside in the fresh air. The ceilings were so tall, the walls were so far away from each other. It was the opposite of Erase. The narrow corridors and ceilings were so claustrophobic but she did not feel that way in the cave. Even though she was deep underground, it felt like she had escaped the constricting environment and was finally free.
She waved her arms around as she tried to steady herself. Her head was full of large bumps, dried blood and open wounds. She could not afford to fall over and hit her head. Her footsteps were wobbly but her body instinctively knew how to fall without injuring herself. Years of practice walking on similar surfaces had prepared her for the harsh environment. She wondered how Raven would cope, the thought made her laugh.
The echoing laughter bounced around the giant cave and filled her with warmth. Even though she was facing away from the light, she still could feel it beckoning her back towards it.
She turned back and stared at it. It shone in the distance. But it looked so close to her that she felt like she could reach out and touch it.
There was a moment of indecision before she reach up and scrambled back up to Erase.



53



Alexander fumbled with the rope. The whirling mechanism made his head throb. He threw the rope down and peered over the ledge. Cody’s body was still sticking out of the ash. Somehow he had landed head first. Alexander gasped. It seemed like an impossible injury to recover from. In his mind it was just a matter of time before the inevitable would occur. His eyes shifted to Field’s prone form. There was no movement from either of the men. Raven was already halfway up the massive building.
‘Why did you do that?’ He knelt down on the charred floor and screamed down at her. ‘You’ve doomed us all.’
‘He was going to kill you and I didn’t want that to happen. I’m sorry but you need to stay here with me,’ her eyes came into focus; there were tears in them. ‘At least for a little while longer.’
‘I’ve have at least nine lives in my time.’ He felt like whispering the words but instead he ended up shouting them into the ferocious wind. ‘I feel like this is the end.’
‘Indubitably.’
He laughed at her response. The whole situation was insane. It confounded his tired mind and made him pray for sleep.
‘I didn’t think about it,’ she looked into his eyes. ‘Just acted and that was my natural reaction.’
He cradled her hand. Her toes touched down on the charred ground. Even though he felt like giving her a big hug, he resisted the urge. Instead they stood there awkwardly.
She brushed her nose against his neck and exhaled.
‘What did you do to Field?’
‘Nothing. I think he fainted.’
‘Thank you,’ he glanced down at her but could not handle the close proximity. Yet he did not have the strength to push her away.
‘Sorry to interrupt but wow good job.’ Nett was grinning ear to ear; he grabbed them both and pulled them into a hug. ‘Couldn’t have done a better job if I tried.’
‘How did you get up here?’
‘Where’s Kershaw?’ Alexander unintentionally pushed them both away.
‘Yeah Raven, where is Kershaw? Priorities, Alex’s first thought was her, now I see why yours wasn’t. Awfully close these days, aren’t you? I remember a time he couldn’t stand to be in the same century as you.’
‘Things change.’
‘Oh yes they do.’
‘How did you get up here?’ Alexander raised an eyebrow.
‘I’m your new boss, on the count of everyone else is dead.’ Nett chuckled. ‘Knowledge is power. I control everything you see. Everywhere you’ve ever been.’
‘Where’s Kershaw?’ He tried to ask the question again. Even if it was a vague answer, at least it seemed like Nett would answer this time.
‘Dead, I imagine. They don’t like strangers down there. Loathe them even. Guess that’s what you get from years of being hunted.’ Nett nodded excessively. ‘Trust issues.’
‘You said you would look after her.’
‘Said no such thing, you assumed.’ Nett snickered. ‘Which was downright stupid.’
‘Wait a minute, she’s from down there.’ Raven placed her hand on Alexander’s forearm. ‘Don’t worry. She’ll be fine.’
‘What?’ Nett’s hysterical laughter was uncomfortably high-pitched.
‘Stop that please, it’s worse than slamming face first into the invisible barrier.’
‘That’s so strange, thought I knew everyone,’ he touched his tongue to his teeth and huffed. ‘Huh. The things you’ll never know you never knew will astound you. To be fair I feel like I’ve forgotten what most people could never learn in twenty lifetimes.’
‘Why do I get the feeling that we’re going to miss Cody?’
‘Thanks by the way. I was having a hard time trying to dispose of him but it turns out rodents don’t land feet first. Always splat.’
‘It depends what height they fall from.’
‘What?’
‘Sorry you were gloating, carry on.’ Alexander pressed his lips together.
‘Right,’ Nett stared at him.
She clicked her fingers in Nett’s face. It was enough to break the uncomfortable stare but not enough to change his focus.
‘You’re free to go.’ Nett waved them away.
‘Guys,’ Raven’s voice wavered. ‘Ah Field isn’t there anymore. I don’t see him at all. Does anyone else know how to get up here?’
‘Don’t worry about it, he’s stupid.’



54



‘Are we going to spend forever guarding this place?’ Kershaw bit her lip and pinched her nose. ‘Or can we move on?’
‘Where?’
‘Anywhere but here.’ She was starting to regret going back for him. The only emotion he had given her was hatred. She knew that Nett would be angry at her for helping him but she knew the pain of being left alone in the dark.
Fox squinted at her in the low light and mumbled. ‘They’ll be down soon.’
‘Just face it, Nett’s disappeared. Alexander and Raven are probably caught. Why don’t we just go up and see?’ She pleaded with him. Normally it was a mistake to show vulnerability but he seemed to be swayed by it.
He cleared his throat, ‘Where’s the entrance?’
Suddenly she realised why he was reluctant, he did not know where he was. He was frozen to the spot, unable to function in such a harsh environment. But he did not want to show any weakness. She suppressed a snort of laughter. He was still clinging desperately onto his pride. Even knee deep in garbage and filth, he still could not give it up. It was pathetic. She never thought she would see him like that. The monster that had ruined their lives was miserable and weak.
‘W ww where,’ he stuttered.
‘It’s just up here,’ she bit down on her tongue as she realised he had no idea where they were. He was trying to act tough but he was helpless without her. She could hear Alexander’s words echoing around her head. It was in her best interest to escape alone.
‘Don’t move, I’m not trusting anyone to move anywhere without me ever again.’ He furrowed his brow. ‘We are not the same.’
‘All the more reason to trust. What am I going to do?’ She rubbed her eyes. ‘What specifically are you afraid of?’
‘Leave me down here.’
‘I’m not like that.’
‘Save the innocent act for a fool.’
‘Whatever,’ she pushed past him and groped around for the handle as soon as her fingers found it, she scrambled out.
His mumbled curses were close but he was heading in the wrong direction.
She sighed before she stuck her head back down into the tunnel, grabbed him by the collar and yanked him out.
He squeaked and scrambled onto the ash.
‘Do you really have no sense of where you are in relation to the world?’
‘I’ve been down there for hours.’
‘Try years,’ she rolled her eyes. ‘Welcome to my childhood. If you’ve never known any different then it’s not a big deal.’
‘Well I have and trust me it really is.’
She rolled away from him, ‘You should do the same. Try and get some of the…’
‘Dirt, it’s just dirt.’
‘Right, dirt off you.’ She looked up at the sky and sighed. It was a light shade of blue that looked almost translucent. She held her hand out to the sky and felt the warm breeze float over her body.
‘K er shaw,’ his voice broke.
‘Huh?’ She glanced at him but he was staring past her. As she turned to see what he was looking at, she smelt it before she saw it.
‘Is that…’
Her jaw dropped.
‘What the hell have you done?’ Fox shrieked up at the sky and stumbled forward.
She cringed and curled up but he ran straight past her.
The change in atmosphere was instant. By the time she got there, he was already cradling Cody. Slowly she crawled towards them. It was too late. His neck was twisted towards her, his eyes were just as lifeless as they always were.
‘Your friends did this,’ he spat at her. As long as he held onto the body, she was safe. Secretly she hoped he would never let go.



55



Alexander stared at the rose. Swirling layers of overlapping sweetness. It was still not enough to drown out the smell of death. The building cleaned itself. It was as if the designer knew death would constantly coat the marble floor but the need for decadence was just too great. A cockroach started to wiggle its way into his peripheral vision. The creature lifted its front legs into the air. His shoulder was a dead end for the creature. But it did not seem to grasp that concept. Instead it continued to search for a way up.
‘Sorry about that,’ the stranger squished the bug between a roll of tissue and threw it into the incinerator. A sprinkle of dry skin fluttered to the ground as she tried to scrub her hands clean.
‘I’m Alex,’ he held his hand out to her but she glanced at it and shuffled away.
‘Don’t mind her, she doesn’t like strangers.’ Nett tapped her head as he went past; the women shrunk down and scuttled away. ‘What can I do for you?’
‘Who?’
‘Never mind that, don’t assume that no one is left. There’s always someone lurking around trying to steal what’s yours.’
‘What’s mine.’
‘Nothing at the moment. But don’t get ideas above your station. You and Raven can stay, she deserves that much for ridding us of Cody. But don’t push your luck.’
‘I don’t know what to do but that doesn’t mean that I want to take what’s yours.’
‘Good.’
‘I thought we knew each other better than that.’ Alexander was already regretting saying the words but it was too late to pull them back in. They were hovering between them like a bad smell.
‘We do but limited resources tend to bring out the worst in people.’
‘I’m not like that.’
‘You don’t think like that?’
‘No, I want to help people not hinder them.’
‘How noble.’
‘I can’t fight my nature just like you can’t fight yours.’
‘If I was weak like you I’d be dead.’
‘Weak? Do you think my life was easier than yours?’
‘Yes.’
‘Really, you’re that naive? You think you had a hard time? But your journey would be like a dream to someone like us.’ Raven strutted towards him, her lip curled in disgust.
‘Tell me about it.’
‘We refuse to be defined by our past. So excuse us if we don’t harp on about it. Stop projecting the worst parts of yourself onto us. Honestly it is so annoying.’
‘Whatever,’ Nett turned on his heels but halted the movement. ‘Why am I leaving? You get out!’
They shuffled out of the giant room and into the maze of corridors.
‘What should we do now?’
‘I don’t know I’m so use to having all my time taken up with their orders or running from them or both. That I don’t know what to do with all this extra time.’
‘Me too. For years I haven’t slowed down and now… I feel lost without the constant threat hanging over me.’
‘The more you cheat death the more you feel like you just don’t belong with the living anymore.’
‘I agree, he has such an overwhelming desire and we look like we are empty in comparison.’
‘We need to go back down and find Kershaw.’ Her suggestion surprised him.
‘Field and Fox will be down there.’
‘You don’t want to go?’
‘I think we should rest first. It could all go wrong so very quickly.’
‘I’ve missed this,’ she bumped into his shoulder and smiled.
He raised an eyebrow and smirk.
‘Your positive attitude.’ Their snorted giggles echoed through the narrow corridor. But there was no one around to stop them.



56



Kershaw patted Fox’s trembling back until the shrieking sobs subsided. It tore her up inside to hear such tremendous grief. She knew it was the perfect opportunity to escape but somehow leaving him did not feel right. The truth was she would always put other people first. To do any different just did not feel right. She could not live with herself if she turned her back on his suffering.
‘What do I do now? My purpose is gone. My master… gone,’ his bottom lip trembled so ferociously that it threatened to set him off again.
‘Let it out.’
His whimpering sobs were even more pitiful than before. ‘Can you tell me what to do?’
‘You need to be content in your own skin, don’t look around for things or people to make you happy or give you a purpose. Find that strength within yourself that says I know what I can and can’t do. I accept myself for who I am. Learn to trust yourself again.’
‘I don’t trust anyone anymore, only my master and he is gone.’
Movement caught her eye, she glanced at it but nothing was there. Years of experience meant that she always trusted her instincts. Even if nothing was there it was always better to check. She never fought against her heightened senses. They had kept her alive so many times before.
‘Tell me what to do?’ He whined. Unable to come to terms with his current predicament, he cradled his head and cried.
‘Die.’
She dragged him back by the collar just as a giant hook dug into Cody’s flesh and dragged him back up to Erase.
‘Why did you do that Kershaw? I was trying to pick at two pieces of trash in one. Your warped sense of justice, does it keep you warm at night?’ Nett’s voice echoed around them.
‘No, I am very aware of my faults thank you.’
‘Why does every word out of your mouth grate on my nerves?’
‘Do I remind you of someone you hate, you love, someone that’s gone. Perhaps I remind you of a quality you’re lacking, that you hate, that you want?’
‘Hate and hate.’
‘That’s your problem, you deal with it.’
‘Never mind. I’ll pick up all the trash together later.’ His voice faded away. They knew he was probably still listening.
Fox spun towards her. She closed her eyes and squeaked. His arms wrapped around her and squeezed.
‘What are you doing?’
‘Master, what would you like me to do?’
‘Ah,’ she bit her lip. ‘Let go of me.’
He released her and sat on his haunches. His red eyes were so puffy but they were wide open. He was watching her every move.
‘You don’t need me. Go have a life, find something more.’ She yanked his arms until he stood in front of her.
‘I do, please it’s all I’ve ever known. Can’t function without someone, not again please.’
‘Okay,’ she pulled him close and whispered in his ear. ‘We need to try and fix this. Destroy the systems they have in place so that this can never happen to anyone else.’
‘What do you need from me?’ He cradled her hand in his.
‘Attack,’ she tore her hand away from him. ‘And I will defend.’



57



‘Get away from her,’ Raven screamed and slammed her foot into Fox. The first hit was the hardest, the second was hampered by the slight change in direction. His calves creaked against the ferocious attack. He crumpled to the ground in agony. A smile spread across her face.
‘He’s on our side,’ Kershaw squeaked as she knelt down to help him. Her bones crunched against the effort. It sounded like her body was about to give way.
‘If you believe that you are a fool,’ Raven shook her head and sighed; talking to Kershaw was exhausting. ‘It’s some kind of ruse.’
‘I promise you it isn’t.’ Fox clung onto his calves and grimaced. His face was contorting with every fleeting emotion. Years of wearing a mask had hampered his ability to disguise his true feelings.
She shook her head in disbelief. All her hard work had led to this moment but she was still surrounded by idiots.
‘Leave it alone,’ Alexander’s voice floated down; he had not even reached them yet he already knew Raven’s intent.
She held her hands up and backed off. The situation was instantly awkward. She pulled the tiny hairs on her face. It did nothing to calm her down. If anything she was getting more and more agitated with every passing moment.
‘Tell him what actually happened,’ Kershaw said the words as if she thought Raven was innocent.
‘I did it, what you going to do about it?’ Raven moved into Fox’s space, she was itching for a fight.
He staggered to his feet. His eyes were seething with hatred. Every inch of his body wanted to attack her.
‘The truth,’ Kershaw reiterated.
‘I protected Alex, but still I did it come at me.’
The hairs on his neck were standing on end. All the grime drew her attention to it.
‘Just tell him,’ Alexander sighed.
‘Nett put Cody in my crosshairs. My behaviour is predictable if you push the right buttons.’ She kicked the same leg and grinned as he toppled over. ‘Just need to press the right button.’
Even though she wanted to fight him. She thought about it. It made more sense to push him towards another enemy. They were right. She needed to start protecting herself. Of all the enemies she had, she was the only one that could wait. There was a part of herself that was cheering her enemies on in their endeavours. She knew it was stupid but she loved the idea of her own destruction. It felt like the least she deserved for living such a horrible life. The only person she cared about was an obsessive ideal that did not exist. She had wasted her life chasing it.
‘It was Nett, really?’ Fox squeaked.
‘Nett’s in power, he was the one who benefited the most from Cody’s death. Because he couldn’t do it himself, he had to manipulate people into doing it.’ She smirked. ‘Still me who did it. Get revenge for your master!’
‘Huh?’ Fox let go of his leg and scrambled to his feet. ‘I might have known this situation was all his fault! How much more is he going to punish me for following orders? It was in the past, it wasn’t my fault. That’s it! I’ve had it with him and his guilt trip. So sick of his smug face. I’m going to kill him.’
‘Go on then.’ Raven suppressed a smile and took the rope off Alexander. Surprisingly he offered no resistance. As she handed it to Fox, she braced herself for Kershaw’s interference.
‘Is that a good idea?’ Kershaw queried but he was already flying through the air.
‘There was no way to talk him out of it,’ Alexander shrugged. ‘What else did you want to do?’
‘Okay I understand,’ she nodded and accepted it because he was the one who said it. ‘What’s up there? Because there is nothing down here for us.’
‘We just came down to get you,’ Raven grabbed the rope and handed it to her.
Kershaw disappeared just as quickly.
‘I think she’s chasing after him, to try and help him.’
‘No doubt.’ Alexander turned towards Raven and stared her down. It felt like he was staring into her soul. The moment was unnerving but mercifully short.
‘Thanks.’
‘He knows you did it, but he just doesn’t care.’ He sighed. ‘As soon as he found out Nett was in power, he was always going to try and tear him back down.’
‘I see. What’s their history?’
‘Dark.’
‘You don’t know?’
‘No,’ he seemed surprised by the question. ‘I wasn’t there.’
‘Thought you were friends.’
‘How much do you really know about anyone? Even yourself.’
‘Profound.’
‘Just stop,’ he snickered. ‘You can’t use this information to your advantage. It will not benefit you in any way.’
‘I want to know.’
‘Honestly I don’t think you really do, their relationship is messed up.’



58



Kershaw nibbled the skin in her cheek. Fox and Nett were staring each other down. She rested her head against the wall and sighed. There was no way she could stop the inevitable.
‘Where’s your backup?’ Nett licked his teeth.
‘I don’t need anyone.’
Relief flooded through her body, she had almost stepped in even though she knew he did not want her too.
‘Good, here was me thinking she was your backup.’ Nett scoffed.
‘Really you want to go there?’ Kershaw shook her head.
He ignored the veiled threat, ‘You know Raven killed Cody right?’
‘Of course.’
‘Yet you brushed past her and went straight for me?’ Nett snickered as a crowd of people filled the room. ‘You’re just as popular.’
A dozen pair of hands were yanking at Fox. The more he tried to flee the more he was pulled towards the exit.
‘Do you still want to help?’ Nett honed in on her.
‘You’re not worried?’
He raised an eyebrow and smirked; he was too cocky for fear. It was not in his nature to be anything other than vicious. Even his allies could not escape his cruel nature. He would never be a friend to anyone. His best interests were all that mattered.
‘They are foolish to do your bidding, when they are useless they will be discarded too.’
‘Oh I’m not going to kill him.’
‘I know. That’s your first mistake.’
‘Excuse me?’
‘You want him to suffer like you did, but what did that do to you? For sure you are not dead. You did not break. Fire and ice for strength and now you want to do the same thing for him. How kind.’
‘I’m unique. He is weak.’
‘Your pride blinds you to your shortcomings. You wanted to be like Enfield, Cody. But you will not last that long. At least they were somewhat,’ she raised an eyebrow at his blatant disregard for her words and for their lives. ‘Self-aware.’
‘Nonsense,’ he snorted. ‘Do you know who you are talking too? Clearly not. I deserve respect.’
‘Show me. I see nothing that is worthy of respect.’
He pulled out a device and pointed it at her head, ‘Shut your mouth or I’ll shut it for you!’
‘Do you know why they call them devices? Not specific names for each, just an umbrella term.’
‘No, why?’ He titled the device and smirked.
‘Because the victim doesn’t know what they are facing. They cannot imagine the threat. Therefore they cannot react accordingly.’
‘What’s your point?’
‘Uncertainty makes people docile. The fear does all the work for you.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Those devices, I know them all. I’ve tasted nectar from the fruit of them all and I’m not afraid of any of them.’
‘Why?’
‘I made them.’
Nett laughed. ‘Then you’ll know what this one is.’
‘Black on black, death.’
He widened his eyes but he was not shocked by the information. She could see right through him. His attempts to deceive her were meaningless.
‘If you have the courage, do it, but know you will only be able to do it once.’
‘I don’t feel the need to torture you.’
‘Stop,’ Raven’s voice echoed around the cavernous space. ‘You don’t deserve this Kershaw. You don’t need to use it as your penance.’
‘He will make his choice.’
The words made Nett smile. His eyes shone with malice as he pulled the trigger on the device.



59



The rope was a frayed mess. Alexander was woozy. Even though he was looking up, he could not see Raven. If she left without checking on him then he was all alone. He hoped that she had. An uneasy feeling was thundering through his veins. At least she was up there. He felt like Kershaw really needed them.
‘Get up, at least you can.’ Field stood over him.
‘Sorry.’
‘What for?’
Alexander took a gamble. ‘For everything.’
‘Specifically.’
‘Well Cody was not my fault, however I did know the barrier was there, sorry for that.’
‘Correct answer,’ Field grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him up. ‘I don’t care about Cody.’
Alexander waited to be released instead Field pulled him close.
‘But this,’ Field hissed in his ear. ‘Is a mess. Do you know why I needed you to stay down here? It wasn’t malice, I need a hand. Yours specifically.’
‘I’m sorry about your face, they can fix it.’
‘But will they?’
‘Nett’s in charge.’
‘Great, he’ll help me.’
Alexander did not know if the comment was genuine or sarcastic. ‘I don’t understand how I can help you.’
‘Do you know of another way in?’
‘No.’
‘I do.’ Field dragged Alexander over to the giant wall of white. ‘Press your fingers onto the wall.’
Alexander pushed his fingertips into the cold and slimy exterior. A beeping sound was followed by a whoosh. It took him a moment to realise they were flying through the air. The ground was still firmly beneath him. It felt like he might fall off the moving platform at any second. Suddenly they were both crammed into a small space.
‘You work here, always have.’
The breath was warm against the nape of Alexander’s neck. He pushed Field away and stumbled into the auxiliary tunnel.
‘What did you do for them, everything?’
Alexander stumbled down the narrow corridors. The tunnels were a rabbit warren of tight spaces and even tighter corners. It was dark but that worked to his advantage. He knew every inch, every corner of the space off by heart. His enemy did not know his way around and could not see his hand in front of his face.
‘Did you make the devices?’ The voice was getting further away but the words did not lose their potency. ‘Your concept right? It was your concept for Erase, was it not?’
It felt like Alexander was running from his past, specifically his responsibilities. He was no longer young and naive. Sooner or later he would have to face up to what he had done. But for now he just wanted to escape.
‘You are the architect of your own misery.’
The winding corridors were making him feel sick to his stomach. Normally he could not vomit to save his life. But now it feel like it was a bubbling pot that could overflow at any moment. He could feel it burning a hole in the back of his throat.
‘Just because you close your eyes, doesn’t mean the world stops, just means you’re blind to it.’
He tried to flee from the voice but it followed him so closely he almost gave up and fell back into its grasp.
‘By his very nature, he will never be satisfied.’
‘I assume you mean Nett?’ Alexander cringed. It was such a stupid idea to respond. He was too exhausted to think about it clearly. The question was not a stupid one but his choice to vocalise it was a big mistake. One that he could never take back.
‘You think he’s helping you but he’s harming you, do you know the evidence of his control is written all over your face?’
The footsteps intensified. They echoed around Alexander’s brain and made his legs feel like lead bricks.
‘He already has a built in excuse for the extreme fear and panic he will unleash.’
His enemy’s words were very clever. They were making him squirm. It felt like his skin was crawling with irritating parasites that wanted to burrow into his brain.
‘Do you mean the destruction of Erase?’ Alexander bit his lip so hard that he made it bleed. Still the words continued to flow out of his mouth. Despite his best efforts, he could not control his tongue.
‘It always starts like this, so unassuming, malady is the facilitator. It’s the remedy that will kill you.’
The words rattled around in his brain. It did not make sense to him. There was no reason for Nett to want to destroy everyone around him. Up until that moment, Alexander had assumed they were allies. As the idea spread throughout his mind, he started to doubt his initial conclusions.
‘They’re already seeking you out. Apply pressure to the right spot, most will break.’
‘I suppose spending time with someone doesn’t immediately mean your best friends or even that you like each other. Especially if you’re forced together. Mmm.’ He muttered to himself. ‘I have been rather naive. Hopefully no one suffers for my ignorance.’
‘Give them your permission and the damage they cause will be irreversible.’
‘Who would ask for this?’ Alexander pondered. ‘Wrong question. What do you want in return? Desire can be such a deadly mistress.’
‘More!’ Field’s shrieked; it echoed around the space. ‘There’s no need for such nefarious ideas.’
Alexander was temporarily deafened. The sweat was streaming profusely down his face. It was blinding him. His fingertips were grasping for any kind of solace. They slid down the walls. It felt like the walls were closing in on him as all his senses started to fail him.
‘Soon no one will be left, but that’s just the way he likes it. If he can’t have it all then no one can have a piece.’
‘I don’t like people. Doesn’t mean I wish them harm,’ Alexander squeaked; his voice was starting to fail him too.
‘There’s a twist to this monotonous tale. Everything is coming to light, soon there will be nowhere to hide. Because there will be no one left. If Nett gets his way that is.’
Even with the sweat dripping into his eyes, they were so dry. It felt like at any moment they might fall out and leave him utterly abandoned.
‘A surreptitious speck of dust that spells your doom. You are a warm creature but one that can and will be transformed.’
‘What happened to needing permission?’ He shook his head. The question was so stupid as soon as it came out of his mouth he cursed himself for being so naive.
‘Come out now! Everything I do I do for you.’ The fake sentiment almost got caught in the back of Field’s throat but somehow he managed to say the lie as if he truly believe his flimsy words. ‘It’s your wellbeing that I think of.’
‘Leave me alone, why can’t you just leave me alone!’ Alexander screamed down the tunnel before dashing in the opposite direction.
‘Why are you so mad? We are wolves after all and we must let in our kin.’
The ruse seemed to be working, Alexander could no longer hear heavy footsteps behind him.
‘There’s nowhere to run we control the left, the right. Hide if you must, eventually we will find you and when we do, oh what fun we will have together. Are you excited?’ Field asked the question but he seemed to be anything but; his tone was so ferocious that it felt like he was inches away.



60



‘What have you done?’ Raven gasped. The sharp intake of air made her choke on her own spit. She struggled to clear her throat. It felt like a lump was lodged there. Suddenly she realised why she felt so strange, her emotions were raging away. There was no way to control them. It made her feel physically sick. She could feel all the veins in her head throb and whine at her. It was starting to reach a crescendo. One that she could no longer ignore or control. At any moment she felt like she might explode.
‘Nothing much.’
‘Really?’ She narrowed her eyes. ‘Pretend you are a normal person and not a psycho for a minute and tell us what you have done.’
Nett shrugged. ‘Just destroyed all the exits so everyone slowly suffocates.’
‘We have to help them,’ Kershaw sprinted out of the room.
‘Yeah that’s right, very slowly and painfully. So while you do have the time, they are unreachable so,’ Nett drew his thumb across his neck and chuckled. ‘Probably a waste of it.
‘I thought they were your allies.’ Her gums were pulsating with pain. They stretched awkwardly over her sharp teeth. Even speaking was becoming too painful.
‘We had similar goals, mainly kill Cody, but our paths defiantly diverged after that.’
She tried to move past him but he blocked her.
‘I say this not because I care,’ he shook his head like a rabid dog; bits of dirt and dust flew off. ‘But because I prefer efficiency over anything else. It truly is a waste of time and effort. So don’t bother.’
The sneeze was so explosive, she felt like her teeth were flying out. She cradled her jaw and snuffled a little. The thought of his muck clogging up her windpipe was causing her stomach to churn.
‘I find you lacking in every area. Don’t tell anyone,’ he smiled and winked. ‘But that’s what I like about you.’
‘Get out of my way I need to help.’
‘No you don’t. You’d have done it already if that was the case. But what is stopping you? There is defiantly something.’
‘Right now you.’ She shoved him to the side but he did not move an inch. The difference in their strength was astounding. She felt so weak and small beside him.
‘Kershaw ran past me quite easily, yet she made no attempt to fight her way past me. Is the difference in approach merely priority driven or are you really looking for a fight?’
‘That was my mistake, not to go straight away like Kershaw. Let me rectify that mistake.’
‘Fear, no,’ he turned his head and smirked. ‘Selfishness. Kershaw is going to a place where you cannot follow and deep down you have always known it. Everyone leaves you. You are always one step behind everyone else and you always will be. How much longer are you going to be a mess? At least the rest of them have something going for them but you do not. Jealousy, resentment, regret will be your only companions. Have a long life. So the misery can ooze into your every cell. Fill you up with all the things you hate.’
‘We’ve all had a horrible time of it,’ she shivered. ‘But you really are something else.’
‘Trauma shows a person for who they really are,’ sweat was dripping off his forehead. ‘Unfortunately for most, that is not a good person. Defiantly something you don’t want to see.’
Suddenly she realised what was missing. The usual blast of counterfeit air was no longer invading her nostrils. It had blackened her nasal passage for the last time.
‘I can make my own choices thank you,’ she pushed past him and sprinted out of the room.
He let her go.
She realised that it was not a place she wanted to be. Somewhere along the way she had been forced into a situation that she did not want to be in. The realisation hit her like a ton of bricks. She felt foolish and lost. It was a dangerous mood to be in when she was all alone and very vulnerable. She tried to shake it away but it clung to her skin and poisoned her thoughts.
It squeezed her insides and made it hard to breathe. She stumbled through the corridors. Every step was wobbly. Her coordination would not return to her. Anxiety filled her body with a nervous energy that she could not shake. Even though she was struggling through every step, time seemed to be speeding up for her. Everything she wanted but could never reach was taunting her mind. She wanted to run away from it yet the memories still clung to her.
Before she could catch her breath, she found herself staring out at the hole in the wall. Kershaw was gone, the rope was broken.
The breeze was drawing Raven forward. Her feet skirted around the edge. If she jumped too then there would be no way to undo the action. They would both be stuck down there.
She pondered her options.
‘Oh hey Raven,’ Field’s deep voice startled her. ‘You haven’t seen Alexander in your travels, have you?’
She waved her arms like a windmill. Her feet were starting to lose the floor. Before that could happen, a sweaty palm enveloped her hand. He yanked her back into the room. For some reason, she felt a strong pull towards the ledge and away from him.
‘Have you?’
‘No. What do you want him for?’
‘He ran away from me.’
‘Why?’
‘He opened the panel down there and walked straight into Erase. It was a mess of corridors and he left me within them.’
‘So if you’re down there, there is a way back in?’
‘For Alexander yes but not for us.’
‘Okay,’ she pushed him away and jumped.



61



‘Why are you so surprised? If you keep knocking on the door eventually someone is bound to answer it.’ Alexander repeated the words but his tired mind could not fully grasp their meaning. In that moment he just wanted to rest. It did not matter where or with who. His eyes were already starting to close. He tried to fight against it but his mind was already fast asleep.
‘Are you a parrot now? Didn’t realise you could be so obedient. Was that the answer all along? Break the people around you to break your spirit? Enfield, Perry, Cody. Come back I found out the only thing you wanted to know about in your miserable lives.’ Nett waited for their reply with his ear pointed to the ground; he scoffed. ‘The only answer you could never find. I found it so easily.’
His head fell, the movement jolted him awake.
‘They aren’t answering me.’
‘Don’t feel too bad I wouldn’t answer you either.’
‘You are though.’
‘I don’t even know what we are talking about right now. Just goes to show you,’ he yawned. ‘You’ll never truly know someone.’
Nett crinkled his brow, ‘You don’t even know yourself, why would you suddenly be lecturing me?’
‘Does it make sense to anyone?’
‘What?’
‘I imagine that sound was you.’
‘Sound? Have you finally gone insane from the lack of sleep? What gibberish are you spouting?’
‘When did you decide to trap them all down there and why?’ Alexander massaged his temples. At this stage his ears where no longer working. Not only did he not know what he was saying, he did not know what Nett was talking about either. Despite the lack of feedback, he felt the need to continue the conversation. The only thing more awkward would be silence. It did not seem to matter that he was on automatic pilot, Nett still looked amused by it all.
‘Oh that, you were being so vague.’
‘What else have you done?’
‘More than you can ever imagine.’ Nett smirked. ‘Why do you insist on making your life ten times harder, finding a million reasons to be upset? Even your worst enemy could not do a better job of torturing you. It’s so sad to watch. There is no joy in it.’
‘Really?’
Nett held up his fingers and pinched them together so tightly that they turned pink.
‘Riveting stuff,’ Alexander blinked so slowly that he almost missed the movement.
‘You must know I don’t mean to play with your emotions. I’m just so good at it and undoubtedly it is a rush to have you all hanging on my every word. You were born to be less than me, I made sure of that. Crept in while you were sleeping and made you crave something you can never have.’ Nett’s grin was wider than his fingers but only just. It was unsettling. A symphony of conflicting and competing waves of rage and turmoil.
‘I see.’
‘So unnatural, what we have but for you to want it too. You are no better than us.’
‘Like that matters,’ Alexander shrugged; his shoulders felt so heavy, he instantly regretted the movement. ‘Why concern yourself so much with what someone else does, thinks, feels, or doesn’t do?’
‘You do.’
‘I don’t care.’
‘Are you going to kill me?’
‘I think you would enjoy that a little too much.’
Nett grinned; it was an unsettling sight. ‘There it is, I just remembered why I like you so much.’
‘But not enough to stop what you’ve planned?’
‘You’re safe where you are, just don’t move.’
‘And my friends?’
Nett’s smile widened so unnaturally that it sent shivers down Alexander’s spine. ‘They moved.’



62



Raven wiggled and struggled but she could not break Field’s grip on her collar. Her heart was screaming at her. Yet she could not answer the call. She was not where she wanted to be. With every single moment that past, her heart ached a little more. Eventually she was not even able to see the place she wanted to be. He was dragging her further in. To a life she did not want.
‘There’s nothing you can do for Kershaw now. She made her bed, she’ll have to sleep there forever.’ Field’s forehead crinkled as he released her like he was just as surprised by it as she was.
She wondered if she could run far enough faster enough that he would not catch her and drag her back down to the depths of depravity.
‘I didn’t think you cared about anyone other than yourself. Am I wrong in that assumption or are you playing with me?’
‘Is it really too late?’ Her shoulders drooped but she made no attempt to move towards Kershaw.
‘Yes. You are not suppose to be there anymore.’
‘And here, was I ever suppose to be here?’
‘Maybe only in your heart, you have found a way past the barrier. Home.’
‘I don’t belong there either.’
‘Neither do I.’ He sighed. ‘Do you know what it’s like to have all the doors slam shut in your face? Wrong place, wrong time, wrong person, it’s all wrong.’
‘You weep for this cruel world when it’s people like you that ruin it for the rest of us.’
‘Very strange thing to say to someone who just saved your life. Shall I take it back again?’ He gripped the device but the key piece of information remained hidden. There was no way for her to defend herself against something so vague.
‘Just throw me down there, I’d rather be there than here with you.’ She could not guess his true intentions. The possibilities were endless.
‘Lighten up, why are you so serious all the time? Aren’t you tired of it all by now. Let’s just go where they told me to take you and then we can rest for now. Ultimately the path you’re choosing only leads to despair, don’t be distracted by the pretty wrapper.’ He looked into her eyes with such a profound sadness, she felt her heart break. ‘Or you’ll end up walking into something that clings to you like a spiderweb embedded into your skin. Wiggling through your skin until you can’t feel it anymore.’
She was incredulous. Dozens of people had lectured her about how poorly she was living her life but she never thought he would. Worse yet he was actually making sense.
‘Something you can’t wipe off because it’s already burrowed its way into you, so deep, so invasive, you’ll never be able to pull it out or trace its path.’ He grabbed her again. ‘Because in no time at all it is you.’
‘I don’t know you. But I do understand you.’ She winced.
His grip tightened.
She bit her lip to stop the yelp. There was no way she would let it escape her lips. He was already too unpredictable, the words that were suppose to manipulate him had backfired horribly.
‘No one does. And the same for you. Yet we can’t comfort each other because maybe that person doesn’t exist for us. We are too strange.’
‘In my dreams I have found someone.’
‘Alexander?’
‘Way out of my league.’
‘He’s not as good as you think he is.’
‘No one is, for sure he’s better than me.’ She watched the dark and wispy clouds linger over a pale blue sky. A bright and blurry yellow that stood out to her. It was a flower. But it was never clear to her warped vision. The memories were so fragmented. She cursed herself for not appreciating it all. A warm and safe place that belonged only in her fading memory.



63



Kershaw held her breath. A thick fog was descending rapidly onto the area. She hugged the side of the building and held out for as long as she could. Her hand was trembling but she did not let go of the panel.
‘That’s everyone,’ the voice rasped at her before disappearing into the tunnel.
Her hand dropped. She barely had the energy to shuffle her feet forward.
‘Help me!’
She leant heavily against the wall. Even though she could not see anyone, the stranger’s heavy footsteps were slowly making their way towards her.
A whooshing sound was the only reason she knew the door had closed. Her eyes were streaming. It felt like a goopy substance was pouring out of them. She struggled to open them. Unwillingly to be blind in front of a possible enemy. The skin around her eyes ached.
Fox stumbled into her. ‘Save yourself, go now. She wants to hurt me not you.’ His soft tone was hindered by the thick fog. It made his words sound harsh and raspy.
‘She isn’t getting what she wants, not today.’ The words made Kershaw’s heart flutter. But it was too late to back down.
‘What have I done?’ His hard swallow, darting eyes and shuffling feet were lacklustre.
‘I’m sick of your name followed by a problem, it’s tiresome. You are tiresome.’ A nameless and faceless creature stood before them.
‘How do you have the courage to stand in front of me knowing what you are?’
‘Go back up, there is nothing you can do for them.’ The husky growl and commanding tone made her quiver.
‘You’re too late. They’re already inside.’
‘How?’
‘I still have access to this building,’ she masked the pain in her voice. ‘I worked here and so did you. You’re not above it, you’re not always right. Circumstances have changed and we must change with them. It has corrupted us all.’
‘Mm I should have recognised that whispered whimper of yours sooner. A nasal monstrosity.’ Fox spluttered and stumbled back. ‘You’re Nett’s mother. Parsley.’
‘Basil.’
‘Oh hell no,’ Fox tumbled into the wall and pulled Kershaw in front of him.
‘Are you having trouble standing?’
‘Concern for our wellbeing? What is it that you need me for?’ Kershaw spat out the words as she ignored Fox’s incessant taps on her shoulder. ‘I have heard of you but I do not fear you.’
‘Last warning, go.’
‘Are your words used in the same way Nett was warned to stay away from Erase? Not because he’s stupid but because he’s something precious to you and you don’t want him to get hurt.’ She ignored the dull ache in the back of her mind and continued. ‘No. You don’t warn us for our sake. What do you need from me?’
‘There is nothing you can do for them.’
‘I just did.’ She pressed her hand to the panel and pushed Fox through the open tunnel. The device was tucked behind her. Her knuckles turned white as she tightened her grip on it.
‘Why would you do that?’ Basil’s spluttering response was hampered by her surprise. She was flabbergasted but it would not last long. There was only one more move to make before it was too late.
Kershaw grabbed the device and fired.



64



Alexander’s back slid down the wall as his trembling legs could no longer bear the burden of his heavy heart. The room felt so dark. Sunlight could not reach where they were. It would not matter either way. Nothing could penetrate the solid shell. He could feel the emotions bubbling up within him. The more he tried to choke it back, the more ferocious it became. His eyes were weeping at the same rate as his nose. Desperately he swatted away the unwanted liquid. It continued to stream down his cheeks and into his mouth. His gasping chokes were untameable.
‘It’s already done,’ Nett was an emotionless blob. There was no way to get through to him and it was already too late to try. It looked like his teeth were trying to crawl out of his mouth.
He placed his head in his hands.
‘There is no respect between us because you refuse to give it. We can’t stand together because you won’t let your morals go. To survive you must let everything go and just focus on adapting to your environment. There is no way to truly control it, not for long anyway. It is a fickle beast that you can’t tame, so just jump on and enjoy the ride.’
‘You always look for a reason to tear everyone apart? To rip yourself away from others, what’s the point of living like that? Why are you thanking them for leaving you the crumbs? Worst still they only let you have the crumbs of your own being.’
‘Why can’t you just be normal? You don’t have to feel every single little twinge of pain. Every speck of dust that flies by, you don’t need to mourn it.’
Tears streamed down Alexander’s cheeks. But he was not sad for his friends, he was mourning his own loneliness. Even though he did not crave people’s company, he still felt so exposed without it.
‘If you see a weakness you should get rid of it or it will control you, take over your entire life even. Can you just decide to be the person you want to be, cut the ties that bind once and for all? Don’t do it for yourself, do it for Raven.’
‘Careful.’ As Alexander smirked, a salty taste filled his mouth; the tears were still making his vision blurry and his skin felt sticky. ‘Don’t make too many enemies. Sure if you let them in, they’ll show their weakness but you also show yours.’
‘Are you threatening me?’ Nett raised his eyebrow and scoffed. The dark shadows underneath his eyes were suddenly so noticeable. But it was a weird twisting movement that made Alexander panic.
It took a while for Alexander’s twitching eyes to focus. He almost gasped as he recognised the injured man. Fox was covered in filth. It was impossible to decipher what the substance was made out of. The only thing that mattered was the smell. Fox’s shuffling movements were quiet enough but the closer he got, the harder it would be to disguise his presence.
‘You need to be at peace with yourself, or rest will be an elusive myth that you cannot attain.’ Alexander steadied his voice; he tried not to yell but it felt like Fox was making too much noise. With every unsteady step, Alexander’s heartbeats were the only thing he could hear. The movements were so painfully slow.
‘I’m not a thief, everything I have was given to me. They had a choice, maybe I left out some facts, charmed my way out of the details. But is it my fault they made the wrong one?’
‘Flustered and furious you will be blind to the truth and act irrational. An irascible person is not a smart one.’ Alexander widened his eyes and glanced at the exit but Fox did not listen to the warning. ‘If you treat people like they are replaceable or disposable even if you know how to manipulate their desires, they will never be loyal to you.’
‘It’s easy to read it, understanding, now that’s a different matter entirely.’
‘What the hell are you talking about?’ Alexander screamed. Suddenly he locked eyes with Fox. They looked into each other eyes and realised the truth. It was a weird moment. Somehow they were stuck together in the lie, unsure of what the other person was going to do about it.
‘Cause yelling is really helping.’ Nett rolled his eyes. ‘I assumed we were being vague for the sake of our fake friendship.’
Alexander bit his lips; his mouth was uncomfortably dry.
‘Most people are just liars who can’t hide behind ignorance. They know it’s bad but turn away. Will you turn away now?’
‘If it’s too easy and it doesn’t make sense then it’s likely a trap. I assume that you’re very intelligent and a few steps ahead. Letting me run around would never suit your purpose.’
‘Cody was worse than me, at least you got an upgrade for your impeding doom.’
‘Right and wrong. It doesn’t matter at what level. It all leads down the same road. The sad part is we all have the opportunity to turn around at any time but we don’t want to lose what we foolishly think we’ve gained by going the right way. Perhaps we even fool ourselves into thinking it is the right way. The delusions of a fool.’ Alexander’s voice wavered, his entire body was still aching.
The emotional turmoil was still raging inside him. He tried to take some deep breaths but he could not calm himself down. His whole body was electrified with despair. An uncontrollable force that made him feel sick to his stomach. He could not shake away from it. It consumed him.
‘Let me tell you a secret. People who care about power never want to share it.’
‘If your intent is destruction there will be no way to hide it. Eventually if you say something enough times people start to doubt their sanity. But they don’t forget it entirely. Your actions will catch up to you.’
‘I have prepared every move and countermove. What’s more I gave them the perfect illusion, the ones that are left will continue to ignore its flaws.’
‘Boldly devious, Cody hated you for being exactly like him. You forced him into Raven’s path. There was no way he would stop by himself. You knew that because you are the same.’
‘Everyone has ambition, their own little twisted desires. The trick, don’t be a slave to them all the time or nothing ever gets done.’
‘You’re so busy being a selfish person. Can you imagine what the world would look like if you tried to be selfless not even succeed at, just tried to be?’
A sudden movement made Alexander jump. This time a woman had appeared out of the tunnel. She was just as dirty as if she had fought the same creature that Fox had. Her footsteps were quieter, her body was not as damaged. Before Alexander could take a breath she was right behind Fox.
‘Think you see the man behind the mask but you just see another mask. Uncertainty is your home, it’s the way you keep your enemy unbalanced.’ Nett glanced behind him. ‘One of the ways. They want, they trust, they reach for, I ruin it, I take it, I control them. What are you doing here, mother?’
‘Mother? Oregano.’ Alexander gulped. Lines marred the woman’s shiny and pigmented skin.
‘Basil!’ Fox yelped in pain as the mysterious woman kicked him. The movement was so quick that he was already on the ground before their eyes could register the situation had changed.
‘My name is Basil, I haven’t been gone that long, have I? Why is everyone mixing up my name today?’
Alexander bit down on his lip as he chastised himself. Her reputation was fierce. He tried to remember all their interactions. In his mind he could see all the words been spoken but he could not hear them. He had to assume that she was not angry with him. Until that moment came, he pulled at the skin underneath his fingernails.
‘How quickly Enfield could turn any situation around to his advantage. He was adroit. You, not so much.’
‘Why compare me with a relic, mother?’ Nett gritted his teeth. ‘All you came to do was criticize?’
‘I saved you.’
Nett stared deep into Alexander’s eyes, ‘Now I know who my enemies are!’
‘Did you open the door to let one out or trap the others in?’
‘I—’ Nett fell to the floor.
‘Once you start a game, you are both vulnerable to the outcome. You must continue to show up and play even though you feel like your luck is about to run out.’ She was holding a device in her hand. It looked like the device that belonged to Kershaw.
Nett and Fox started to shriek before violent convulsion shook away their senses.
‘Did Kershaw give you that?’ Alexander lifted his head up as he strained to see the device.
‘For your life, a cheap price.’
‘What exactly are you trying to do?’
‘There is no mercy, only pain. Something that they signed up for too long ago.’
Alexander held back the vomit but the horror was written all over his face. It contorted into various shapes until it too went silent.
‘What’s missing, what remains.’ Her eyes jumped to his face but her head was still pointing towards Nett. ‘Reminds. Can only torture the living.’
The look was so unsettling that he physically had to turn away from her.
‘Tell me some of your secrets, and all of your lies.’
To his horror she was already inches away from his face. He pressed his lips together, the last thing he wanted was to be touched by such a creature.
‘In the end your lies tell me more about you and are therefore more intriguing than anything else could ever be.’
‘Why?’ His voice trembled. It was a stupid thing to ask. He was already in an awkward position. His fingertips were clinging onto a thread in his clothing. No matter how hard he held onto it, the turmoil within him continued to rage. There was no quiet place in a world full of noise.
‘A master is just the first person who is a slave to it. I’m more interested in something I can never get by force.’ She turned slightly towards her son. ‘Him on the other hand was weak.’
‘I think a person who gets things by force likes hatred.’
All the trauma caught up with him. Suddenly his mind was frozen. A haze of painful dots that stomped onto his brain. He could not function. His stomach did not even have the energy to growl. Even though he could not remember when he last ate, he felt so sick to his stomach that food was no longer his friend. Nothing could restore his energy, he was completely drained and no longer had the desire to recharge. Everything was so tiring.
‘Indeed.’ She smiled. ‘Do you like the monster you wanted? One that you no longer control. Are you shocked to find that you are staring in a mirror? Creaking away in darkness. Always alone, wanting to control others because you can’t control yourself. Conceptionally you are the master of their doom. The device was made by you. Everything is made by you. We can’t create.’
His lip trembled. Every idea in his head lead to misery, every device that came from him was destructive. By its very nature it could never be anything more than a weapon that craved annihilation. His breathing became uneven as his eyes tried to search for a way out of the conflicting emotions.
Her flat stare and dull eyes gazed back at him. She was able to look past such trivial things, no longer human. With a heart of stone, she was punished in other areas.
‘Power by its very nature eats away at you.’ The change in the volume and intensity of his voice was jarring, even to him. He did not expect to feel so strongly about it. His own emotions were a surprise to everyone especially himself.
‘Are you trying to warn me?’ Her face was so puffy as if it was an allergic reaction to life itself. ‘How sweet.’
‘Because life at its essence can’t be controlled.’
‘I like your mind. Tell you what, I shouldn’t be, but I’ll granted you one wish. Do you want me to spare you the pain that they are going through?’
‘I want to be good enough.’
She laughed. ‘Is this your way of stopping me for tearing you to shreds, giving me something that is impossible?’
‘What do you want me to ask for then?’
‘Don’t be like that.’
‘I want to be normal.’
‘Normal?’ She chuckled. ‘No my dear, no one is.’
He closed his eyes.
‘Fitting that you are Erase’s last victim. Considering it wouldn’t exist without you.’
His eyes flew open. Something was dancing at the edges of his vision. If he was not mistaken, he thought he saw the edges of a bright blue sky. It was a sight that was so familiar to him. One that he had ingrained into his being. It was an environment that he had created so long ago. He was so tired. His mind was not processing anything anymore. It was overwhelmed by conflicting emotions. The more he tried to block them out, the more ferocious they became.
Physically he felt ill, his temperature was fluctuating between ice cold and burning flames. Erase had never hurt before, it was a sanctuary for human pain not an amplifier of it. The place he found him stuck in was not one he had created. Perhaps it was a parasite that fed off his design but there was no way he had created a place so awful.
His head was heavier than his limbs. One of his eyes felt like it wanted to crawl out of his skull. The heavy feeling was a disorienting vortex that he could not escape from.
‘Silverbeet, where are we?’
‘Basil, come on, is it really that hard to remember my name? With my reputation. This is mind blowing.’
‘Did you kiss me?’
‘Yes.’
‘Why did you kiss me?’
‘For the audience.’
‘Who was in the audience? Audience, more than one. Who?’
‘For your reaction.’
‘Which was?’
‘Nothing.’
‘I would’ve done something, but I can’t now?’
‘They twisted Erase into a monster that even you couldn’t control anymore. Do you want to continue to make things for them?’
‘I have a choice?’
She smiled. Her teeth were a black void just like her heart.
‘I made the wrong choice.’
‘We all did.’
His laughter surprised her. ‘You have no idea the truth in that statement. How amusing.’
‘What is?’
‘Why do you think the jokes on us? You laugh away thinking we can’t see what’s going on right in front of our faces. But it is you who is being delusional.’
‘Your words make me sick.’
‘And yours make me laugh because you are sick. Instead of looking for the cure, you drink the poison. You are the poison.’
‘Explain your words, your laughter, your joy. Why do you look like someone who hasn’t lost a thing. When you’ve lost everything?’ She studied his face. ‘It’s not stupidity, you understand the situation. Why aren’t you afraid?’
‘Do you know why Kershaw gave you that specific device?’ He nodded towards the sparkly dot on the dark device.
‘No.’
‘Do you know what it does?’
‘She fired it at me.’ Her hand shook as she brushed a piece of dirt off her shoulder. It looked like she was reliving every painful moment of her encounter with Kershaw.
‘But do you know what it really does?’ He did not enjoy seeing her pain. It was a weird emotion that coated his being. He no longer wanted any of it. All he needed was for it to be over. For them to stop interfering in his life, stop whispering in his ear and stop pushing him towards a life he did not want.
Basil’s face contorted. She raised an eyebrow as she studied every inch of the device. Her confusion was captivating. He had never seen her so vulnerable before. All the emotions he assumed she could not express were all swirling around her face. A tornado of self-doubt, regret, anxiety and self-hatred.
‘Interesting that you would use a device that you do not recognise and so close to the mainframe. Don’t tell me everyone’s hiding out in there? That’s right, the victims weren’t victims of anything except perhaps a sloppy deception that never quite rung true.’ He smiled. ‘It’s time for you to be erased.’
She threw the device onto the polished marble floor and smashed her foot into it until only pieces of it remained. Nothing changed. Nett and Fox were still withering around in pain. It was the first time he had ever seen fear on her face. A sharp and intense emotion that frozen her whole body to the spot. Even if she wanted to do something, she looked like she had forgotten how to put one foot in front of the other.
‘The moment you allowed Kershaw to walk back in here, is the moment you lost.’ A soft smile spread across his lips. ‘Eventually you would have to reveal yourself, people like you always do.’
‘I don’t understand, we made you what you are today. Both of you were my,’ her lip trembled. ‘Everything I threw your way, it made you better. I made you better.’
‘It’s not your mistakes that will devour you but your success.’
