
Wake Me If You’re Out There
Four Short Stories

Written by
Grimm Kadence

Copyright © 2021 Grimm Kadence
All rights reserved.
V1.6
Readers,
I ask only one thing of you: if you dislike this book and want to write a review, please let myself and other potential readers know, somewhere within that review, why this book wasn’t for you. Was it the dark tone of the stories, the overall story/plot, the writing itself, the characters, the gore and adult language or something else? I always appreciate details and specifics, afterall, if I’m unsure of the problem, I can’t fix it in the next book.
To those of you who’ve down-rated my books and told me exactly why, thank you; you’ve taught me to be a better author.
To those of you who’ve given four- and five-star reviews on my books, thank you so much! Your reviews are the ones that make all the hard work and late nights totally worth it. If I could, I’d take you all out for your favorite dinner.
—Grimm Kadence



Don’t be afraid of the dark; it’s a place where you can hide.
—Grimm Kadence

Contents

Déjà Visité
Oliver
The Porcelain Man
Dark Phases
Author Notes
Déjà Visité
Gloria King, a curvy middle-aged woman in a dark blue cotton sundress, gave her son a smile from behind the wheel as she looked over to find him staring out the window. Elijah sat in the passenger seat of his mother’s four-door sedan cruising on the open highway. She followed his gaze as he focused on a few hawks soaring over the town’s cemetery while the radio played a soft song in the background. The birds’ wings seemed to float weightless on the breeze, as if it took no effort to see the town from such great heights.
She readjusted the seat belt cutting between her breasts. She was proud of Elijah and would tell everyone at her weekly book club how much he had grown and that, even though he was only eight, he was already shooting baskets on their ten-foot-tall hoop. Most mothers think their children are special, but, in Gloria’s case, it was true.
Elijah’s first vision occurred when he was five. He came in from playing in the backyard and told his mother that Daddy wouldn’t be coming home from work, that he had gotten himself killed in the oil fields. A few minutes later, the phone had rung.
And that’s when Gloria knew to take special note of Elijah’s words.
Elijah kicked the backs of his bare feet against the bottom of the passenger seat.
“Sweetie, put on your shoes. We’re almost home,” Gloria said.
He lifted the chest strap of the seat belt over his head and placed it behind his shoulders, which allowed him to lean far forward to retrieve his sneakers.
“There’ll be a train,” he said, slipping one of his white Chucks over his left foot.
“There’s always a train.”
Elijah laughed and, once finished with his shoes, replaced the seat belt over his chest.
The sedan cruised over a hill at fifty-five miles per hour; a freight train up ahead coughed up black smoke and chugged along at a brisk pace. Elijah focused on the crossing sign that denied them access to their route home. Two red lights took turns flashing, and a white, red and black automatic gate blocked their path. The sedan came to a stop in front of it. Elijah mouthed the words, Arpac Pirates, as he read the sloppy tag on one of the long steel cars as it sailed by.
“Can you see how long it is?”
“About twenty cars to go,” he said.
The last remaining rays from the sun, cut in half by the horizon, stretched across the darkening sky, yet it was destined to be another humid July night. Gloria turned on the air conditioner and then adjusted the knob to the lowest setting. The cool air flowed from the vents and met her son’s outstretched hands as his fingers danced in the new breeze. The last railcar jetted by, exposing a wide river flowing through rich green trees, tall grass and wild shrubs. The train gate lifted and allowed them access to the bridge. Another mile down the road and they were home.
• • •
Elijah stared into the bathroom mirror and examined his eyes. He pulled his toothbrush from his white teeth and spit in the sink, then rinsed. The air was still heavy, filled with moisture, and his shaggy hair, damp. All around the mirror’s edge was a fog so dense it only revealed hazy colors. The showerhead dripped into the tub in bursts of threes.
“You ready for bed?” asked his mom, passing by.
“Yes, I’m ready.”
The house’s air-conditioning had done well throughout the day to cool the wood floors, and, as Elijah exited the bathroom, that sharp cold on the bottom of his bare feet made him scurry through the hallway. He loved the little things so much about the old farmhouse: the way the pipes creaked when turning on the water, the flicker in the lights during storms and the way the whole place seemed to vibrate when a big truck rumbled by.
He entered his room, welcomed by posters of fantasy characters, a small collection of dangling dream catchers, illuminated lampshades and a made-up wooden bed. Sinking into the bed’s soft mattress, Elijah let out a sigh as the cold sheets sent a shock wave up his arms and legs.
“All right,” his mom said, taking a seat on the edge of his mattress. “What prayer would you like to say tonight?”
“I want to say The Last Prayer.” Elijah folded his hands over his chest.
“I haven’t heard that one in a while. I was kind of hoping you’d forgotten about it because it’s a little weird.”
Elijah smiled. “I like it.” He waited until his mom clasped her hands in her lap and closed her eyes; then he too closed his eyes and recited the prayer.
“God, I’m only one of billions here, but, deep inside, I’m filled with fear. / If you can grant me wings to fly, I’ll paint the stars in Heaven’s sky. / While devils dance up in the trees, breathing fire in the breeze, / wash them out with heavy rain to save the Earth from all its pain.”
“Good night, Eli. I’ll see you tomorrow,” his mom said and kissed his forehead.
“Night, Mom.”
She clicked off a switch that darkened his lamps, and she closed his door.
The sudden dark had him viewing colors shifting in a rhythmic pattern. The stillness of a quiet night, the hint of the moon’s glow through his windows—becoming more prominent by the minute—and the hum of his ceiling fan delicately forced the boy’s eyes closed. It didn’t take long before Elijah drifted off.
• • •
Elijah stepped forward as his arm followed through and his fingers released a rock, sending it sailing through an attic window of an old farmhouse. The glass shattered, giving him a delightfully accomplished feeling. Frugal owners who viewed paint, brick and shingles as unneeded luxuries must have built the place: a two-story shack in the middle of a lot filled with numerous old garages and a large barn. A chicken coop and a junk pile filled with old machine parts sat to the back of the house, where Elijah stood with two young girls. The kids were unaware that the forest of pines, firs and cottonwoods surrounding the entire property went on for miles and miles.
“Where did that come from?” asked one of the girls, the older of the two, wearing a red dress and a bright yellow flower in her hair.
Her name was Lilly. Elijah was quite confident that one day, he would marry her. Her flowing brown hair, pale complexion, kind eyes and pretty smile made her the most popular girl in their third-grade class. Elijah looked forward to the daily bus rides to and from school, where he always sat next to her at the very back, almost hidden from all the other students.
“Where did what come from?” Elijah saw her focus on his blue jeans.
As he followed her gaze, he saw a thick red smear of blood spatter on his left pant leg that had soaked into and dripped down the fabric of his jeans.
“I don’t know,” he said. “Is it blood?” His fingers sampled the cherry-red substance, finding its sticky texture dried easy as his thumb painted the tip of his index finger. Soon his hands were frantic to find the source, pulling at his clothes as if they were burning. He found no cuts or scrapes.
Elijah took notice as a raven let out a low guttural call from its perched position on the roof.
Amelia, a pretty blonde girl a grade below them, stared at the pieces of shattered glass that now lay on the sloped roof to the porch of the farmhouse. She ran her hands down the length of her pink T-shirt, probably keeping them dry while her nerves worked against her. She wore white shoes that fastened with a small strap, not made for this kind of terrain. Black tights ran up her legs, disappearing under a white skirt, and a blue backpack clung to her tiny shoulders. Her gaze turned to the sky. Gray clouds. No sun. She brushed her short blond hair from her face. “We shouldn’t be here,” she said.
A quick shuffle in the tall grass and weeds—blended with the added sounds of heavy breaths—put the kids’ hearts into a quicker beat.
“You’re damn right you shouldn’t be here. This is private property.” A woman raced toward the kids from the side of the house. “This isn’t a playground.”
The bun in her hair added at least ten years to her already middle-aged appearance, and a cigarette bounced with the movement of her lips. “Who are you?” The breeze tried its damnedest to push her long white dress around, but the fat underneath kept it stretched too tight; only the loose fraying hem that hung below her knees moved. Her crass demeanor included a menacing stare that could have scared crows from a field. “You’re coming with me.”
Elijah experienced sheer terror when her hand gripped his arm, pulled him close and forced him around the side of the house. Her grip was strong, and he was certain she would leave a bruise. The overbearing woman smelled of menthol and mothballs, a scent that triggered a memory of the young boy’s grandparents’ house when he was only four or five, a time when he used to play in their oversize closets and would bury himself in piles of coats.
He glanced in the farmhouse’s dirt-covered window to see the interior of the rotted, withered home. An old wooden coffee table and a few broken wooden chairs sat alone, seemingly untouched for years. Elijah tried to keep his pace as the woman pulled him to the next window, farther down the length of the house.
Inside, something caught his eye. He squinted and focused his vision past his dull reflection in another dirty window. A dark shape with fluid movements and the speed of a jaguar in chase darted from a distant doorway toward this window at the back of the house. Elijah tried to pull himself from Madam Mothball’s grasp, but she wouldn’t let up. He froze in place, not taking his gaze from the interior floorboards to catch a better glance of what ran inside the house. Madam saw his downward stare and peered through the dirt-covered glass window. Her grip on Elijah’s arm tightened, and a single breath, so hot it fogged the pane of glass, told him that she was inconvenienced by his lack of cooperation.
A head and broad shoulders appeared behind the glass, while hands balled into fists slammed into the window. The sight sent Elijah to the ground, scraping his palms on rocks in the process. With two sunken skin-covered sockets where its eyes should have been and no nose to fill the oozing hole where its nostrils once were, the abomination made up for its lack of facial features with its giant mouth, black tongue and shit-stained brown teeth.
“No,” Madam Mothball yelled through the window at the figure inside. “He’s mine to play with.”
Before Elijah could shake off the effects of his fall and could process the nightmare that stood before him, Madam pulled him to his feet, and they ran. Her hand engulfed his, and he didn’t look back.
They cut through the front yard, racing through more weeds and rocks. His shoes kicked up loose dirt, and he heard a commotion behind him, all the while imagining the mouthy creature on his heels.
Elijah and Madam hunched down in the dirt behind a dead thorn-covered bush. The breeze intensified the old woman’s smell, filling his nose with the odors of dust, smoke and cooking grease.
He peered through the leaves to see Amelia helping Lilly to her feet. He could see their panic and that Lilly’s knees were skinned and bloody. With his heart racing and his hand still grasping the manhandler’s, Elijah wondered if he should go to Lilly. He thought that any boy worthy of a girl like that wouldn’t have left her behind in the first place. If he truly loved her, he would rescue her, no matter how scared he was. Elijah tried to get up but was unsuccessful due to the dominant, overaggressive lady scolding him and holding him down. All he could do was watch.
Lilly didn’t have much of a chance. Once the front door opened, Amelia had already run away. Lilly didn’t see the black mist approaching her. The thick dark blur moved through the house’s front entrance, onto the dead lawn and stopped at Lilly’s back. When the mist froze its movement, a corporeal shape took form. A man, his black suit already stained with dust from the commotion, balled his long fingers into his palms. The clouded skies offered enough brightness to reflect off the top of his smooth head, and his eyes, as black as the darkest night, looked down at the girl. His mouth opened so wide Elijah could practically see down his throat. The boy stared in horror as the Mist Man put his right arm around Lilly’s neck and dragged her, helpless and screaming, into the house.
One of Elijah’s shaky breaths blew into the dirt, lifting it, and he tasted it on his dry tongue.
A distant train whistle rang in Elijah’s ears and distracted him from this nightmare for a moment. He noted that whistle was from an engine much older than the ones he usually heard. When he listened closer, he could hear the train cars clicking on the track, a repetitive sound that had engrained itself in his mind over the years.
Madam Mothball’s hand felt rough and withered as she squeezed his fingers, bringing him back to face his current circumstances. He looked at her to find her decomposing undead corpse staring at him. Her eyes had glazed over in a fog of bluish gray, and, despite no visible irises, they seemed to stare directly into his soul. Her skin stretched across her bones, and long strips of her leathery epidermis dangled from her jaw. Her lips were now shriveled shreds of jerky, exposing yellow teeth that were dry and cracked. The boy jerked away his fingers, unable to pull his stare from her face. Her right ear fell from her head and plopped into the dirt.
“Don’t worry, boy. The Mist Man will only cut the meat from Lilly’s bones and drink her blood and piss. Then she’ll be like the rest of us.” The corpse hissed, then laughed the most god-awful cackle he’d ever heard.
It only took Elijah a second to get up and run from the undead beast.
His feet shifted, and his body turned to the direction of the hell-house. An unbelievable urge to flee, to head for the trees overpowered him, but he forced himself to do what he knew was right. Freezing shivers crept across his shoulders.
The front door grew nearer. Elijah extended his hand, turned the handle and entered the house. The screen door slammed hard against the wood frame, and the young hero peered over his shoulder to see if Madam Mothball was coming for him. All he could see beneath the bush was a pile of flesh and bones under a shroud of flies that whirled around the stench like a hurricane.
The place was cold and dreary; Elijah could see his breath. Wallpaper hung off the walls, and the wooden floorboards creaked with every step. Exposed electrical cords connected to light fixtures dangled from the ceiling, and broken shards of glass covered the floor. If there had ever been a time when sunshine flowed through clean windows here, Elijah couldn’t picture it. The filth that covered every wall and floorboard was more than a mere spring-cleaning could ever cleanse. With trembling hands, wide eyes and careful steps forward, Elijah’s fear now controlled him. A heart-pounding paranoia had him laser focused on every creak the old house made, and, as the wind picked up, some of those groaning old boards sounded identical to footsteps.
Elijah crossed the foyer and entered an empty room, figuring, due to the windows and the room’s small size, maybe it had once been used for dining. Although this sort of room—a drab nightmarish void, with a significantly cracked ceiling and old paint peeling off the walls—made it hard to imagine anyone other than a group of deformed hill folk, communicating in grunts, would eat supper here.
The entrance at the opposite end was comparatively well lit from the day’s sun, and the dust-covered cobwebs dangling broken atop each corner meant someone, at some point, had passed through. Whether done years ago or minutes ago made it an unhelpful clue. An aged clock with faded roman numerals and bent hands sat on a small shelf. Elijah leaned forward, squinting to get a better look at a familiar symbol—a double cross surrounded by a pentagram—etched below the rusted pin that held the clock’s hands in place at 8:05.
Decades of foot traffic had cleared a walking path straight through the dining area and had sent the displaced dirt and dust to its edges, like a dried-up riverbed cutting through a desert. After the house settled once more with a significant, questionable moan, Elijah waited a moment for some sort of undead nightmare to run in, scare the life out of him and end his existence, but it was quiet.
A sour warm smell of rotten flesh wafted about, and Elijah took it as a warning. A quick dragging noise from beyond the foyer forced him into panic mode and subsequently farther into the dining room.
In need of a weapon, he darted to the window and pulled and jimmied the bottom portion of wood trim that acted as a cheap unpainted border. While struggling to break it free, he looked out the dingy window and watched Amelia slip into a shed, pulling the door closed behind her.
The trim piece soon dislodged from the window, sending bits of plaster to his feet. With each end pointed, he jabbed a few practice shots through the thick air. During a final lunge, a rubbery squish of flesh and bone under his shoes stopped him in his tracks. Looking down, he saw blood pouring out of a dead rat’s mouth. Elijah closed his eyes and took in a breath as he rested against the nearby wall.
His heart settled a bit. When he opened his eyes, he stared close at the wallpaper and found small text written in pencil, covering a large section. KILL ROY. BURY HIM IN THE TREES. The disturbing to-do list didn’t stop there. FIND ME IF YOU CAN. THE MIST MAN IS ALWAYS WATCHING. THE ARPAC PIRATES ARE DEAD. FIND THE DEAD CITY. YOU WILL NEVER LEAVE! The words went on and on. He focused on a single sentence written in cursive. Elijah’s fingers picked at the paper and ripped a large sliver from the wall. He rolled up the piece of paper, sealing the words inside, then ran to the clock and tucked the small sheet into its backing.
A burst of cold air struck Elijah’s face as something shifted in the next room, followed by scraping sounds from one side of the room to the other, like an old trash can or a heavy bag of metal or bones dragging across the wooden floorboards. His heart took flight, and his free hand landed over his chest, a feeble subconscious attempt to control his shaking body. Elijah peeked his head over the threshold of the adjacent room—a kitchen—and saw a staircase leading to the second story. A dirty toilet sat next to the stairs, and part of the yellow-stained vinyl flooring failed to entirely hide the floorboards underneath.
An urge to call out for Lilly stopped hard in his throat.
“Eli? Is that you?”
“Lilly?”
The girl’s voice was strained as it sailed down the staircase. “I’m up here.”
The rickety steps groaned under his weight. The stress of old rusty nails rubbing hard against that dried wood, screaming out in screeches, had Elijah taking it slow. Each step came with the added worry of the rotted wood giving way under his feet. The blanketed dust kicked up from his movements pricked at his eyes and tickled his nose as he breathed in its stale, old odor.
“I’m in here, Eli.”
Elijah entered an empty bedroom. The ceiling sloped with the shape of the roof, and bloody dripping profanities covered the walls. Two windows let the outside light in at the far end, and only a bed with a blood-covered mattress occupied the space.
A giggle came from a closed-up closet at the end of the room, a clear indication that something was wrong. In all the time Elijah had known the young girl, that laugh, a sinister snicker that came from the back of a throat, had never slipped from her mouth. He was also quite confident that, given the circumstances, a giddy, carefree expression of any kind was the last thing his frightened friend would be expressing—unless the Mist Man had somehow changed her.
The tiny patter of children’s footsteps echoed off the stairs behind Elijah, but, when he turned to look, all was quiet.
“Did he do something to you, Lilly?” Elijah asked, turning back to the closet. “Did he hurt you?”
“Come see.”
Elijah’s feet didn’t move. His gaze focused on the double closet doors. “You come out.”
The lack of panic in Lilly’s voice had terrified him, and, as he stood in the middle of the room, hoping to God the demon creatures were long gone, the hair on his arms rose. The dry air that filled the room couldn’t keep a mysterious cold spot from hovering around his face and neck. The knots in his stomach and the overwhelming urge to turn and run told the boy something was near.
Elijah stepped in front of the closet, pulled open the doors and then lost his breath. He stared speechless at that giant black mouth. The creature sat with a clothes hangar in its hands, its black fingernails prying apart the twisted metal at its top arch. The tip of an oversize black tongue slipped out its mouth to moisten its dry cracked lips. A foul scent of body odor reached Elijah’s nose. The beast smiled, then cocked its head at him.
“I’m almost ready to scratch out your eyeballs with this wire,” it said in an odd electric-sounding monotone. It rose to its feet. “Let’s play.” The words came out slowly, once again mimicking Lilly’s voice.
Elijah shot down the stairs and broke into the kitchen, scanning every nook and corner for any would-be attackers. An old metal stove, rusted so badly that holes had formed in its sides, sat in a corner next to a portable sink that held a pile of rotten intestines. Horseflies buzzed over the mess, and Elijah pulled the collar of his shirt over his mouth and nose while working extrahard to hold back the vomit churning in his stomach.
Entering the back porch, the boy ran right into Lilly—who was frantic!
Elijah’s eyes never left hers, even as she wrapped her arms around him and squeezed with such force it could rival that of an adult male. For a moment, he found peace in those big green irises, as he had so many times before. While the wind whistled around the porch’s open entrance, Elijah studied the beautiful expression of panic on Lilly’s face. The bright yellow flower, still tucked behind her right ear, now had numerous severed petals. Its pedicel broken, its pistil dangling, but its color still complemented her rosy cheeks.
The mouthy monster may well have been racing down the stairs, while the Mist Man could quite possibly have been at his back—both abominations mere seconds from slaughtering the children—but Elijah’s fear had gone. His body was still as he held the trembling girl close.
To see salvation in someone else’s eyes was rare. It’s paralyzing to look into them and to know that nothing God could give you would compare to that vision of a long life of true, pure love, aside from, of course, that vision replaced by the reality of such a dream sparking life. Elijah brought his hands to Lilly’s cheeks, which stopped her lips from quivering.
“You came after me,” Lilly whispered. “You came to save me.”
“Of course I did.” Elijah smiled.
She gave him a smile back.
“Where is the man in the suit?”
“I don’t know,” she said, then pointed to a dislodged cellar door and a wooden set of stairs that disappeared into blackness beneath the house. “He pulled me down there and locked the door.”
“What’d you do? Kick it down?” Elijah asked.
“I used a loose nail to pry apart the hinges.”
Elijah shook his head, his smile beaming. “You’re brilliant.”
The kids bolted from the porch and ran across the yard, stomping wild grass and weeds as they moved. Elijah, looking for an escape, saw the trees as a means to hide. Dying in the forest of thirst and starvation trumped dying by way of either farmhouse monster. The remains of a maggot-filled coyote lay torn up inside a chicken coup, and dead black crows lay scattered along the stretch of barbed wire fence that closed in the south end of the property.
“We have to get out of the open. The barn, Elijah,” Lilly yelled.
“Through the barn and to the trees.”
The barn door was held shut by a cross bar slab of wood. Elijah lifted it up and tossed it aside. The two kids slipped inside and yanked the door shut behind them.
The barn was timeworn, with creaking rafters, squeaky hinges and cobwebs caked in dust. It held no horses, pigs or chickens, and the windows that once looked out to the trees had since been boarded up. It was tidy inside, and the day’s light peeked in through the slats in the roof.
Elijah and Lilly stared at a large railroad crossing sign bolted illogically into the straw and dirt floor. Its pole ran up about twelve feet, and two red lights flashed back and forth above a sign that read Stop on Red Signal. The words Railroad Crossing formed an X at the top of the sign. The distinct click each light made upon illumination put the kids into a hypnotic state. Soon those lights were all they could see.
After standing in silence for far too long, perhaps suspended in a thought that would never reveal its true meaning, the barn door opened behind them, and the shock snapped them out of their daze. Amelia, out of breath and visibly shaken, with fresh bruises trailing up her right arm and a look in her eyes that no little girl should ever have, ran in and closed the door; she turned to her friends.
“Are you okay?” Lilly asked her.
Amelia turned to Elijah. “It’s time, Eli. It’s time. It’s up to you to save us now.”
The creaky hinges of the door on the opposite end of the barn squeaked; the outside light poured in, and the kids, frozen from fear, watched as a dark blur flew in. If there were ever a time to run for the trees, Elijah now knew it had been about thirty seconds ago. The deep regret put an undeniable pressure on his lungs, and the devastated expression on his face let Lilly know that their situation was about to get grim.
A shape took form, and Elijah took three steps back when he saw that familiar black suit. The Mist Man’s black eyes stared the young ones down and told them how they were out of luck. As the demonic stranger stepped closer, the children gripped each other’s hands and closed their eyes.
• • •
Elijah awoke as a scream tried desperately to escape his mouth, but, with no air in his lungs, he gagged instead. The rain was heavier than he’d heard it in a long time, and, as the thunder bellowed above his house, lightning brightened his room in sporadic flashes. He tossed the sheet from his chest and found his shirt drenched, clinging to his body. After pulling it off and throwing it to the floor, he let the cool night breeze from his open windows wash over him.
With Elijah’s energetic tug, the attic’s access ladder descended easily from the hall ceiling outside Elijah’s bedroom. Reaching the top of the steps, Elijah saw a mess of old luggage, newspapers, boxes and paint cans, amid bursts of white light, thanks to the storm’s momentum. He crawled into the darkness and, due to a well-timed flash, found the pull string to the exposed sixty-watt bulb mounted in a piece of plywood between a pair of two-by-fours.
The dim yellow light illuminated relics from a happy family’s past, casting shadows between the tall rafters. The familiar sight of old teddy bears, toy trucks and plastic Christmas decorations put a smile on the boy’s face. A stationary bike, half covered in torn drapes, sat in a corner surrounded by a small dresser and matching nightstand. Elijah made his way through the clutter to the window at the far end of the attic. Through it, he saw the trees outside shaking in the wind and the rain coming down at a sharp slant.
Elijah blew the dust off the top of a pillar candle, lit a match from the nearby pack half devoured by a spiderweb and used the flame to illuminate a wooden chest. No lock remained on the antique, only a faded metal lever that no longer latched into its counterpart. As he opened the lid, he found a single item inside: an old wooden clock, with bent hands and a symbol he recognized.
Elijah had known for many years that certain objects, primarily antiques, could reach across the threshold of time and space to make a connection within unknown worlds. A special piece could act as a bridge while Elijah himself conducted the energy needed to send such a signal.
The clock had been passed down to his mother from his father’s mother, whose aunt had acquired it before World War II. It had traversed at least one ocean that they knew of, smuggled over from Germany in the same chest it still dwelled within today.
Elijah’s wristwatch told him it was 2:38 a.m. He used his index finger to set the time on the old clock to 8:05, as he had seen in his nightmarish vision. He wound the key—for luck, as the thing hadn’t worked in years—then carefully pulled the rolled-up shred of frail wallpaper from between the gears. Unrolling the paper, he found a familiar message:
If you call out from here,
No answer is spoken.
The bells won’t chime.
This city is broken.
—Unknown Warrior
One word stuck out from the rest, like a desperate flare shot high enough for all to see or like a piercing siren cutting through a storm, alerting those willing to see through the haze.
Warrior.
Elijah’s mind flashed to a memory. He’d returned home from school, his eye bruised after a school bully had taken a dislike to him. His father had been quick to offer advice. “If you back down from a fight, you’re basically handing the other guy your testicles. Warriors don’t back down.”
Elijah smiled, and a laugh came out. It was the kind of laugh a child makes after opening a long-awaited Christmas present or upon hearing the conclusion to their very first fart joke. The Warrior’s Prayer was something Elijah’s father had taught him, to give him courage and to make him feel bigger than he was. The words were still embedded in the youngster’s mind, as they had been since the night he had learned them. Elijah closed his eyes, folded his hands and in the glow of the soft light, prayed to God.
“Take the stars that burn tonight, / their heat, their love and all their light. / Pass it down to this young soul, / in my hands, such fire I’d hold. / Two ember fists that help me fight, / glowing deeper in the night. / And, when I reach the other side, / release the flames like fireflies.”
• • •
Elijah rose from his pillow. He checked his pajamas for excessive sweat; they were dry. The storm clouds had moved out west, exposing a massive patch of blue sky overhead. The morning sun, strung up in the east like an oil lamp, cast its beams through the open windows, brightening up the dirt and dust specks that hung in the air.
He had found a nice home for the dusty old clock in his bedroom on his desk near the windows. As the birds’ chirps carried from the old elms, the sounds of his mother rummaging through the kitchen while humming a melody carried into Elijah’s room.
He pulled out his desk chair and sat down. He wrote the words easily with a ballpoint pen on a pad, then tore off the small piece of paper.
You were always meant to save her.
Elijah folded the note and tucked it into the clock’s backing.
He made himself breakfast—toast and a glass of orange juice—then showered, dressed and brushed his teeth.
He hated Tuesdays as much as Mondays, but this day was different. There was a chill in the air, a slight temperature drop that his mother didn’t seem to notice. Then again, there were many things about this day she didn’t notice: Elijah was quiet. There would be no Hot Wheels car cruising across any and every flat surface the boy could find and none of the usual clomping and screeching of his tennis shoes over the dining room’s hardwood as he chased a football throughout the house. But, strangest of all, his laugh was gone.
Elijah sat in the kitchen and watched his mother hustle through her daily morning routine: coffee first, then the search for her missing keys, a quick protein bar breakfast and back to the bathroom to blow-dry her hair. His mom kissed him on the cheek and snapped him out of his daze.
Elijah planted his butt on the wooden porch swing outside and used his feet to keep it from swaying. Jackson and Ray, the two four-year-old Labs his mother had brought home the day after Elijah’s father had been killed—a nice distraction to take the boy’s mind off the tragedy—greeted the youngster with sloppy kisses. Elijah ran his fingers through the dogs’ coarse fur, which was hot to the touch, a result of recent sunbathing in the dirt.
“I’ll never forget you,” he whispered to the pups with tears in his eyes.
Elijah looked up to see the school bus pull near. He gave one last kiss to Jackson and Ray, and then a quick double tap on the window to let his mom know he was leaving. She smiled over her coffee mug from the kitchen table and gave him a wave.
• • •
“I had a dream about you last night,” Elijah said from the back of the school bus.
“Really?” Lilly smiled at him.
“She was in it too,” he added, pointing to a young girl sitting alone across the aisle from them.
“I think her name’s Amelia,” Lilly whispered. “She’s kind of a loner.”
“Well, so are we. Everyone else is at the front of the bus.”
The bus turned a corner, pulling to the left, while all the kids inside swayed in the same direction.
“What was your dream about?”
“I can’t really remember,” Elijah said. “It was vivid when I woke up. I should have written it down.”
“Were we together? Like, boyfriend and girlfriend?” Lilly asked.
“I’m going to say yes. I’ll always say yes to that question.” Elijah lifted Lilly’s hand to his lips, and he kissed it as they both giggled.
The bus jerked them back into their seats as the driver laid on the gas. The two kids looked out their window to see a freight train barreling toward them. There was no time to scream, to brace or even to think. The bus’s back tires hit the tracks as the two-hundred-ton engine smashed into the tail end of the All American Blue Bird Diesel Motor Coach at fifty-five miles per hour, crushing through five sets of windows, ripping apart ten seats and sending the rear emergency exit door thirty-five meters down the track.
Three students were killed: Elijah, Lilly and Amelia. Ten were badly injured, six of whom were reported to be in critical condition.
• • •
Elijah stepped forward as his arm followed through and his fingers released a rock, sending it sailing through an attic window of an old farmhouse. The glass shattered, giving him a delightfully accomplished feeling. He looked down at his hands as they glowed bright red. Sparks erupted from his fingertips as flames burst from his palms. Lilly gripped Amelia’s hand, and, as Elijah flicked his fingers, two fireballs exploded outward and merged into one before dissipating and leaving only the stench of burnt air behind.
Elijah smiled. “Come on,” he said to the girls. “I’ll keep you safe.”
__

Oliver
(Readers: For more of Oliver’s story, look for, “I Am the Nightmare” by Grimm Kadence, coming mid to late 2021.)
December 1972. Summit, Colorado.
Oliver Whitney, a six-foot-seven-inch gangly man with a long face and a bad habit, lit his cigarette as he crossed the threshold of his front door. He removed his US Postal Service jacket and hung it on a coat rack, smoothing any wrinkles from the sleeves and brushing the day’s dust off the back.
The sunlight coming through the open door lit the entrance, reflecting off the tile floor and white walls, perking up the mood in the adjacent living room. When the door slammed shut, all went dark. The curtains had the place so closed off that Oliver needed to turn on the lights in every room he entered. With each step, his boots gave a heavy thud on the hardwood floor, rattling a dusty old china set against the wooden hutch they resided within.
The house had been rented by an elderly couple, and, when they had passed together on the same day in the summer of ’71, the aggressive postal worker—who earned extra cash changing lightbulbs and waxing down the lanes at the Bowl City bowling alley—took out a loan and scooped up the place before it was even on the market, a perk of being coworkers with the owner.
The place was old, beat up, with broken chipped siding, scuffed floors and obvious patched cracks that stretched across its ceilings. Oliver cared little of its history, though his ears had perked up during a conversation with the owner when he had informed him a man of God had once lived here.
Oliver cocked his head to the side, positioning his left ear just below the ceiling. The lightbulb above his head flickered out, and he reached up his hand and tapped its frail glass. Twisting the bulb tighter into the socket, he found no illumination; however, his eyes lit up when a child’s shrill cackle carried from the next room.
When he reached the kitchen and turned on the light, his lips stretched to a smile. Society always says children are our future. To Oliver, they were much more than that. That’s why, when he would sneak into their bedrooms at night and scoop them into his arms, he’d make sure to leave a note for the parents, a few words to let them know he’ll love their child … always.
The sight of his finished masterpiece always perked up his posture and put a spring in his step. Each day after work, Oliver would stand in that doorway, admiring the young works of art that he had molded one by one. He would love them; then he would beat them, and lastly, he would fix their eyes so they couldn’t judge him. The children, sitting around a small wooden dinner table, two boys and two girls, all of them eight years in age with their eyeballs dangling from their sockets, sat with a fork in each of their right hands. Plates of rotting spaghetti rested on black place mats in front of them.
“I told you kids, if you don’t eat your dinner, you won’t get dessert,” Oliver said as he walked to the refrigerator and retrieved a white bowl covered in cellophane wrap.
He placed the bowl on the counter next to the sink, then clicked on his gas stove until a blue flame presented in the front left burner.
“A human heart,” Oliver began, “is a person’s essence. It’s where their soul lives,” he told his children as he waited for the stove to heat a black iron skillet.
Oliver picked up a sharp knife. He studied the blade, then walked back to the refrigerator and sliced off a large piece of butter from a stick. The butter went into the pan along with a few sprinkles of garlic. From the white bowl, two child-size hearts, soaking in enough blood to entice the devil himself over for dinner, were plucked like fresh potatoes and dropped into the skillet. Oliver sliced each heart in half, then each half into fourths. Steam rose to his face as the organs sizzled.
A loud ferocious thump cut through the subtle crackling sounds of butter and blood heating up. Oliver had heard that thump before, and it always made his mood shift. He closed his eyes and tried to breathe through his frustration. He had felt, for a while, that his children were too rowdy at the dinner table. Discipline was paramount in his household, but, to him, his methods seemed ineffective.
“Danny, I told you to leave Sally alone,” he screamed. Turning to the children, he found one of the boys facedown in a pile of spaghetti. Oliver’s hands flailed in the air. “Now you’ll need a bath. I’m so sick of dealing with this bullshit.”
He placed a lid over the skillet and then made his way to Danny, who was the most decomposed of the children. Oliver delicately raised the boy’s face from the sauce and put him back in a seated position.
“Well, Danny,” Oliver said. “You should have thought of that before making a mess. Now you can sit here in it. I don’t care.”
Oliver took a deep drag from his cigarette, then pulled out an empty chair and joined the kids at the table. He snuffed the rest of his smoke in Danny’s spaghetti and eyed the corpse with a harsh glare. After a few deep breaths, Oliver smiled. He hummed a melody from a 1930s’ film he’d seen growing up, a tune originally lush with high-octave piano notes and quick changes. “Let’s not dwell on what we can’t change. We’ll make popcorn tonight and read a story,” he exclaimed.
Floorboards from the upstairs bedroom, just above the kitchen, creaked as the patter of tiny feet shuffled across them. Oliver, his expression resembling a young boy’s who got caught sneaking a sip from his father’s whiskey, studied the glossy dangling eyes of his young victims, hoping they didn’t hear his other friends. Oliver hated keeping secrets but figured the kids wouldn’t understand their presence in his life. He needed these other friends. Oliver knew he was special; his friends helped to remind him of that.
There was, however, a time when Oliver was confused by the phantoms in his life. They had come to him only a year ago, and their constant disturbances in his home had him startled. Oliver would come home from work to find things out of place.
At first, he was concerned it was another human, snooping through his sins and waiting for the right moment to expose his dark secrets to the world. However, Oliver soon realized something terrorized him from the beyond as the sinister acts got worse in the night, and he spent many nights awake, pleading with the ghosts to stop the games and to show him what he needed to see.
His home had been such a peaceful place; he struggled to comprehend how he deserved such torture. Footsteps, scraping sounds, doors opening and closing, and missing periods of time were a few of the strange occurrences Oliver had experienced.
One night he had gotten up around 2:00 a.m. and headed downstairs for a glass of water. Entering the kitchen, he found all four of his children sitting in the dark at the table. None of them said a word, and they all seemed to be in some sort of trance. Then, the children banged their hands on the table, looking like puppets controlled by string.
As time went on, the phantoms grew on him and even helped him with their words of wisdom.
After a few minutes of listening to his children laugh and joke around the table, Oliver got up and retrieved a plate from the cupboard. He emptied the pan’s steaming hot contents onto the plate, then salted and peppered it. Oliver sat down and indulged. After sampling a taste of both hearts, he wiped his mouth with a napkin and looked up at his children.
“Beth, I think your heart is the best. Danny’s is good too, but yours is so tender. It’s all that love you were never able to give.”
• • •
Oliver climbed into his postal service vehicle and buckled up. He had spent the morning sorting the mail he was due to deliver and going over his new route, which would take him to the east side of town, then a ways beyond the city limits. The early December sun melted the inner edges of the frost that traced the shape of his windshield. Small beads of water dripped their way down the glass, until Oliver’s windshield wipers washed them away.
Oliver enjoyed the holiday months; he found the frost-covered grass and the clean, crisp nip in the air quite peaceful. It was easier to preserve a body in the winter as well. The rotten smell that lingered from his backyard shed during July and August turned him off to a romantic relationship with his victims, but the winter months always kept their skin color true and their lips a pale blue.
Since school was closed for an in-service day, automobiles zoomed through intersections, occupied most of the mall’s parking lot, formed lines at gas station pumps, and Oliver couldn’t spot a single parking meter not in use.
Summit was right in the middle of another busy holiday season, and the first Thursday of each month meant paychecks for all city employees. The Summit City Bank’s drive-through was backed up, and the teller line went right out the front door. Oliver’s white van slowed to twenty-five miles per hour as he passed an elementary school. It looked vacant and closed, though the parking lot held a few cars. He circled the massive property and pulled into the lot, then put the vehicle in Park. Oliver grabbed his mailbag and secured its strap over his shoulder.
He had never delivered to a school before; the new route would take him to two schools and the police station; then it was residential the rest of the way. Oliver’s previous route kept him rushing to get through it, but now he could relax a bit, enjoy the drive. The change in scenery seemed to be keeping the usual boredom from creeping up on him. He felt he had earned this new route, having paid his dues over the years, and his boss was finally rewarding him. Oliver exited the van and made his way to the school’s front doors, half expecting them to be locked.
The lobby smelled of cheap air freshener, raspberry of all things, and the floors shone, reflecting the sun’s glow from nearby windows. Oliver entered the main office, noticing the receptionist, a pretty, middle-aged blonde in a tight sweater and the most beautiful eyes he’d seen all day. She reached out her hand to take the mail, then hesitated. When she saw his eyes drift to her breasts, she pushed back in her chair and moved her right hand near the telephone.
Oliver smiled and slapped the mail down on the counter. “Have a good one,” he said, walking away.
“Thank you,” she replied in a tiny voice.
As he exited through the main lobby, the distinct sound of children screaming, fighting and stomping their feet bounced around the vestibule as if a spontaneous supernatural cage-match had broken out. Oliver rolled his eyes and sliced the air with his hand; all went quiet.
“I cannot kill her,” he explained. “I’ve got a job to do. Sometimes I think you all want me to get caught.”

After six hours and forty-five minutes delivering on the east side of town, Oliver made his way down Platte Street, a residential neighborhood with high-end homes whose owners seemed to take much pride in their lavishly landscaped lawns. He turned on Hancock, which took him to the freeway.
Ignoring the on-ramp, Oliver pulled in under an overpass that headed out west to the town’s lumberyard, train yard and the factory division. After detouring from the main road, he drove down a single-serve dirt path, behind a slew of old apartment buildings and one of the city’s three water towers. It was a secluded spot, hidden from the roads.
Oliver pulled into a crevice between the rear of two condemned brick buildings. One had been used to house the railroad workers back in the 1940s, and the other had been a theater. After cutting the engine, he crawled out the vehicle and made his way to the theater. He descended six cement steps to a door with its windows busted out. The doorknob dangled, broken and stripped from its housing, and the dead bolt had ripped large slivers of wood from the frame, as if someone had kicked it in.
The building was dark and full of metal shelving, extra theater chairs and numerous sleeves of sheet metal. The clock on the wall was stuck at one-quarter past seven. Oliver checked his wristwatch. It was three. The postal worker ducked under an entryway, slipped through a pair of double doors and trudged down a long hall. Sunlight glowed around the edges of a closed door. He pushed it open with his boot.
The alluring, luscious brunette, with blood caked over her neck, shoulders and down her arms, couldn’t have been older than eighteen. She was naked from the waist down, strewn over a desk with a large steak knife sticking out of her back, right where Oliver had left it.
He pulled a pair of blue disposable gloves from his back pocket and put them on. The knife ripped easily from the girl’s flesh. He flipped her onto her back and slid the knife into her gut, then into her chest. He frowned at her complete lack of response. Not a shriek or cry, not even a whimper came from the delightfully stacked beauty. He admired her pretty face, lush lips and irises that almost made him believe in God, a deity he would never follow but could learn to appreciate, in his own way.
He had always believed that the dead couldn’t see him if their eyes were gouged out. Most of his victims were unlucky enough to have had this happen before death occurred. He enjoyed their screams. This girl, however, hadn’t intimidated the killer. Maybe it was her slim physique or the deep blue in her soft gaze. Maybe it had been her calm voice or how easily he had snatched her up at the vacant bus stop a few blocks over; she was so small that she barely fought him at all. Either way, gazing into those bright eyes while pounding her young vagina really got his motor running. This time, over the course of the next fifteen minutes, he brutally raped the girl’s corpse, ejaculating into her three more times and leaving her with twelve new stab wounds to her stomach, chest and arms.
When he finished, he kissed her lips and took his time pulling his penis from between her thighs, savoring every second. He took the knife from her abdomen and, with all his might, drove the blade straight through her forehead, into her brain, a clear indication that he was finally finished with the girl and wouldn’t be returning anymore.
• • •
The last leg of Oliver’s route took him beyond the city limits, to the wide-open farm country. When he had first started with the US Postal Service eleven years ago, Oliver had a few country houses he would deliver to daily. He found the dogs on these properties were so different from the city pets. The country pets were friendly and curious, only wanting to greet the oddly tall human. The people out in the country seemed friendlier as well, as if his lengthy drive to get them their mail was taken into consideration and truly appreciated. There were, however, a few nutcases beyond the city limits.
As Oliver drove through the wind that had picked up, he heard scratches next to him on the side window, then a few taps. He smiled. The subtle clinks, scratches, pokes and whispers he experienced on a regular basis were so common they’d become a comfort to him. Oliver clicked on the radio and relaxed in the heat that pumped through the dash vents.
The postal van pulled up to a yellow two-story farmhouse. Oliver lit up his traditional “last stop of the day” smoke and took a few minutes to enjoy it. He stepped out the vehicle and scanned the area for dogs, ready with a treat from his coat pocket. It was quiet. Large tin garages surrounded the property, each big enough to house a tractor. The empty field next to the homestead looked neglected and covered in weeds.
Oliver could see his reflection in the glass of the front door. He watched himself stride up to the mailbox that hung securely to the siding, next to the doorbell. Lifting the box’s lid, he found mail already inside, and he added five letters and a small magazine. When he shut the lid, the front door opened.
Oliver stared into the little girl’s blue eyes. She couldn’t have been more than seven, and she swayed back and forth in a white dress as she clung both hands to the doorknob. Her eveningwear was tight around her torso, and the flounce puffed out over her legs, ending just above her knees. Her brown hair stopped even at her shoulders.
“Hi. I’m Lacey. Who’re you?” she asked.
“Jackson,” Oliver said.
“Do you want to come in? My mommy and daddy just went into town for groceries. You can keep me company.”
Oliver looked around and peered past the little girl into the living room. The house seemed quiet aside from a radio in a distant room playing a Buddy Holly song. “Sure. I’ll come in for a minute.”
He smiled wide and reached into his mailbag. His fingers ran over the smooth finish of a porcelain mask. Oliver stepped out of the cold, ducked under the doorframe and into the heated home. His gaze chased Lacey’s movements as she closed the door behind him. She moved like a dancer, graceful and full of life. The song had, for a time, taken a dreary home and made it quaint. As it ended, Lacey stopped her motions, and a radio report began. Oliver arched his neck, towering over Lacey and leaned his body toward the broadcast, hearing the words he’d been dreaming of hearing his whole life.
“The Silent Slasher is at it again after disappearing for two months. Another victim from the Colorado killer has been identified. Police say the MO matches the Slasher’s perfectly. Twenty-five-year-old Pauline Hays was found dead in Daisy May Park on Tuesday evening. The Silent Slasher is thought to be responsible for the disappearances of eight children along with the murders of over ten women. The serial killer got his name back in August when he attacked a woman in a dark alley. He failed to kill her when a group of college kids scared him off. The woman escaped with a substantial neck wound and said the man ‘was very quiet and cat-like. He used a razor on my throat but missed my artery.’ The name caught on after The Denver Post coined it in an article entitled ‘Who Is the Silent Slasher?’”
“You’re really tall,” Lacey said, craning her neck up at Oliver. “How tall are you?”
“Ten feet,” Oliver said.
“Whoa,” she exclaimed. “Come on. I have toys in my room.”
Lacey’s hand disappeared into Oliver’s grasp as his fingers wrapped around hers. She pulled him through a dining room and up a steep set of stairs. At the second story, Oliver saw the girl’s bedroom. Lots of pink and purple cutouts were on her walls, and her small bed had a bedspread that looked so comfortable he couldn’t wait to try it out. A door next to the stairs opened, and a crowbar smacked him in the head so hard that everything went black.
• • •
Oliver awoke, sitting in a small chair that creaked with his every movement. The ropes that held his hands behind his back and his ankles to the wooden legs were loose, but wouldn’t be easily slipped. Oliver examined the sailor’s knots with wide eyes and heavy breaths, his wrists yanking at his bindings in a desperate attempt to check the chair’s strength; however, the knots only tightened. A man, roughly forty, and a girl, not even old enough to buy beer and probably seven years from the luxury of buying liquor, stared at him, both standing with arms crossed near a table with knives, saws, hammers and road flares spread out over its top.
“You’re a big one,” the man said. “My name’s Will. This here’s my wife, Tessa. What’s your name, partner?”
Oliver looked the couple up and down. She was pretty in a backwoods sort of way. Her long hair hung down to her lower back, and her dress was tight and ripped in a few places; those rips allowed her skin exposure to the house’s warm air, and Oliver’s eyes were hesitant to break from such a sight.
The dress didn’t quite seem age appropriate for Tessa. She looked too young to be in a housewife’s uniform. Dirt from the plantation had confiscated the shine from her black shoes, but her legs looked smooth and her skin, soft. Tessa had the face of a schoolgirl and the body of a high-priced hooker.
Will looked rough, in need of a shave, a bath and a haircut. His overalls were covered in dirt and oil, and his boots had mud and dried grass stuck to them.
“The question is, how did a man like you land a girl like her?” Oliver said in a dark tone, his facial expressions limited due to the large amount of dried blood that covered half his face.
“You like ’er? Most men do. I can’t really blame ya for it.” Will picked up a knife.
Oliver glanced around the room. It was well lit from the east wall of windows that let in the sunlight. Outside those windows, his white van sat parked where he’d left it. His eyes shifted from the US Postal Service logo to the empty road that veered out into the distance, cutting between two snow-filled fields. About three miles out, a heavy fog of dust, despite the cold, lifted from that distant horizon, up into the sky, letting him know someone was headed his way.
It only takes one witness to fuck a case to the curb and back. Oliver was well aware of this fact. If his van was out front for too long, the neighbors, passing cars, children playing nearby, hell, even the sheriff himself might take notice. If this house were to turn into some sort of crime scene, the presence of that van could implicate him in the murders of his new friends.
Oliver leaned forward until the ropes pulled tight. “You have no idea the shit storm that’s about to rain down on you. I see you there, with that little smug smile on your face. You think you’ve won.” Oliver’s eyes searched for his mailbag and spotted it sitting by the closed door.
“Who are you?” Will asked again while his finger tested the sharpness of the knife’s tip.
“I’m not your average mailman. You’ll want to let me go. If you do, I’ll leave, and we’ll call it even,” Oliver said.
“Here’s a question,” Will began. “What the fuck were you gonna do with my daughter?”
Oliver stared him in the eyes and smiled. “I wouldn’t want to ruin the surprise.”
Tessa stepped forward. “You’re a sick man to follow a little girl into her home, up to her bedroom while us parents are away,” she said.
“But you weren’t away.” Another smile grew on Oliver’s face, then disappeared just as quick. “Seems like you were well prepared for my visit. Are those jumper cables?”
“Yes,” Tessa answered with a smile of her own.
“And this here’s a big-ass battery.” Will pulled the large unit from behind the table and set it on the floor next to Oliver’s feet.
“That’s cute,” Oliver said.
Tessa connected the cables to the battery and jumped when the metal ends touched and sparked.
Oliver laughed a slow chuckle. “Relax. We’ll have so much fun together.”
Tessa picked up the ends and shoved them against Oliver’s chest as his body shook with the electricity. She pulled them away, leaving black marks on his uniform.
“I reckon today’s the day you die, mailman,” Tessa said. She handed the cables to Will, and he did his damnedest to give Oliver the shock of a lifetime.
Oliver was no stranger to electric shock, having shoved a sliver of metal into a household electrical socket at the age of four. But this shock was different. There was no circuit malfunction to pop and save him this time. It wasn’t over in a split second. This electricity carried through him, flowing down his chest and legs.
Tessa gripped the hammer, and, when her husband had finished the shock, she beat Oliver in his shoulder, arm and face. When she stepped back, Will was at it again with the electricity. Tessa set the hammer back on the table and chose a large steak knife. She lightly stabbed Oliver’s thighs, stomach and right arm, not deep enough to do much internal damage, just enough to let him know she had the power.
Youthful giggles, snarls and cries as clear as the chime from a glass bell rang in Oliver’s ears. He saw indentations of small fingers and full handprints on his forearms, and they pressed hard into the fabric of his pants. The ropes that bound him tugged down hard, then up and down again, appearing to unravel as if by magic.
Oliver’s strong faith in his little friends was unending; he never wavered from his religious beliefs. They were there for him during the best of times and the worst, always guiding him, allowing him to be the best he could be.
Will used his fist to break Oliver’s nose and caused immediate swelling around his right eye. Oliver waited for the hits to his face to stop. They didn’t. Every blow caused a light show behind his eyelids. The beating was ruthless, and Tessa’s shrill laugh carried throughout the house.
“Kill ’im,” she screamed.
Oliver slipped away; his head drooped to his collarbone, only rising with the motion of Will’s fist. Tiny laughter that came from the depths of Hell chimed all around Oliver.
“Kill,” a child whispered.
Will stopped the beating and listened.
“What are you doing?” Tessa asked him.
“Shhh …” Will scolded.
“Kill!” A chorus of young voices chimed in unison, sending a jolt through Will that wiped the excitement from his face.
The ropes slipped from Oliver’s hands and feet, and he smiled upon hearing the patter of footsteps run to the far side of the room.
The beaten mailman caught Will’s final punch in midair. Breathing a sigh of relief, Oliver spit out a mouthful of blood and stood, rising two feet above Will’s eye height.
“This is where we get a little crazy,” Oliver said, his body swaying back and forth in a daze.
The house was quiet. No policemen banged on the door, investigating the disturbance that most assuredly could be heard from the lawn. No nosy neighbors peeked in the windows. Not even a dog barked.
“My children,” the six-foot-seven-inch monster-of-a-man whispered, “they’ll tear the flesh from your bones while you’re burning in Hell.”
Will tried to back away, and Tessa clutched a pair of scissors in her right hand. As Oliver stepped toward Will, the mailman slipped his fingers around the countryman’s throat. A surge of creativity flowed through the mailman.
Oliver’s voice was calm and confident. “I’m imagining the walls painted in your blood, two coats, the floor littered with your limbs and your woman’s beautiful, undressed body beneath mine. I’ll use your blood as lubricant to slide inside her.”
Oliver squeezed his hand tight around Will’s throat, then sent his fist into the hillbilly’s mouth. With Will on the floor, Oliver walked to the door and retrieved his bag. From it, he pulled out a black porcelain mask that had a large frowning face sculpted across it. The eyeholes were tinted bubbles of blue glass. Oliver put on the mask and pulled out a twelve-inch serrated blade, its sharp tip glistening in the sunlight’s glow.
“Just go. You leave,” Will shouted, staring at the masked beast.
“We’re just getting started,” the masked man declared.
Oliver sped across the room to his two new playthings, mimicking the moves of the 1940s West Coast Swing dance along the way. To feed on their fear, he sliced his forearm with the blade and let the blood flow to his fingers and drip to the floor. Intimidation was his favorite part of a murder.
Will stared up at the giant man in the devilish mask. “Who are you?”
Oliver had been asked this question many times. In 1969, a priest, with Oliver’s knife against his clerical collar, told the killer’s frightful mask, as it stared into the religious man’s soul, “The devil himself is living behind those blue eyes.” Children thought he was a real-life monster, and other adults, who were unlucky enough to face the mask, knew it to be true.
Oliver leaned down to Will, so the porcelain was right in the farmer’s face. “I’m the Silent Slasher. Haven’t you seen my work? Let me show you.”
The blade cut Will’s neck so deep that his head fell back to his shoulder blades. Tessa’s screams were silenced when the mask’s blue piercing gaze met hers. As Oliver’s boot smashed in Will’s skull, sending blood and chunks of brain spewing out over the hardwood floor, a child began to sing, “Jesus loves me. This I know. For the devil tells me so.”
“Can you hear it? Can you hear the children?” Oliver asked.
Tessa nodded as the horrified look on her face gave Oliver the mental boost he needed. She held herself and backed into the corner, surrounding herself with the small replicated white flowers of the wallpaper. Her gaze searched the room for her next move, a move that would guarantee her escape. Oliver was right where he wanted to be, feeling most alive when in the company of a beautiful woman. It was such a rare occasion, he had to stop and savor the moment. His eyes within the mask looked her up and down. She truly was something special, or, at the very least, she would be when he was done with her.
“Remove your dress.”
Urine fell along her thighs and splashed on the floor. Tessa shook her head, like a scared little girl.
“Remove your dress!” Oliver shouted so loud it reverberated through the walls and shook the windows.
Tessa unbuttoned three clasps and slipped off her dress; it fell to the wood and soaked up her piss. Her skin was like a pale cream, untouched by acne or scars of any kind. Her breasts were firm and her hips wide. The way her hands trembled, clasped together near her chin, holding the scissors that they both knew wouldn’t save her, escalated Oliver’s already racing heartbeat.
The psychotic masked vigilante who terrified Tessa beyond words approached her and swung the back of his hand into her cheek. She fell to the floor, grasping her face in pain. He climbed on top of her and felt her naked thighs press against him. She was soft, just as he’d imagined, and he found her panicked movements angelic. In the middle of her screams, he stabbed the knife into her sternum. It penetrated six inches into her. The serrated blade, along with the power of Oliver’s muscles and adrenaline, cut through the thick bone like butter.
Oliver sawed Tessa’s ribs in half, then reached into her wound and pulled her chest cavity open, using every bit of his might. He yanked out her beating heart, using the knife to cut those pesky coronary arteries. Oliver removed the porcelain mask. His teeth sank into the warm, tough, chewy muscle, and he ripped it apart, swallowing large bits of the delicious raw meat. In those bites, Oliver savored the taste of Tessa’s soul, just as the last hint of her life slipped from her eyes.
When he finished with the heart, Oliver leaned close to Tessa’s body and buried his face in her open chest cavity. He let her blood and fluids soak his skin, as her lungs, still as they were, caressed his face.
After removing his clothes and fucking her corpse, leaving his seed deep within her vagina, he stood, drenched in blood, and exited the room.
Oliver eyed the stairs leading to his exit. He had spent enough time at the crime scene, and every minute he remained here upped the chances of his capture. His van had been sitting outside the residence for some time; anyone could have seen it. To stay any longer could be suicide.
Heading for the stairs, he caught a glimpse of little Lacey, sitting on her bed, crying, wiping her nose with the flounce from her dress and staring at the blood-covered man dripping in the hallway. He smiled, gave her a wave, and then trudged down the staircase. He dried his face with a kitchen towel, which he then pocketed, and quickly headed out to retrieve his truck and disappear.
__
The story of Oliver Whitney continues in “The Porcelain Man.”


If I’m alone in the trees, will he be at my back?

The Porcelain Man
(For more of The Porcelain Man’s story, look for the novel, “I Am the Nightmare” by Grimm Kadence, coming mid to late 2021.)
1974. Colorado.
The wind whistled through the treetops of hundreds of surrounding pines. Frost clung to their branches and trunks. Black Forest was nestled beneath a mammoth of a mountain that overlooked most of the state. The flames of twenty torches worked extrahard as the cold bursts of wind tossed them around, almost preventing their light from holding back the darkness that crept in through the trees.
The torch carriers were men dressed in dark cloaks. The fearful townsfolk considered them spirits of the underworld, which is why the surrounding Colorado communities referred to the group as the Black Shrouds. The frowning grimace and hypnotic blue eyes of the dark porcelain masks worn by each man stood out as the group’s combined light cast its soft glow and, in turn, dark shadows over its delicate features.
Oliver Whitney stood. Unlike his fellow Black Shrouds, he was the guest of honor this evening. Being a man of few words, his white suit, matching tie and suede shoes announced to everyone this ceremony was his. He watched the breaths of every man, as the warm air from their lungs exited the top of each mask and floated above their heads, then scooped into the breeze, dissipating into nothing. Oliver’s height topped out at six foot seven, and, being the only one not wearing a mask, he lorded over the group, like some kind of pale-faced pagan god.
Two men guided Oliver onto a large flat boulder, which, like an iceberg, most of its base hid below the surface. However, it wasn’t alone down there. Thousands of tree roots, arrowheads, pine nuts, excrement, fingers, toes and full bodies were buried deep in that dirt. The Black Shrouds had spent many years in these trees, fertilizing the ground with the dead so even more pines could grow and shield their activities from the rest of the state.
Oliver’s breaths were deep and calm. His hands folded in front of him, and his chin raised as he looked down his nose at his fellow advocates. The Black Shrouds forced an African American man they had nicknamed Omaha, who wore nothing more than a blindfold and a pair of black pants, onto the rock and stood him in front of Oliver.
Omaha’s feet were bloody from the day’s hike. He was never allowed the luxury of shoes or further garments to help keep the cold at bay. He had been snatched up a few months back while camping alone in the woods. The mysterious abductee was a man of few words who never tried to escape the cult, separating him from the many captured victims who had come before, and his calm demeanor kept most of the followers at a distance.
“If your desire is to live to see the light of tomorrow’s sun, this one is your sacrifice,” a Black Shroud said to Oliver. “Kill him or be killed.”
Oliver took a nine-inch blade from the bloodstained gloves of another member, not breaking eye contact with Omaha, whose gaze seemed to look right through his captors’ and his would-be killer’s.
The knife was well known within the group, having been used on nearly every person they had ever killed. It was called Dealer’s Choice, due to its sharp curved tip and double serrated edges, each of the two edges having a different style to the sharp grooves, giving the user more options for the kill.
Oliver squinted, and his lips tightened, trying to suppress a smile. With a hefty thrust, the knife entered Omaha’s throat, the impact giving him a jolt that caused a short burst of laughter throughout the spectating cultists. Oliver stabbed him again and again, putting deep holes in Omaha’s stomach and chest.
In the midst of Oliver’s state of rage, as blood spurted from the body that had since collapsed to the rock, the seasoned murderer found a moment of peace, his hands and sleeves stained dark red. The calm in the cold mountain air found him, and, with each thrust, chop and slice, all he could hear were the voices of children.
Their tiny cries and encouraging words sang to Oliver and carried over the rock, through the trees and penetrated the cold hearts of every Black Shroud in attendance.
“The demon children,” one follower rejoiced. “This is why Oliver has been chosen.”
“The Porcelain Man!” the group shouted as one.
When Omaha’s breath ceased to escape his lips, Oliver stood upright. He never felt fully satisfied after a kill. He wanted to do so many things to his victims once they were dead. That familiar moment of death sent a rush straight to his stomach and always told him the fun was just beginning. Oliver examined the lifeless body that lay mutilated before him. He brought the blade to his mouth and licked the dripping blood from its sides, then buried it in Omaha’s organs once more.
When the Black Shrouds moved in on Oliver, a gasp escaped his lips, and his heart kicked into overdrive. He let the knife fall to the ground as many stern hands overpowered him, gripping his shoulders, chest and hips, yanking him this way and that, like he was nothing more than a dog on a leash. The men kicked his knees out from under him, forcing him down, planting his butt on the blood-covered surface of the boulder.
Oliver didn’t fight, but his eyes opened wide, searching the area, as if an explanation hid in the blank expressions of those black porcelain masks. Oliver teared up upon the realization of this sudden change in circumstances. He truly was the guest of honor this evening.
With one quick swing of an iron fireplace poker to the back of his head, Oliver’s eyes rolled back in his head and he went limp on the sacrificial rock.
A Black Shroud laid his body back, as careful as a mother with her newborn, as if Oliver’s corpse was now more important than he ever was. Another member pulled a white, smiling porcelain mask with black eyes from a knapsack and rested it on Oliver’s face.
In the glow of the torches, the mask stared up at the gray-clouded sky. The Dealer’s Choice was wiped clean and then wrapped up in a cloth. A brand new machete with a sickle-shaped blade and a sharp inner edge was placed over Oliver’s chest, a gift from the Black Shrouds to better encourage his creative wrath upon his transformation. The Satanists drenched the two dead bodies in gasoline and set them ablaze.
The shrouded men knelt in the unholy light.
“On this December night, while the full moon is hidden by dark clouds, we conjure those spirits of the forest to raise Oliver Whitney from his death and to cradle him in hellfire. For, as of now, Oliver Whitney is the Porcelain Man. Curse this land and all who dwell in it.”
“The Porcelain Man,” the cult spewed, once more in unison.
The blaze that engulfed the dead extinguished faster than a lightning strike. As every torch went out, the endless black of night overtook the area, the haunting stretch of clouds above suddenly seeming to brighten, backlit by a powerful moon.
Nobody said a word. They huddled closer together as each mask searched the black for any sign of movement, any sign of life. But it was no use. Without the moon to make the forest glow, no man could see the miracle of resurrection.
A heavy breeze tossed around a strong scent of cooked meat, much like the smell of an overcooked steak on a grill. A disturbing sound echoed from the rock, like the tearing of flesh; it was a sound that would send a good man running for the plains. When the torches miraculously lit again, and light filled the trees, the entire cult rejoiced, staring at a large empty black burn mark on the rock. Despite the smell, there were no charred remains, no bodies to look upon that would signify a failed attempt at an unforgiving demonic ritual. Oliver and Omaha were missing, along with the machete and fireplace poker.
• • •
July 1984. Rockson, Colorado.
Kate Moyer’s house—a single-story cottage with bright blue siding, white rain gutters, black shingles and a red brick chimney that ran up its east side—was within walking distance of Black Forest.
From an aerial view, the forest looked as though it could swallow the small residence. The Moyer home was nestled comfortably between two wheat fields, both of which stretched on for about a mile or so, keeping any neighbors a good ways on down the road. Kate’s yard was gated with a white picket fence, and the summer’s heat had done well for her garden of tomatoes, peppers and carrots. It sat weedless and well tilled just below the living room’s picture window. Her lawn was mowed, a job she had given to her eldest son, Nate, all of nine years old. Thousands of severed green blades blanketed the yard, and the bright sun’s rays heated the mulch, putting a strong humid scent of grass in the air.
As the wind picked up outside, Kate sat her sons at the kitchen table and, not wanting to heat the house with the stove, served them peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Summer was easy in Rockson, and, what was easy on the town was easy on the families. The local stores had more business, and gas sales were at an all-time high, due to the large amount of tourists who were enticed to visit, thanks to cabin rentals, clean lakes—that allowed boating and tubing—and pheasant and deer season. There was something reassuring in the way the wind gathered up the scents of wildflowers, pine trees and barbecue smoke and then pushed them through Kate’s open windows. This was the time of year she always seemed to tell more of her childhood memories, reminiscing of the days when her father would take her fishing and her mother taught her how to gut them, as if nostalgia was somehow wafting around in the breeze that engulfed the town.

Jonah, Kate’s youngest boy, awoke in his bed to find the house was dark. He peered from his mattress, through the crack in his door that was backlit with the hallway’s nightlight and saw no light from the living room, which told him that his mother had gone to bed.
Across the room, from a queen bed, whose blankets were bunched up at the foot, Nate’s steady breaths cut through the hum of a humidifier. Shadows of rotating pentagrams, cast by the subtle glow of a child’s star light atop Jonah’s nightstand, paraded across the ceiling. Jonah slid off the mattress, and his feet touched the carpet. He could hear crickets chirping outside his windows and an owl’s soft call somewhere off in the trees.
Over the past month, Jonah had developed a nightly habit of waking up between midnight and 2:00 a.m. He’d use the bathroom, retrieve his cup of juice from the fridge and sit in the living room recliner, eventually falling asleep before awakening around five or six.
Jonah made his way toward the kitchen but stopped to see a white smiling face peering in through the living room window. The boy smiled. A burst of excitement overpowered him, and he jumped up and down a few times. The moonlight lit the pale white face and made the porcelain appear to glow. The protruding eyebrows cast dark shadows over the eyes, and a white-gloved finger beyond the black sleeves of a dark cloak tapped three times on the glass. Jonah giggled and crawled onto the couch that sat below the window. He pressed his hand onto the cool transparent surface. A bony finger from the other side of the glass, traced the small hand’s outline as the boy’s laughter carried throughout the house.
The digit rose from the window and cut vertically across the porcelain lips. “Shhhh …”
“Smiley,” the boy said, pointing to the ghostly figure. “You wanna come in?”
The mask nodded three times, the motion of each nod lasting longer than the last. Jonah climbed off the couch and made his way to the front entrance, where he grasped the door’s lock and turned it. The dead bolt slid from the wall and stopped snug inside the door. Jonah looked back at the window and saw the smiling face watching him, but the party ended abruptly when the living room lights clicked on.
“Jonah,” Kate whispered in a harsh tone. “What are you thinking? You can’t go outside. It’s two in the morning.”
“Smiley.” The boy pointed to the window that was now shrouded in darkness, only revealing a mirrored image of the living room.
“You can play outside tomorrow. Let’s go.”
She ushered him back to bed, then backtracked to the living room. She turned off the lights, and, through the window, the moonlit yard came into view. The white picket gate was unlatched and open, swaying back and forth in the cool night’s breeze.
As Kate approached the window, her son’s handprint became visible. Leaning close and peering out, she saw mud on the sidewalk. Everything else appeared in order. Two lawn gnomes, near the outer edge of her garden, looked out over the grassy yard, a plastic owl with a rotating head that moved with the wind, designed to keep the territorial nocturnal birds out of the area, sat perched on a tree stump, and the garden hose stretched from the spigot across the sidewalk and trailed off into the grass, just as the kids had left it.
Kate retrieved Jonah’s juice from the arm of the recliner and put it back in the fridge. She went to bed. The front door remained unlocked.
• • •
Steve and Ella Koehler, a young couple who lived and worked in Salt Lake City, Utah, loved the outdoors. It’s one of the reasons they were so good together. Every year during the summer, they’d take vacations somewhere new and exciting. They’d been to the desert, where they spent a week living off the land, learning to survive in Arizona’s middle-of-nowhere; had a four-day trek in New Zealand’s wilderness, the Appalachians and the Alps, hitching a ride with a fellow adventurer and friend who had his own cable show about exploring harsh environments; and now were experiencing the Rocky Mountains, somewhere closer to home but still vast and challenging.
For Steve and Ella, it had taken nearly twenty years of adulthood to realize life was too short to be working in an office all year-round. They eventually sold their three-story colonial property, bought a modest house, along with a pricey motor home, and hit the road, taking two or three vacations each year.
“Better to find your passion late in life than to never find it at all,” Steve would always say when defending himself against naysayers.
Conquering a difficult terrain, while taking in all the plant life, wildlife, blue skies and starry nights an area had to offer was Steve’s and Ella’s passion. The outdoors had taught them many lessons, and they’d come face-to-face with bears, mountain lions, moose and wolves. The risks of exploration were high at times, but they found the rewards were plentiful. The memories they made each year were, in their own words, worth the pitfalls of such adventures.
Black Forest seemed unending to the couple. They’d come upon a part of the forest where the trees were unusually tall, and various sounds from the afternoon wildlife—mostly birds and bugs, maybe a few coyote calls—carried about the forest. Through the dense green canopy, Steve spotted dark clouds moving in from the east. Though the forest floor was calm, he noticed the topmost leaves picking up momentum. Steve and Ella had been hiking since the sun had come up, and the day’s heat was getting to them.
Ella pulled a water bottle from her pack and took a knee. She eyed their surroundings. “No slopes or high ledges. This may be a good place to set up camp. What do you think? Shouldn’t be any cats around,” she said.
Steve lifted a rifle from the bag that held their rolled-up tent and leaned it against a nearby tree. It wasn’t his preferred weapon, and he didn’t use it to hunt. It wasn’t as effective against bears as a shotgun would be, but it was light and made a loud-enough sound to scare most animals away.
“Lots of predators in this forest,” Steve said. “I don’t think any one place will be perfect, unless we could find a small cave.” He pulled a hunting knife from the sheath on his belt and tapped the blade against his palm. “I hate being out in the open.”
“I know you do,” Ella said between sips. “But honestly we need to eat something, and I gotta get out of these shoes.”
“It’d be nice if we could have found the river.”
“We’ve got plenty of water,” she reminded him.
“I bet we’re only five or six miles off. We’ll run into it tomorrow,” he said. “I’ll start a fire.”
Steve gripped the barrel of the gun and wandered a ways for firewood, finding pine cones, small broken twigs and dry leaves. For their current needs, a fire would ward away bears, lions and wolves, but the scent of cooked meats would draw them in, so store-bought beef jerky, raw carrots and roasted marshmallows were all they’d be eating.
After their tent was set up and the fire was roaring, Steve and Ella christened their new camp. Ella preferred the cold hard forest floor on her naked back. Her wide eyes, fast breaths and sensual moans told her man how she loved getting fucked in an open area, where anyone could stumble upon them and watch as they devoured each other.
As Steve’s motions became harder and faster, his grip on her shoulders tighter, it was clear to Ella that he felt the same. This day, however, only the ground squirrels seemed to be present. Ella would open her eyes between Steve’s pounding thrusts and watch the dark clouds hauling west. A flock of geese flew over, and the sounds of crickets mixed with a distant wolf howl brought her to orgasm. Her hands stretched above her head, and she dug her fingers into the dirt, gathered it up and rubbed the soil over her breasts while her husband complemented her climax with a warm wet orgasm of his own.
They spent the remainder of the evening by the fire, eating to gain energy for tomorrow’s quest farther into the forest. As the light from the sun disappeared to the west and a dark black abyss stretched over the sky from the east, Steve and Ella crawled into their tent and went to sleep.

A branch snapped, and the sound forced Steve’s eyes open. Within the tent, he rolled to his side to find his wife sitting up, listening. She didn’t move a muscle, and he couldn’t detect her breaths. Steve watched a bead of water trace the outer slope of the tent.
“Did it rain? What did you hear?” he whispered and realized Ella was shaking.
The campfire was dim but still burning; they could see its glow just beyond the tent’s nylon material. Steve retrieved the rifle buried beneath a few blankets, lodged to the edge of his side of the tent.
“You think it’s a bear?” Steve asked. A few twigs snapped. “Tell me what you heard.”
Both seasoned explorers were familiar with animal sounds. They had to be. They knew the thuds of a bear’s paws and the loud bursts of air they commonly pushed out their noses, the quick patter of a lion’s step or the shuffle of an elk or moose. The sounds an animal makes can give a human a good idea of what lurks around.
“Ell, what did you hear?”
Ella turned to him, her gaze lost in a thought. “A voice.”
The hairs on Steve’s arms stood tall. “Are you sure?” he asked.
“I’m sure,” Ella whispered.
“Who would be snooping around, in the middle of the woods, without a flashlight?”
There was a scrape just a few feet beyond the fire; then the flames extinguished.
Steve reached behind his pillow and pulled out a large flashlight but didn’t dare turn it on. “God help us,” he said. The inflection in his shaky tone let his partner know his nerves were rattled beyond that of what a bear’s or a wolf pack’s presence had ever affected.
“Gaaawd is dead.” The deranged raspy voice rose up, like the rev of an engine, followed by six thunderous footsteps that trailed off.
Steve did his best to silence Ella’s sudden panicked cries, holding her lips shut tight with his palm, like a madman silencing his soon-to-be victim. When she composed herself enough to stop vocalizing, Steve pulled away his hand. Ella let her tinny blood run from her busted lip to her teeth, where her tongue, frozen as the rest of her, didn’t bother to clean up the mess.
In the confusion of darkness, Steve let the sticky liquid that muddied his hand smear from his palm to his fingers. He clicked off the rifle’s safety, took a breath and crept to the front of the tent. His fingers lifted the frail metal zipper all the way up, and he poked his head out, then turned on the light.
“Shit,” Steve whispered, his breaths now visible as a healthy gust of cold entered the tent.
Ella followed him out, and a mysterious breeze rolled over her face and hands, the kind of breeze one might experience in the dead of winter. But this was July, and, though the couple was damn near at an elevation of eight thousand feet, the wintery chill was anything but normal for the summer months in Colorado. It was a chilling burst of icy air that clung fast to their exposed skin.
They both stood speechless as Steve swept the flashlight’s large beam over the camp. A thick layer of frost covered the trees, the ground, the shrubs and the tent poles. Water droplets on the tent were icing over. The rocks they had used to make the pit for the fire were caked with the cold white frost as well, and, though the fire was only recently extinguished, no smoldering embers or smoke were present.
“It should be at least fifty degrees out here,” Steve whispered. His gaze rapidly searched the dark trees for their intruder. “Where’d the ice come from?”
A shuffle of leaves forty feet out caught Ella off guard, and she turned to face the commotion. There were no owl calls, cricket chirps or locusts humming in unison, no wind above the trees or jets in the sky—only that shuffle, calling to Ella, drawing her in. “Steve, shine the light out there,” she pleaded.
A quick tight sound—like two fists squeezing a roll of plastic wrap, followed by a loud pop—cut through the silence, stealing her attention. The flashlight dropped to the ground. By the time Ella turned to Steve, it was too late. His flash-frozen body fell forward and hit the cold ground, snapping his hands off at the wrists.
Ella heard screams, and she dashed around the camp, slipping in the frost and nearly bulldozing the tent, panicking like a mother who just lost a child in a crowded supermarket.
She picked up the flashlight and scanned the area. Her trembling hands shook the light so hard that she could hear the reflector and lens vibrating against its metal casing. The screams intensified as the beam landed on a very tall man in a dirt-covered white suit, his porcelain face smiling a bizarre, sinister smile, his eyes resembling two black pieces of coal that never wavered from following her every move.
Ella’s fingers rose to her mouth and touched her lips to find they were open. Her hot breath, the quick bursts of visible exhale pushed from her overworked lungs, told her she was the source of the bloodcurdling screams. As her body swayed, her own muscles nearly unable to hold her up anymore, Ella closed her eyes and forced herself to stop, to breathe steady and to let in the fear that overpowered her, if only to give her vocal cords a rest.
When the porcelain-faced giant stepped toward Ella, lowering a long blade from within his sleeve, she lost the ability to speak, though silent words, mouthed from her lips, told the ungodly creature everything he needed to know. Urine seeped down her legs and dripped to the ground, melting the frost beneath her.
• • •
With the sun beating down from the center of the sky, the man in the black shroud and white porcelain mask walked alongside a dirt road. The sweltering ninety-three-degree heat rose from the dirt, sticking the dark garments to his skin. He had spent the morning at his campsite near the river, only venturing off farther into the trees out of boredom. The lengthy hike took him a couple hundred yards down the mountain, over the Black Forest River’s southern bridge and onto a small washboard service road for the Colorado Parks and Wildlife officers and game wardens.
He ventured from his campsite a few times each day, letting the hours pass while he learned his surroundings, only making his way out of the trees and into Rockson at night.
The drifter wrapped his fingers around the black grip of a .357 revolver, which he concealed under his dark cloak. In the recent months, his inappropriate behavior toward other humans had worsened; dark impulses had him hiding in the trees while aiming his weapon at unsuspecting fellow campers, squeezing the trigger as if playing some sort of long-range Russian roulette, stealing women’s clothing while they were sleeping in their tents and mutilating any animal he could catch, often giving the critters human names before killing them.
The deranged man adjusted the porcelain mask that covered his face, his fingers leaving a trail of sweat across the surface. As the service road merged into a much larger dirt road—one that cut through the trees, separating dense forest on the west side from dense brush on the east—the freak in the costume was spotted by an elderly man who paid no mind, passing by in his Tahoe.
The road never had much traffic, even in the summer months. It was a long bumpy fucker that stretched all the way up the east side of Black Forest. Most folks preferred the paved highway that took them around the city limits of Rockson and close enough to Black Forest to provide camping access.
The lonely outcast ripped off his mask, and his eyes grew wide as two angelic voices carried from somewhere off in the nearby trees. Stopping in his tracks, the tone of their laughter confirmed his suspicions; they were female.
He looked up and down the long road, listened for vehicles and waited for a man’s voice to cut through theirs. To his joy, no such voice presented itself. Moving from the road and repositioning the porcelain over his face, the traveler followed the glorious sound of their adorable laughter. After enduring twenty feet of five-foot-tall wild grass, pulling himself up a seven-foot-tall slope and stumbling through a dried rocky creek bed, he came upon a small campsite, hidden from the road.
Two college-age beauties in short-shorts and tank tops sat in the shade of the trees, next to their tent. Their curious observer saw no tire tracks from dirt bikes or four-wheelers—boyfriend vehicles, as he called them—and determined in no time that the women had hiked to the spot, probably spent a few days in the forest and were on their way back to Rockson. The single tent, the small unlit fire pit and the two compact cargo bags screamed to the masked vigilante that these women were camping alone. The man straightened his mask and walked to them, clenching his fists, barely able to contain his glee.
The girls were pretty, well-groomed with smooth legs, light tans and painted toenails—city girls from the looks of them. The depraved pervert’s sweaty hands, shaky steps and the bulge rising beneath his jeans, pushing against the fabric of the shroud and tightening his clothes with each move he made in their direction, left him dizzy and agitated but filled with excitement, as if he’d hit the jackpot at a Vegas casino, and these two lovely birds were his prize. As the females laughed with their backs to him, the masked man pulled out the revolver.
“Hi,” he said and raised the barrel. “A job like this should really be done with piano wire. It’s more personal that way. But I’m afraid I only have this gun.”
The campers spun around and, upon seeing the weapon, stood. “Our boyfriends will be back any minute. Just take what you want and go,” one blurted out as the breeze gathered up her blond hair. The gust pushed her bangs from her face, revealing her clear skin and heavenly green eyes.
“You’re what I want.” His voice was buried inside the mask. “My name is Edward. I am the Porcelain Man, and I’ve come for your souls.”
“I’ve got some money,” the other young woman said. She was a petite brunette with lip-glossed lips and dark blue eyes. Three rounds entered her chest, and she fell back and hit the dirt. The shots were so loud that an echo found its way back around to Edward and his soon-to-be second victim.
“They say a smile can light up a room,” Edward said. “But, in this moment, my grin could illuminate an entire city block. Would you like to see it?”
“I don’t want to die,” the blonde announced, ignoring his mind games.
She pushed her thighs together, a subtle, possibly subconscious gesture.
“You do what I want, and I will walk away and leave you be. Deal?”
She nodded.
Edward thought for a moment, in a most obvious and playful way, placing a finger on the chin below the porcelain smile. “I want you to piss on her face,” he motioned the gun to the bloody mess still squirming on the ground. “You do that, and I’ll leave you alone.”
The blonde, still standing as stiff as a board, examined the porcelain mask as tears swelled up and dripped down those rosy cheeks. Her eyes met the gaze of her blood-covered friend and, without hesitation, focused on those pretty blue irises, she untied the white lace that held her shorts close to her waist.
“Am I sensing more than just a friendship between you two?” Edward said and then laughed. “This is more than just a camping trip, isn’t it?”
She remained silent.
“Isn’t it?” he screamed. “Piss on the dirty slut’s face.”
With the slightest movement, the bleeding angel on the ground used her last bit of energy to shake her head, silently pleading with her friend not to disrespect her dying body.
“Go ahead. She won’t mind. She’s almost dead,” Edward encouraged. “Maybe she’ll like it. Take off your shorts and piss on her face.”
The beautiful blonde didn’t move, and a cool breeze swept through the area while a cloud blocked out the heat and the rays from the sun. Edward stepped up to her and pushed the barrel into her mouth, the metal clinking against her front teeth. She opened wide and let the barrel slide over her tongue.
“I can splatter your brains all over this forest if you’d rather not do this for me.”
She shook her head, and he removed the gun. His voice changed to something very sinister. “Tell me. What is your name?”
She mumbled something, but her soft words couldn’t penetrate the mask.
“What was that?” he asked.
“Rebecca.”
“And her?”
“Mandy.”
Rebecca’s trembling hands lifted her shirt, and the psychopath watched as she removed her shorts down her smooth legs and let them fall them to the dirt. To his excitement, her white cotton panties joined them.
“Oh, Rebecca.”
The porcelain face studied her vagina; the mask’s permanent smile caused her to cover her genitals with both hands. When Edward’s thumb clicked back the gun’s hammer, locking it in the ready position, Rebecca moved her hands to show her body.
As if speed would seal her fate, she moved slowly, facing Mandy’s feet, like the sixty-nine sexual position. Rebecca’s bare knees spread over each side of her friend’s head, then dug into the dirt, positioning her vagina just above her friend’s face. Her hands moved through the blood that had drenched Mandy’s shirt and breasts and soon they gripped the beautiful, dying brunette’s soft thighs, smearing the sticky red over her pale skin.
Just as Rebecca broke down, sobbing, a stream of piss ran down her right thigh, then straightened out and soaked Mandy’s features and filled her mouth and nose. A hard cough spewed that urine right back out, drenching both Rebecca’s ass cheeks.
Heat from the sun filled the area once more as the wind in the upper atmosphere pushed away the clouds. Trees held the breeze for the time being, and the forest sang out through its crickets and birds. The choking continued as Rebecca unloaded her bladder. Mandy’s hands rose up and tried desperately to push her friend’s buttocks from her face, but it was no use; her strength was gone. The choking subsided as Mandy gave in and swallowed a mouthful of piss.
When Edward’s right hand reached under his shroud and stroked his bulge, Rebecca closed her eyes.
The sound of the nearby rapids of the Black Forest River, carried by a hefty and sudden gust of wind, overtook the area. Small rocks and sharp sand dug into Rebecca’s knees and toes. Then her eyes opened because she heard no more of Mandy’s coughing, heaving, gulping or choking on the bitter liquid. Rebecca looked down to see her friend’s chest and stomach still as can be. The struggle was over. Rebecca broke down again, covering her face with her hands as her steady stream of urine spilled over the bloody, battered girl’s inanimate face.
When Rebecca had nothing left to piss, Edward aimed the handgun as she screamed in horror, and three more shots rang out through the forest.
• • •
Nate yelled so loud for his mother that she dropped the load of laundry she had pulled from the dryer. Her shoes stomped over the clean towels, and, under her weight, they slid on the tile floor, losing her footing for a moment. It was a voice she had never heard come from him before, a panicked, desperate cry that could give even the wickedest of men the chills.
She’d seen both boys bloody and bruised. They had always played hard. Nate had broken his leg when he was seven on the old tire swing that used to hang from the oak tree out front. Jonah had hit his head on the corner of his bed frame while doing God-knows-what in his room one night. It took Kate a week to get the blood out of the carpet.
By the time she reached the living room, only Nate was present. Kate’s gaze swept the room for Jonah and shrieked upon seeing the front door open and large boot prints, outlined in dark mud, imprinted in the carpet, entering, crossing the room to a recliner and then backtracking.
Kate had been in the yard, watering the lawn and her flowers, not even twenty minutes ago. The only spot around her yard where mud was present was the garden below the living room window.
“A man in a mask took Jonah.” Nate pointed to the open door.
“What?” Kate screamed the word so loud it scared them both. “Stay here. Lock the door.”
She grabbed her rechargeable flashlight that hung, connected to an outlet, next to the fireplace and rushed through the unlatched screen door, nearly stumbling onto the lawn. It was a humid night, not uncommon for Rockson in July. A slight warm breeze whisked through the area, along with the scent of wildflowers, pine needles and the usual barbecue smoke. The full moon lit the field behind the homestead, and, as Kate rounded the south side of her house, she saw her youngest child being pulled along by a figure in black. They were headed for the tree line.
Black Forest at night. Kate had heard the stories, the missing person’s reports and the town’s suspicions of cult activity within its dark, debilitating terrain. Despite the forest’s reputation, her accelerated pace never faltered. She sped across her lawn, not taking her gaze off her child.
Kate broke through the back gate, snapping the metal latch on contact. Her white slippers dug into the soft soil, and each stride kicked up a flurry of dust, sending small pebbles and fine sand down into them, to stab at the bottoms of her feet. As she raced through the thick air, her body broke through the tall weeds and the scattered patches of wildflowers that, unfortunately for Kate, lured in all the energetic bees. They buzzed around her head, swooping in to protect the flowers that Kate mowed down with every step.
Kate noticed Jonah look back, and, when he saw his mother, he reacted with his entire body. He fought his abductor with everything he had, but he was too small. The cloaked perpetrator pulled him close, and they disappeared into the shadows of the forest.
As Kate entered the enormous stretch of trees, she clicked on the flashlight. Its beam broke through the dark, but there was no sign of Jonah. She screamed for him, a panicked cry that bellowed out. She collapsed to her knees next to a puddle of still water; the forest’s canopy had preserved the rain with the twisting branches and shade of its thick leaves. Through the silence that followed came an empty expression on her face, reflecting up from the water in the glow of her light, a pale, exhausted grimace that shouted her defeat.
Shaking her head, she rose again.
As she jogged deeper into Black Forest, looking every which way for anything familiar or any sign of movement, her presence spooked some deer that the flashlight located about thirty yards to her left. Kate listened to their hooved feet pattering away, and, just on top of that rustled shuffle, she heard Jonah’s scream.
A panicked gasp escaped her lips. Kate moved in the direction of her son’s scream and didn’t stop for downed branches, spiderwebs or tree stumps. She yelled Jonah’s name, but her voice had lost its volume.
She slowed to a walk, spinning circles in a desperate attempt to regain her bearings. The forest was silent. No more deer stammered about or wolves sung out their usual melodies. Not even the sound of sweeping water from the nearby river could be heard. The moon cast a glow through the trees that reflected up from parts of the forest floor. It cast shadows of swaying branches over the ground, and, when mixed with the shaking beam of Kate’s light, lit the area in a dreary black and white, dumbing down the already dull colors of the hundreds of identical tree trunks.
Kate tripped over a spent bear trap and hit the ground hard. A tear in the knee of her pant leg revealed blood, and she yanked a small shard of a broken beer bottle from her flesh. In a broken voice, she screamed for Jonah again.
Burying her face in her hands, she wiped the sweat from her eyes, then listened for movement.
With a child so small, it wouldn’t take much, just a jolt of the man’s body weight while his knee crushed Jonah’s throat against the hard ground or a large hand cutting off the airflow from his nose and mouth. It would take minutes at most.
The thirty-one-year-old mother of two sobbed, sitting alone on gravel and fallen leaves. It wasn’t the first time Black Forest had shielded a killer from the rest of the world, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last.
Jonah had a way of reaching decibel levels that could silence a crowded room. When throwing a tantrum, playing too hard with his brother or the rare occasion when he feared for his life, the boy could scream out like a freight train sounding its air horn. Hearing his chilling shriek once more, Kate managed to move about fifteen yards before it ended.
She raced through sharp shrubbery, slicing paper-thin cuts into both her hands. She fought the twisted vines of a willow tree; they caught on her clothing and yanked at her arms, smacked her face and pulled at her hair, but she never stopped moving. Before the maze of trees took her sense of direction again, she stopped in a sea of evergreens.
Her light illuminated the white porcelain mask as the dark figure stepped out into view. He had a firm grip on Jonah’s shoulders, violently pulling the boy every which way, letting Kate know he controlled Jonah. It was her first look at that smile. The ridiculous black shroud, looking more like a used polyester tablecloth, covered his entire body. Only his hands were visible.
“Let him go,” Kate demanded.
“Or what?” Edward asked in his muffled voice.
Kate hurtled the flashlight through the air, its beam spinning across the treetops, flashing through the forest in a burst of strobe light. The butt of the light hit the mask so hard it shattered it. Her intended target fell backward and hit the ground, rattled from the sudden blow.
Kate ran to her son, picked him up and reclaimed the light. She backtracked and, for a moment, as she ran, a smile of relief formed over her dry teeth, as if she had done the impossible. A single warning shot fired, the muzzle flash sending a spark of light out over the trees. Kate stopped hard, and her body froze, her eyes closed. She turned around to find the man had risen and stood still, pointing a revolver at her.
“Go ahead. Outrun my bullet,” he said. “The next shot kills the boy. Then I rape and murder you.” His voice was clear, unhindered by the mask that had covered up his piercing dark brown eyes.
Kate tipped the flashlight’s beam up to the stranger’s face, which only clarified his facial features. Dark makeup covered the skin around his eyes, and he wore red lipstick. His cheeks were bony and his nose pointy. Beads of sweat ran down his face along with a single trickle of blood.
“Who are you? What do you want?” Kate asked.
“I am Edward, the Porcelain Man. I haunt this land,” he whispered.
Kate moved Jonah behind her body, shielding him from sight. She kept her voice steady and slow as she responded. “You’re just a man with a gun. The legend of the Porcelain Man is a story people tell to keep their children from wandering off when camping.”
“You don’t know how wrong you are. I’m the one who keeps your children from dreaming at night. All the little ones in Rockson lay awake.” Edward shook the revolver. “They wait for me to sneak to their beds and slaughter them like the cattle they are.”
Jonah’s fingers dug into Kate’s waist, and he buried his face in her back.
A curious sound similar to fingers stretching over a fully inflated balloon grew near. It was a hard sound, almost mimicking the slow snap of a branch. A cold nip in the air was now present, and Kate glanced back to witness her son’s breath exit his mouth as a thick fog. A large tree branch that was hanging over Edward flash-froze and that icy-cold spread to other branches and down the trunk, infecting the ground with white ice. Kate watched, horrified, as leaves, pine cones and rocks froze right before her eyes; the humidity in the air didn’t hinder the frost’s growth and soon covered everything.
“How are you doing this?” Kate asked Edward.
Edward lifted his right arm in triumph. “Through the darkness I will hunt. I am the Porcelain Man!” He clenched his fist while his smile and wide eyes suggested he was very satisfied with his new power. “Turn the world to ice,” he shouted, then brought his hand down and stared at it. “I really am him. I have the power.”
Kate checked the area with her light, swinging it from left to right, watching the frost thicken, though never losing focus on the barrel of the gun, which held steady, pointed at her chest. A demonic giggle flew past them, cutting through the significant gap in between Edward and Kate.
Jonah squeezed his mother’s thigh as he held her leg close.
The distant chorus of a child’s choir came in waves with the intermittent bursts of cool wind that traveled through the trees, displacing leaves and twigs.
“Fallen devils, … ready, rise. / Contemplate your suicide,” the dark chant rose to the treetops before dwindling to nothing.
“They’re not really children, ya know?” Edward said.
“Murder the slut! Murder them all …” a little girl’s shrill voice commanded, darting in and out of the trees.
“What are they?” Kate asked as an inaudible voice bellowed in her right ear.
The footsteps of four or five children pranced around Kate as the ground beneath her froze to solid ice. When frost climbed up her pant legs, she backed away for fear she too would freeze.
“They are mine,” Edward explained. “They follow me everywhere I go.”
“How long have they been following you?”
Edward frowned at the question. “This is the first I’m hearing them, but I know they’re with me from here on.”
Kate backed up a few more steps. She held her son tight and searched the trees for an explanation.
“Eat her heart. Fuck the boy,” the small voices echoed out. “Rip … flesh. … Here comes the devil.”
“Don’t you hear what they’re saying?” Kate pleaded. “They’re not here for you. They’re scouts.”
Edward looked her in the eyes.
“Smiley,” her son said, peeking out from behind his mother’s leg. He pointed into the dark trees where the edge of the flashlight beam barely reached, giving a soft glow to a tall pale man dressed in white.
Kate shifted the beam of light, and the image it came to rest on was burned into her soul. Behind her son’s captor, a ghoulish entity, enveloped by darkness and the subtle tint of her floodlight, stood as still as the trees that surrounded them all. It had a face that made the mask she broke look like a cheap novelty item at a pawnshop. The smile beamed wide, and the light reflected off the white porcelain skin. Dark, unblinking black eyes that could stare right through a man’s soul scoured the area. The white suit was stained with blood spatter, and the body within the suit was so tall that each sudden stride of his long legs ate up four feet. Kate watched in awe and panic as the humanoid beast moved closer to the unaware assailant. Its porcelain smile turned black and soon became a gaping hole.
As the revolver’s barrel turned with the motion of the kidnapper’s body, it came to rest at the Porcelain Man’s chest, a chest that heaved with every deep breath.
The gun-wielding-psychopath’s uncomprehending eyes scanned the Porcelain Man in disbelief.
“I am your servant,” Edward exclaimed, his voice shaken, his dominance subdued. The revolver dropped to the ground, and, with open arms, he fell to his knees.
Kate tried to run, but hesitation caught hold of her. As her son tugged on her pant leg, letting her know it was now or never, run or die, Kate was frozen, unable to look away.
The true Porcelain Man laid a hand on Edward’s shoulder, then slid it up to the top of his head. His long fingers twisted. When Edward’s spinal cord snapped in two, and Edward’s body collapsed, the sound of the dense bones breaking echoed around the trees. The skin over his neck stretched as the body’s dead weight tugged at it. It ripped, and the Porcelain Man’s machete hacked through the remaining arteries and muscle.
The sight of loose skin dangling from the decapitated head, dripping gobs of blood, had Kate vomiting where she stood. The gaping hole surrounded by all that porcelain opened up wide and in went the severed head. When the beast’s gaze locked with Kate’s, that split second of eye contact was enough.
Her time running through Black Forest seemed to stretch on. Her feet carried her and Jonah through the trees so fast that even the roughest of terrain wasn’t slowing her much. When Kate gathered up the courage to look behind her, she saw blood-covered organs scooped up from a ripped torso and shoveled into that god-awful face. The body jolted every time those long fingers were stuffed into the corpse, tearing organs, bits of spine and ribs from within. The tall entity stood, dripping with blood and guts, and looked at her.
Kate focused on the tree line and prayed aloud they would make it to the clearing; all the while, her panicked breaths and overpowering grip on Jonah’s body kept the child terrified.
When the monster gave chase, running faster than a horse can race, Kate cringed at the loud cracks, pops and thuds that echoed behind her as numerous trees were pulled down and slammed to the ground. The porcelain giant’s heavy stomps, sharp deep breaths and heaving grunts—sounding like an old truck’s engine trying to turn over—spewed out from within the trees. It hauled toward the woman and her son with the will of God and the grumbling demeanor of a crazed linebacker.
Jonah cried and hid his face in his mother’s chest as he bounced up and down with her harsh movements.
As the sounds grew louder and surely, nearer, Kate was certain that at any moment, a heavy hand would snatch her up and pull her back into the trees. It would yank her into the darkness that was Black Forest and devour Jonah, then her. She felt a set of eerie, tingling chills run down her neck and back; as her arms and face went cold and numb, the fear and adrenaline that primed her, only made her move faster.
The two survivors broke free of the forest and charged through the clearing, only looking back once they reached the backyard’s gate. Kate shut it as best she could, despite the broken latch.
Inside her home, the mother-of-two took a moment to breathe. Nate stood with a large bread knife in hand, shaking and gripping the handle so tight his knuckles had turned white. He watched his mother lock the dead bolt and place Jonah on the couch. She picked up the phone to call the sheriff’s office but hung up when Nate informed her that he had already called.
As Kate’s arm disappeared between the refrigerator and the wall, her fingers fumbling and stretching to grasp the barrel of a shotgun, flashing red-and-blue lights pulled up outside.
__

Dark Phases
Maggie took the blueberry pie out of the oven and set it on the counter, then removed the pot holders that fit her hands like a pair of gloves. A sharp pain shot across her lower back, shifting her forward; her hands gripped the kitchen counter with the force of two men. Breathing through the daily occurrence always seemed to help. With each breath in, she couldn’t help but smile, despite the circumstances.
Maggie left the oven door cracked open so the remaining heat could warm her kitchen. It had been snowing for a few hours now and didn’t seem to be letting up. The wind whistled near her windows, and the house creaked every so often. It was yet another healthy winter in Colorado, and the snow complemented the various Christmas lights strung up around town on rain gutters and smoking chimneys of the residents’ homes.
Over Maggie’s shoulder, an eerie electronic voice from a weather radio came through the small device’s speaker. The voice mimicked a male in a dull monotone.
“A winter weather advisory is in effect for Harbor County. Residents are asked to stay indoors due to icy conditions and the likelihood of low visibility within the next six hours. Expect eight to fourteen inches of snow accumulation with winds gusting to thirty miles per hour, possibly causing snowdrifts.”
She clicked off the radio.
Maggie was a college student and worked part time as a hostess at a local diner. She hadn’t lived in the small town of Cosmos, Colorado, for too long, only about six months. It was, however, to her liking. She enjoyed the easy traffic, the peaceful evenings and the fact that there hadn’t been a murder in Cosmos for twelve years, or so she had heard. Her single-level rented home—though close to many neighbors—almost seemed to sit alone on the block, a corner house surrounded by a large snow-filled lawn, a lawn that took up more square feet than the house itself. Inside the 1930s’ style structure, the heat from the furnace met the cold glass windows and, in turn, produced a border of frost around each window’s edge.
Maggie dropped a tea bag in a mug of hot water and stirred it with a spoon, watching the steam rise from the liquid as she breathed in its fruity scent. She reached atop her refrigerator and retrieved a small bottle of peppermint schnapps. As the alcohol mixed with her berry tea, the girl sipped, mindful of the heat on her tender lips, and continued to stir.
She closed her eyes and smiled, savoring the flavor.
The girl sank into the fluffy cushions of her living room couch at one of its arms, the back of which shared a wall with a picture window that gave her a clear view of an empty four-way intersection. In the far distance, she could see the unending forest that hugged the entire west side of Cosmos. No matter the time of year, she always made time each day to admire the beauty that presented itself to her from her favorite spot.
The reflection of multicolored lights twinkling in the window—forming the outline of her decorated Christmas tree that stood behind her next to her lit fireplace—glimmered in waves of bursting lights. Jasper, Maggie’s light-gray Siamese cat, purred, nestled on a quilt that lay over the back of the leather couch. Outside, the stop signs were unreadable, caked with white powder, and no vehicle had yet to leave its tracks on the snow-covered street.
It was the perfect Thursday evening. The cloud-covered sky wouldn’t reveal the sun’s position, but Maggie knew she still had about an hour before the streetlights would come on, simultaneously queuing the storm’s low visibility and harsh winds.
A knock on her front door pulled her from another blissful peppermint sip. Maggie rose and hurried across the room to find a dark figure on the other side of the front door’s frosted glass. She unlocked the dead bolt and pulled the door from the frame. A burst of cold air rushed over her arms and face, immediately eliciting a shiver that she felt through her entire body.
A man in a black suit and tie greeted her with a nod. He was tall and thin, bony even. Maggie noticed dark blue eyes that were wide and unblinking. A blue that deep could only be compared to the Earth’s vast oceans, as seen from an orbiting spacecraft. For a moment, when their gazes met, Maggie felt a pressure weigh heavy on her shoulders, as if the whole world watched her through his irises. The perfect part in his dark brown hair, his shiny black shoes and his attentive posture told her right away that he’s got to be a salesman.
“I’m not interested in whatever …” the girl began but stopped when the pristine gentleman raised his hand.
“Sorry to bother you again,” he said.
“Again?”
“I’m Agent Stine. We talked earlier about the lights in the sky.”
“No, we’ve never talked before. Is there something I can help you with?”
The agent’s expression went blank. Then that smile formed once more. “What is the date?”
“It’s December 7.”
“And the year?”
A slight laugh escaped her lips. “Still 2017.”
“What time is it?”
“Three.”
“Aah …” he said. “It would appear I’m early. Good day.” Agent Stine turned and faced the snowy street.
Maggie realized, still hanging halfway out the door, that no footprints in the snow led to—or from—her stoop.
She shut herself in and locked the dead bolt and the mechanism on the door’s handle as well. 
Maggie reclaimed her mug and took a sip. A shock ran through her when the freezing cold beverage hit her lips and tongue. Jasper had stopped purring and stared at her with curious eyes. Maggie sat on her feet, her knees pressed against the couch cushions as she peered out the window, waiting for the agent to leave.
On the street, she saw no parked car for Agent Stine to retreat to, and the snow on the sidewalk was untouched.
She rose from the couch once more and reopened her door to find the agent gone and the snow on her porch a smooth, undisturbed fresh powder. Maggie gripped the door’s finished oak and then pushed it shut to seal in the house’s warmth. When the latch clicked into the frame’s strike plate and the locks were secured one last time, Maggie felt a heavy pressure, an unnecessary burden, lift from her chest, and her familiar holiday cheer took up residence in her heart once more. With a smile, the girl sank back into the cushions and sipped her steaming hot mixed tea.
Before she even had a moment to ponder what in the hell that was all about, a few flashing blue lights caught her eye, hovering in the distant sky about half a mile above the forest’s treetops.
• • •
Sheriff’s Deputy Etta Parks’s cruiser endured the soft fresh snow on a desolate back road that separated the town of Cosmos from, what appeared to be, an unending forest. The forest was Rosemont National Park. Its trees were evergreens, which held the snow on their branches, and the weight made them sag. Etta watched through swiping windshield wipers as large collections of the white powder would drop from the trees to the ground, relieving the branches of the extra weight and causing the trees to shimmy and shake for a moment.
The winding back road was one she took often; it bypassed the town’s many stoplights, stop signs and the thirty-mile-per-hour speed limit she helped enforce, though, with the snow accumulating at such a rapid rate, twenty-five was all the road would allow at the moment.
“Parks?”
The sudden voice on her radio, cutting through the calming slushing of the snow under her tires, made her jump. Etta reached for the receiver, braving the road with just one hand on the wheel. “Go ahead.”
“How’s your view of the western sky right now?”
“Not great. I’ve got evergreens all up my left side,” the deputy informed.
“Wilmont Road, odd choice for this weather. How’re the conditions out there?”
“Gettin’ worse by the minute.” Etta slammed on her breaks, turning her steering wheel to the left in a feeble attempt to avoid a dip in the snow. “Damn it!” The cruiser slid ten feet and then regained its traction.
Static cut through the radio’s speaker, blocking out the dispatcher’s transmission. A screech of high-pitched feedback filled the car’s heated interior. “Out west” was all Etta could understand.
“Say again. I’m getting some sort of interference,” Deputy Parks said.
“Reports of lights in the western sky. The sheriff requests you take Wilmont up to The Pass to check it out.”
Etta scoffed at the call for a moment, then leaned over to her window to get what little view of the sky she could. “I’m almost to Winder’s Pass. I’d say another four minutes in this snow. Nice timing,” she replied.
The call wasn’t the strangest one she’d ever received, but it was out the norm. The inhabitants of Cosmos, Colorado, were an easygoing people. The deputy didn’t receive a lot of domestic disturbance calls, maybe one or two a month. She didn’t get many burglary calls or vandalism reports. The population took pride in their homes. It was a quiet town, for the most part. That didn’t mean the sheriff’s office allowed its deputies to slack off much. They had training drills each month, which also consisted of a competition against the town’s fire department, usually a basketball game or touch football.
Etta slowed her cruiser to ten miles per hour when she saw a family of elk standing still off to the right side of the road, their eyes glowing in her high beams. Unsure if the animals would make a dash for the forest side or not, she remained alert with her foot hovering just above the brake until she passed them.
Winder’s Pass was a road that jutted into the forest. It cut straight through all the way to Utah, though few dared to travel it that far. It was nicknamed Devil’s Stretch due to the eerie forest on either side of a traveling car. Stories of phantom travelers and strange beings lurking around the road and hiding in the dark trees were common along Devil’s Stretch, not to mention the many unsolved murders, missing persons and abandoned vehicles that seemed to frequent the highway.
The sun, behind the snow clouds, was going down, leaving the town in a dreary light. Etta saw a break in the trees and slowed to make the turn onto The Pass. Her first glimpse tonight of the infamous snow-covered road gave her a shiver, and her vehicle struggled for a few seconds, wheels spinning on the ice, like a child throwing a tantrum, not wanting to venture out into the unknown.
As she made her way up Devil’s Stretch, she was once again reminded, as she was every time she drove it, how strange the surrounding sea of trees made her feel. It was as if thousands of eyes, hidden by the trees of course, were all focused on her, judging her decision to travel Satan’s Alley, as Etta called it. Etta looked out her driver’s side window again and peered deep into the forest that seemed to be darkening by the second; those cold black shadows devoured tree after tree, sneaking between them and playing tricks on the deputy’s eyes.
“What is your location, Parks?” the dispatcher asked over the radio.
“Heading west up The Pass.” She focused her vision ahead on the large slice of gray sky that, due to the trees split by the road, formed a V shape for miles on down. “I don’t have a visual. Stand by. I’m almost to the clearing.”
“Copy.”
The clearing was monstrous. The massive patch of land that had burnt out years ago and had never recovered gave most travelers a feeling of freedom. It was an oasis in a vast landscape of evergreens, a place where the forest’s predators were unable to hide. It was a spot that brave amateur astronomers would frequent in the summer nights. During the day it was considered a make-out spot for the younger kids, a picnic area for families and some truck drivers would use it as a rest stop on long drives. At night, during winter, the field’s inhabitants were as nonexistent as Etta’s desire to step foot in the abandoned clearing now.
Etta pulled her cruiser into the enormous treeless area and finally got her first view of the shimmering multicolored lights hovering deep over the forest.
“I’m parked in the clearing. I see the lights. They’re still in the western sky,” Deputy Parks informed the dispatcher. There was a clear lack of tone in her voice, as if the majority of her brainpower were being used to store the wondrous sight in her long-term memory. “This is weird.”
The lights were too far out to get any real detail on them. Even through her binoculars they appeared as twinkling lights, constantly switching between blue, green, yellow and red.
The deputy tightened her coat around her, pulled the handle on her driver’s side door and stepped out into the snow. Her foot sank into the powder about ten inches, and a thousand icy needles stabbed at her ankles as the snow fell into her boots. “God, damn it. If I get stuck out here …” she muttered, then leaned against the cruiser and raised the binoculars to her eyes again.
Just as she focused on her magnified view, the lights streaked to the right at an immeasurable speed. She lowered the binos and saw the lights grow larger as they blew past miles of forest in a matter of a single second. The deputy’s heart raced. A rush of cold ran down her back, and it wasn’t a chill caused by the weather. Her trembling fingers made the lenses of her high-powered binos shake even as she raised them to her eyes once more, watching the aircraft seemingly dance in all directions.
Etta backtracked and reached into the cruiser for her radio. She listened to the door alarm’s constant ding while she removed one of her gloves. She thought for a moment with her thumb hovering just above the receiver’s Call button. Etta had no interest in becoming the laughingstock of the office. With her back to the object, sheltered from the falling snow, she held the button. “Whatever this is, it is extremely fast. I would recommend a call to the air force. Maybe they’ve got information.”
Welton Air Force Base operated out of northern Colorado near Cosmos, while Peterson Air Force Base operated near Colorado Springs, just south of Denver. Area 51 at Groom Lake in Nevada was an active military base, and satellite images revealed runways. When connected on a map, these three locations formed a triangle, leading conspiracy theorists to speculate on strange activity that seemed to arise quite often in and around it. The majority of the Rosemont National Park and Devil’s Stretch were within that triangle. It was common knowledge that the three bases were constantly transferring aircraft among themselves, including the oversize bombers and fighters, and some witnesses had reported experimental aircraft consisting of unknown technology.
“Say again, please. You’re breaking up,” the dispatcher said.
As Etta returned her gaze to the sky, she saw the lights streak toward her position, and her nerves forced a healthy breath of air into her lungs. In the blink of an eye the object in question transformed into a large saucer-shaped craft that hovered over the clearing; it didn’t make a sound. The unidentified flying object was a metallic gray and blended with the background clouds. The colorful lights circled around the circumference of the disk, showing off the deepest blue, the sharpest red and green, and the brightest yellow Etta had ever seen.
The radio receiver slipped from the deputy’s grasp. Etta’s hands fell to her sides. Her mouth dropped open, and her eyes grew wide, then closed. Her head cocked violently to one side, and she started to convulse. Something powerful pulled at her jacket, and her feet dragged along the ground as an invisible force held her up. The toes of her boots dug into the snow and left a trail behind as her body moved, seemingly lifeless, toward the craft. In an instant she was gone, and the clearing went dark.
• • •
Marcus Straub drove his white ’88 Buick Regal past Maggie’s house and saw her peering out from behind the living room window. He waved, and a smile formed when she returned the gesture. She hadn’t given him much information, but he knew who he was looking for, a man in a black suit.
The heater in his old car did its best to warm him, but his heavy coat made the difference. Marcus’s fingers crept behind the steering wheel and clicked a lever, activating his high beams. He saw a figure walking through the snow about two blocks from Maggie’s home. The wind stirred around this man, and he walked easily in the accumulating snow. The way his hands hung down at his sides rather than bundling his jacket around him suggested the casual stranger was somehow indifferent to the cold.
As Marcus’s vehicle veered through the fresh white slush of the left lane, headed for the curb on the wrong side of the road, Marcus struggled to roll down his window via a hand crank. “It’s 2017, and I’m still driving a car manufactured ten years before I was even born,” he muttered under his breath, which became visible as the cold air rushed into the car’s interior. “I take it you’re Agent Stine?” he asked, pulling up next to the man.
The agent turned to him, flashing dark blue eyes that held a cold stare. For what felt like minutes, Marcus couldn’t pull his focus from those dark ocean-colored eyes. In them, he felt a longing for his mother, as if, in this moment, he had reverted to an innocent child.
“You must be an acquaintance of Maggie’s.”
“What makes you say that?” Marcus sputtered.
“She is the only person in this town I’ve introduced myself to. Therefore, for you to know me, you must know her.”
“May I ask what it is you want from her?”
“You may ask,” the man said, nodding.
Marcus nodded back to avoid repeating his obvious question.
“I simply want to relieve the girl’s back pain.” The agent stepped forward, placed his gloved hands on the car door and peered inside, searching for something in the back seat, then looked deep into Marcus’s eyes.
Marcus pushed back and frowned. The agent’s intrusion made him feel about two feet tall.
“What agency are you with?” Marcus asked.
“If you get involved in this now, you may regret it.”
“Is that a threat?” Marcus’s gloved hands balled into fists.
“Yes. However, the threat is not from me.”
“Yeah, well, I’m already involved.”
The agent studied the boy with judging eyes. “Very well.” He removed the glove from his left hand and, much to Marcus’s surprise, placed his palm on the boy’s forehead.
Marcus closed his eyes as a rush of electricity pulsed into his brain. The tingling sensation made his fillings hurt and his teeth chatter. In his mind’s eye, a beautiful nebula filled with every color imaginable rotated around on itself, spinning in a mix of baby solar systems and cosmic dust so fine he could feel it in his eyes and taste it in his mouth. The man stepped away, put his glove back on and continued his walk. Marcus realized the agent wasn’t leaving any tracks in the snow.
It took a moment before Marcus could gather his composure, and, when he finally did, the agent had vanished in the low visibility, just down the street. Marcus lifted his foot from the brake and pulled back into the right lane of the snowy road. After circling the block, in what could only be described as a dream state, he made his way back to Maggie’s house, not seeming to “wake up” until he put the gear shift in Park.
He sat alone for a moment, staring at his steering wheel. The muscles under his shirt twitched, and a rush of adrenaline overpowered him. Peering through thousands of falling flakes, he noticed Maggie standing on her porch, arms crossed, with an afghan around her shoulders.
Marcus activated the car’s windshield wipers to remove the fresh snow piling up, then turned back the key and the engine stopped sputtering. Opening his door, Marcus looked up into the sky and focused on the snowfall. Winters in Colorado were his favorite pastime. The way the snow always seemed to shut down the town, temporarily putting an end to the traffic, their blinding headlights and all the pedestrians, gave Marcus such a peaceful freedom.
As he trudged through the drifted snow and up the walk, he couldn’t help but appreciate Maggie’s beauty, even if her expression was full of frustration.
“Did you find him?” she asked from the stoop.
“I did.” Marcus stepped onto her porch and stomped the snow from his boots. “Something is definitely off with him.”
The boy reached his arm around Maggie to give her a quick hug. When his hand made contact with her clothing, he felt a spark. He had hugged her before and never had she seemed so fragile. Her body was warm, even in the cold, and she smelled of peppermint and daisies. Just as he breathed her in, Maggie collapsed to the concrete.


Marcus hung up the phone. He shook the nerves from his trembling fingers, then wiped his palms on his pants. He lifted the girl from the entryway’s hardwood floor and held her in his arms, tilting his ear to her nose to make sure she was breathing. Her breaths, subtle as they were, reassured Marcus that she would be just fine.
When he laid Maggie on the living room couch, he glanced out the picture window. The glow of the streetlights outside revealed the fresh snow that had blanketed the four-way intersection now pummeled with his tire tracks, though those tracks were slowly filling up with new snow.
Marcus watched Maggie’s irregular eye movements as she searched for something in the dark beneath closed eyelids. He knew from her clenched fists that whatever she saw in her mind wasn’t of any comfort to her. She took a deep breath in, and Marcus sensed the panic in that breath. He ran to the kitchen and soon returned with a glass of water, a desperate attempt to be of any help at all.
Maggie opened her eyes.
“Hi,” he said and smiled. “Welcome back. How do you feel?”
Maggie’s arms struggled to lift her upper body from the cushions. She collapsed back into the smooth leather with help from Marcus’s push. “Just stay lying down. I’ve called for help. I think you had some type of seizure.”
Maggie closed her eyes once more. The empty blackness did well to relax her. She was confused and in need of an explanation, but, for now, the darkness seemed to provide a safe haven for a temporary escape. Her body shook as Marcus’s hands rocked her shoulders back and forth in an attempt to keep her awake.
Outside, a sheriff’s cruiser and an ambulance pulled up to the curb. Marcus focused on the blue-and-red lights flashing on the living room walls. Knowing Maggie, he knew it was more of a fuss than she wanted.
Deputy Etta Parks put her cruiser in Park and killed the engine. She stared at her wristwatch, trying to account for the missing hours in her day. She could see her breath, a clear indication that, after leaving the clearing, she had driven all that way without turning on the heater. Against sheriff’s department procedure, she killed the flashing lights, then exited the cruiser to meet the paramedics at the back of their unit.
Maggie looked at Marcus with soulful eyes. “I remember,” she said, holding back tears. “They’re coming.”
“Who’s coming, Maggie?”
It was as if Maggie didn’t even hear the question. “That needle in my back. They always put a needle in my back,” she sobbed.
“Sheriff’s Office,” Etta announced as she opened the front door and stepped inside; a rush of warm air welcomed her.
“We’re in here,” Marcus informed.
The paramedics entered and rushed past Etta to assess the victim. Their gloved hands removed Maggie’s afghan and brought the cold end of a stethoscope up under her shirt to find the rhythm of her heart.
“You’re the one who called?” Etta asked Marcus from the adjacent dining room.
As Marcus walked to her, he buried his hands in his pants pockets. “Yes. Maggie just collapsed out there on the porch.”
“Okay, well, we’ll let the professionals look her over. She’s in good hands. Are you the boyfriend?”
“No. I’m just a friend. She called me because a man’s been lurking around her house tonight.”
“A man?” Etta removed a small notepad from her back pocket and flipped to an empty page. “Any idea who this man is?”
“All I know is that he claims to be some sort of agent. Agent Stine. He’s wearing a black suit. I tracked him down on the street earlier but didn’t get a whole lot from him, other than he’s concerned about Maggie,” Marcus explained.
“And Maggie doesn’t know who he is either?” the deputy asked.
“That’s right. He just showed up at her house earlier.”
“What agency is he with?”
“I asked. He wouldn’t say.” Marcus lowered his shoulders.
“All right, I’ll put a call in about this, and we’ll put some patrols out on the streets to see if we can locate him. I would recommend you don’t look for him again, in case he’s dangerous.”
Marcus nodded in agreement.
Etta reached for her radio hooked to the shoulder of her uniform. Before her fingers made contact, sparks erupted from the receiver, frying the soldered connections inside and sending a puff of white smoke up to the ceiling. Etta pulled the damaged device from her body and dropped it to the floor. She and Marcus shared the same horrified expression.
Maggie used her remaining strength to lift her shoulders from the cushion to get a look at the commotion.
“Does that happen often?” Marcus asked Etta with a laugh.
“No.” She shook her head and took a breath to slow her racing heart. “That was strange.”
“Yeah, a lot of strange things seem to be happening today.”
One of the medics stood and slid the strap of a medical bag over his shoulder. “We feel she’s okay to transport.”
A flash of light lit the house’s interior for a split second, and the ticking pendulum of the living room clock stopped. Etta, drained and sluggish, noticed the movement of her hands left a trail of tan color behind. She looked past the medics, out the picture window to see the snowfall frozen in midair. Marcus’s eyes grew wide as an undeniable panic swept over him. Fingers on his shoulders accompanied by a hot breath on the back of his neck sent his arms flailing, and he turned in place to find no one behind him. The deputy pulled her sidearm from its holster and clicked off the safety. All eyes turned to a small craft hovering by the fireplace. Where it came from and how long it had been here was anybody’s guess.
To Maggie, it was an omen of what was to come.
She had seen it often throughout her life, always moments before they infiltrated her home. It was their standard protocol. Send in a scout to scope the area and be all the more prepared upon entry. This information was a new revelation, a gift from her seizure and a gift from Marcus’s touch. Different shades of blue light rotated from the bottom of the miniature saucer. Two beams of white light erupted from the disk and engulfed each medic, sending them to the floor, unconscious.
“It’s a probe,” Maggie tried to yell but all that came out was a whisper.
The small flying disk’s image became distorted for a few seconds; then it shot through the room, past Marcus and Etta, and disappeared into the kitchen.
As fast as the strange events had begun, they ended. Etta watched the snow outside, as if on Pause, shoot to the ground, the momentum paid back in full once the clock began ticking again. From her position inside the house, she could see the flakes breaking apart in a giant fog of mist. Seconds later the snow fell normally; the paramedics were still out cold, and the other three sensate people heard the back door just off the kitchen creak open.
Marcus ran to Maggie, who rose from the cushions, looking reinvigorated.
“Maggie, who is doing this?” His hands gripped her shoulders, and he looked into her eyes.
Maggie closed her eyes and tried to process all the hidden memories now flooding her mind. Years of information flowed into her brain’s frontal lobe, and a fear rose up in her and held her tight. She now understood that this fear would never let her go, because, after today, there would be no forgetting.
As the power went out, and the house’s interior went black, Marcus let his fears roll right off his shoulders, as if something inside him had shifted. In the time it took for Etta to click on her Maglite and to search the room with its beam, he had already scanned the entire property with his mind. In that scan, he saw them. Small four-foot-tall beings with long arms and stubby legs crept through the back entrance just beyond the kitchen. Their heads were larger than a human’s but with good reason. The beings used 100 percent of their brains at any given time, putting telepathy and telekinesis well within the realm of possibility. Marcus now had a plethora of information at his disposal.
Etta tapped the cold metal of the flashlight as the beam cut out. It flickered, casting shadows all around the room as she struggled with it. “Damn it,” she yelled.
Marcus raised a hand in the air, and an almost God-like illumination arose from his palm. “They cannot hide where there are no shadows,” he said, his tone more robotic than he would have preferred.
A being passed in front of the kitchen’s refrigerator, across the room’s threshold and into a back bedroom, dropping a red flare on the dining room floor, just mere feet from where Marcus stood. An explosion of red light erupted from its ember, but Marcus’s beam only grew brighter, dispelling the heat from its pulse.
“Raise your gun. More are coming,” Marcus commanded.
Etta stared into the boy’s eyes; she watched them close, witnessing a noticeable change in dilation and color. What were once the innocent brown eyes of a scared young man now burned a fiery red.
Large black eyes and the top portion of a gray almond-shaped head peeked out from the doorway of the back bedroom. Marcus shot a laser beam from his free hand, which penetrated the skull and dropped the body to the floor. He felt Maggie’s soft touch on his shoulders. She slid past him and made her way to the kitchen. She knelt next to the small dead corpse, reached down and felt the soft rubbery skin of its thin neck.
“It’s so little,” Maggie said, not taking her eyes from the creature. Her hands wrapped around its neck, and she pulled it into the light. “Those eyes.”
The young woman had been close to her captors before, many times in fact, but never close enough to touch. Maggie brought her hand to her lower back and massaged the painful area. “This is where they inject me,” she said. “They strap me down and put something in my body that burns for days.”
“Not anymore, Maggie,” Marcus reassured.
Two shots rang out from the deputy’s gun, and Maggie looked up to see two more creatures drop to the kitchen’s tile floor, blood spilling from their heads. A flash of light flew over the house, shining in all the windows, an obvious act of intimidation that Marcus wasn’t falling for. He moved into the kitchen and signaled for the two women to follow. They did, staying as close as possible to their savior’s heavenly light that guided them forward.
“We need to go to the source.” Marcus shone his powerful glow toward the back door, which was halfway open. Maggie ran her hands up and down her arms to quell the cold December breeze from the winter storm. The wind pushed at the back door and whistled around the patio.
As the three brave souls made their way closer to the door, they could hear the gate outside slamming shut, then squeaking open and shutting again. Marcus’s free hand rose up, creating a translucent shield that radiated bright yellow and white light, its rays lighting up Maggie’s face and reflecting in her irises. The glowing unit stopped twenty burning beams of concentrated light from entering her chest. Marcus’s eyes locked with a small alien’s, until a round from Etta’s Glock-22 entered the being’s mouth and severed its spinal cord at the back of its throat. It dropped with a sickening thud as its head bounced off the linoleum.
As four more intruders entered the house, Marcus lowered the shield and a ferocious red pulse swept from his chest like a nuclear blast. Upon contact, the foreign bodies burst into a thick fog of dust, immediately thrown around the room by the breeze.
“Stay behind me, Maggie. Deputy, watch her back.”
Etta nodded, her weapon ready.
Marcus stepped out the back door and onto the covered backyard patio; its roof made the snow’s reach fall short. The wind had picked up, and the air’s temperature was so bitter. Footsteps so loud they overpowered Marcus’s own heartbeat came near. They were slow with an obvious weight behind each stomp. Marcus did his best to clear his mind and to steady his nerves. His entire body sent him information in ways he had never thought possible.
A creature eight feet tall with broad shoulders, thick arms and legs and hieroglyphics carved into every inch of its dark gray skin stepped forward and looked Marcus dead in the eyes. The beast didn’t approach. It didn’t move. Etta took aim, and her finger squeezed her side arm’s trigger, but the gun wouldn’t fire.
“Damn it! It’s jammed.” Etta banged the barrel against her palm.
The alien cocked its head to the side and squinted, sending Marcus sailing into the wall near the back door. The sturdy bricks painfully popped the man’s shoulder out of place, but, with the quick hefty tug from Marcus’s right hand, it jolted back into the socket.
Both women shrieked at the sudden turn of events.
Marcus accepted the impact and shook it off. It was exactly what the boy needed, to test the strength of his foe, to study its moves and to locate its weakness. He relaxed his muscles, realizing at this point there was no reason to fight it. The being would take him. It would be a hit Marcus could afford to take.
The alien pulled him close telekinetically. Marcus felt the force of its invisible grasp as it squeezed him, and he struggled to breathe. Watching his feet lift from the concrete, Maggie’s willful savior braced himself. As his head made contact with the porch’s overhang, a flash of light filled his vision. White paint chips fell to the concrete, and a stream of blood ran down his face. To his dismay, Marcus was dropped from a height of two and a half meters but somehow, he landed on steady feet.
While the large entity prepared for a final attack, Marcus found his moment. The young man countered, using his mind to bring the alien’s oversize head to the concrete at an incredible speed, collapsing its body in on itself and spewing its brains all over the patio.
Standing near blood and brains, teeth and two large eyeballs, the team did their best to avoid stepping in the gooey mess. Marcus motioned with cold fingers for his two followers to stay close. They moved to the edge of the patio, and, when Etta looked up, she saw a familiar craft hovering over the house. Her hand moved to the small of her back, and, upon contact, she gasped at the pressure.
Marcus moved the women out into the middle of the backyard. They fought the drifted snow and the freezing wind, keeping an eye out for anything hostile to come at them. The craft stayed still, its multicolored lights illuminating the trees, houses and snow-covered lawns, blending with the already lit and twinkling Christmas lights on the neighbors’ houses, the neighbors whose windows were oddly dark given the extreme disturbance in their neighborhood.
“I’ve seen this craft before,” Etta announced.
For Marcus, time slowed as over two hundred tiny projectiles were launched from the vehicle, aimed directly at him and his two allies. Before the women even knew the bullet-size pieces of jagged metal were coming, Marcus, in flash of white light, draped a force field bubble around himself and his friends.
He brought his hands to the sky in a hot rage and then pushed his palms together. The saucer creaked, broke and bent in on itself. The sides were under so much pressure that the covers over the lights blew out and shattered transparent material over the snow-covered lawn. With a harsh jolt of his wrist, Marcus utilized the last of his energy, and the craft was expelled from the Earth’s atmosphere in the blink of an eye. Only the whistling wind and twisting branches of nearby trees echoed through the night.
In the frozen night’s air, standing together in the heaping snow, Maggie looked to Marcus. “How will I know if they’re really gone? They took my memories from me before. They can do it again.”
Keeping his gaze on the dark clouds, Marcus replied, “I think the agent will always be watching out for you.” He turned to face her. “And you know I’m not going anywhere.”
• • •
Etta laid her loaded gun on her nightstand and made sure the safety was off. She would be very pleased to awake in the morning to see the glow from the sun again, even if it was behind a clouded sky. The magazine she skimmed through was boring. Her mind couldn’t focus on the trivial issues of the year’s celebrities, but she knew, if she shut off her light, she would lay awake for hours, thinking every noise she heard or shadow she saw was … them. No point in trying to get a good night’s sleep because this simply was not a good night.
A nervous pulse shot through her when she heard the dead bolt on her front door click. She knew she had locked it, and no one else had the key. This night she made certain she locked every door and every window. With shaky hands and a pounding heart, Etta gripped her gun. When she saw the figure in her doorway, she fired a burst of seven shots, each flash brightening up the entire room. Marcus lowered his hand, and all seven rounds were momentarily frozen midair, then clinked to the hardwood floor below.
Etta winced at the boy. His presence could only mean one thing.
“You’ll want to reload that,” he said as the sound of glass shattering echoed through the house, and a flash of light shot past her windows. “You’re next.”
__

Author Notes
Hello. It’s me, Grimm. For the love of God, join my mailing list. In all the years I’ve been writing, only two people have ever joined ... well, three if you count my sister. Yes, I’ve considered that maybe I’m not a very good writer, and based on the reviews I get, I’d say it’s a safe bet to assume so. However, if, by some chance, you disagree, please consider subscribing. You can bet your ass my two subscribers are thoroughly updated when a new book comes out. Both are yet to unsubscribe. I call that a win. You can join at my website.
Grimm Kadence Website
Would you like more Grimm Kadence stories? My book, “Omens” consists of three mysterious novelettes, which are a bit lengthier than short stories: I Loved You at Your Darkest - neighborhood kid, Patrick Jepson ventures into a snowstorm to track down his missing father; To Swear by the Stars - Cara Clemens enters a mysterious world that proves dangerously difficult to navigate; and Men Among Giants - veteran astronaut, Holland Green searches a desolate Earth for clues to his vanished family’s whereabouts.
Purchase “Omens”
Readers,
I ask only one thing of you: if you dislike this book and want to write a review, please let myself and other potential readers know, somewhere within that review, why this book wasn’t for you. Was it the dark tone of the stories, the overall story/plot, the writing itself, the characters, the gore and adult language or something else? I always appreciate details and specifics, afterall, if I’m unsure of the problem, I can’t fix it in the next book.
To those of you who’ve down-rated my books and told me exactly why, thank you; you’ve taught me to be a better author.
To those of you who’ve given four- and five-star reviews on my books, thank you so much! Your reviews are the ones that make all the hard work and late nights totally worth it. If I could, I’d take you all out for your favorite dinner.
—Grimm Kadence


