Oliver Green
Warrior of Light: follow the sun

Copyright 2017 Oliver Green
Illustrator: Elena Skalozubova





Dark times enveloped this world. War between vampires and people lasts two centuries; the both sides are trying to exterminate each other forever. Humanity is weaker than the bloodthirsty creatures, but to this day people could keep a balance and not allow the vampires to destroy themselves and use instead of a cattle. Under the sun the vampires are weak and vulnerable; the sun burns them, and silver sword kills them. This balance exists for many years since the humanity had learned to fight back the cruel beings, but everything had changed in one day when a boy was born. Not a simple boy. He was named John; he was born at sunrise. When the sun's rays had touched his mother-she burned down, but he stayed alive. At night he was found by vampires; they took him. The boy grew; everyone began to notice his force. The sun didn't burn him, and silver didn't scorch him, then the King of the vampires had understood that this child - is a gift for his clan and for him. Soon he transferred John's blood to each soldier, and then the vampires stopped being scared of silver. The sun didn’t burn them, but all the same it was causing strong pain; therefore all of them didn't walk under the sun.
As the years passed, the King brought up the boy as native son; he had taught the boy how to be cruel, ruthless and cold-blooded. Since a smallest years John was forced to fight on a ring; from the beginning, he was killing humans and vampires, and then, alone he was killing lions. His force grew, in fifteen years he easily could kill a black wolf, having in hand only a knife. His eyes burned with yellow flame, he grew up with hatred of people, and he became the best soldier and murderer of whom all people were afraid.

Chapter one.
THE MURDERER WITH YELLOW EYES.

The sun sits down; its red rays were falling on a small lake and wide field, located between wet rocks and an infinite dark forest. On the wide field didn't live any living creature, beginning from various cockroaches and finishing by largest majestic animals. There were neither green grass, nor high dense shrubs; there was only the earth with sickly plants which, apparently, died a long time ago. The dead ground had been covered by stones of different sizes, giving it even more terrifying look. 
On one of the rocks it was possible to make out stone windows and doors. In the bottom were a large stone gate, covered with bones and skulls of humans and animals - this rock was the house for vampires. The dark and gloomy mountain pushed away a look of any living creature. The castle hadn't been surrounded with high and thick walls; vampires weren't afraid of anybody coz they were at the very top of the food chain. 
At the foot of the rock there lived the most terrible animals - wolves. These animals got this name for a reason. For centuries, the vampires hybridized deadly predators with wolves to get the unique breed. Black wolves were four to five times larger than their distant relatives - gray wolves. All predators had black color of wool, if she-wolf gave birth to a gray or white puppy, then vampires considered it as garbage, and then they were killing all wolf-cubs together with the female-wolf and the male-wolf, to not allow damage of genes in all pack of the wolves. These animals were too fast and hardy; they could pursue a victim for many days or weeks. Their hind paws were longer and stronger than the front paws; thereby the wolves could jump on several meters upwards. Their paws were equipped by deadly claws; it had unique structure due to this, the predators could scramble on trees and even on stone walls. In the dark environment they couldn't be noticed; the animals quickly and silently killed their victim.
Animals had been fettered by thick iron chains which were kept in the thickness of the rock. There were a few dozen; some of them slept on the cold ground while the others were trying to break the iron chains to find freedom, but most of them enjoyed such a life.
From the forest could be heard piteous cries of birds which hid in nests, preparing for the long night. Except of growl of the black wolves near the castle there was a silence; a lonely wanderer, who doesn’t know these places, would think that this mountain is only a lifeless stone where nobody lives, but the numerous empty windows were deceptive. Vampires didn't live in the top part of the rock - they lived under; a lot of deep tunnels left deep into under the ground on tens of meters, where the blood-suckers spend majority of time. 
Soon, when the last rays of the sun ran low, the dead gate began to move. The ground began to tremble; the wolves started running from side to side because of fear, trying to break away from the chains. The bare bones on the gate were swinging aside, making a dull sound of blows against each other. After a moment in that area became quiet again. Animals calmed down and began to sniff a smell, which slowly crawled out from the castle; there was the smell of blood and carrion. 
Near the gate there were five silhouettes which dragged corpses on the ground. Black wolves began yelling; their jaws had filled by saliva. Five large vampires dragged bodies of people; there were women and men, their necks had been torn and blood-stained. Having approached the animals, one of the vampires had raised the corpse and threw it a little closer to wolf; the greedy predator grabbed the meat by teeth and began to swallow it without chewing. Other animals started howling more loudly, waiting for the turn. Wolves that were much further howled by all throat, hoping to enjoying, at least, by one little piece, but the five vampires, having fed a couple of the animals, headed back to the gate. 
Vampires weren't similar to people. Their eyes were completely black - it allows them to see well in the darkness. Because of the poor circulation of the blood, the vampires had white skin color. One vampire was much stronger than three men of human race. They were very fast. The murderers didn't know about mercy or compassion; they were killing without any regret, no matter child or adult man, as a result, both of them were dying by painful death. From the vampire's bite a man wasn't becoming one of them; it or died or survived, if could run away. Only a vampire can give a birth to another vampire. 
The vampires stood near the gate and, removing shreds of wool from the black clothes, began to wait for someone. Soon the King approached them by slow steps - he came to admire the Moon. His growth was three meters, and his eyes had black color. On his huge head there were no hair, the skin around his eyes was black, therefore his face seemed too much expressive. His chin seemed sharp due to cheekbones. Sharpened and large ears allowed him to hear flapping wings of a butterfly. He was dressed in black apparel; this dress had been made of human skin dyed in black color. 
He wiped from his chin fresh blood by fingers, and then licked it. Valafar, as he was called, looked away from the Moon and sent the gaze in the direction of the forest - there was someone. This someone walked with people, which were tied to each other by a rope. It was John; the tall man with broad shoulders. He was dressed a long cape with hood on his head. His clothes were not made of the human skin, it was made of cloth. Wide belt held gray pants on his legs. His face was not visible because of the hood over his head. John kept a piece of the rope in his right hand; he twitched it all the time, thereby hurrying the poor hostages. Five men and three women obediently followed him. Trail of blood stretched behind them; two men were severely wounded and on the way they kept losing a lot of blood. The King had sensed the smell of blood, and then he directed eyes to the wounded. 
’’Hello, father!’’ said John, and then had removed the hood off his head.    
His round face wasn't as pale, as other vampires. On his black hair it was possible to notice dense drops of blood. His left eyebrow was cut by a wide scar which went down deep into his dense bristle. Valafar, after looking at the bloody shoes of John, said:
‘’You did everything, as I requested,’’ he said and then touched the people. 
The people didn't hide the fear and despair; in addition to women, even men cried. The human race never had seen the King of the vampires, they only knew about his existence, and a meeting with him face to face meant death.
The gaze of hostages had been directed at Valafar; it seemed that this creature could govern the whole world, having so majestic force and terrible shape. The doomed people examined the terrain; they had seen wolves near the castle, the animals gnawed human corpses and quickly were swallowing the meat - that's why one of the women fell to the ground unconscious. 
Glancing at her by pale-yellow eyes, John did not attach any importance. He took out a knife and, having approached the woman, coolly cut her throat. She still was unconscious and didn't feel how the huge amount of blood leaves her body, forming a large red puddle around. Then John chopped off her hands, to not cut the single rope with the prisoners. The woman was still alive. Soon she died before had come to consciousness. Two warm hands still hung on the rope, therefore the hostages began to panic and cry even louder. 
John glanced at the vampires and ordered them to feed hungry wolves. They began to carry out his order; they grabbed the corpse and dragged it toward the animals. Valafar loved John as son and respected him as the best soldier; therefore he hadn't made any remarks.
John wiped the bloody sword and put it back in a leather case. He looked at Valafar by yellow eyes and asked him to move away from the way. But the King had expressed discontent.
''From the village you have brought only seven, and already one of them died,'' said he.
John, sharply pulling the rope to keep the people quiet, began to make excuses.
''I killed the rest of them,''
''Where are youngsters? I do not believe that in the whole village there was not a single child!'' said the King.
''I do not kill children, if you want them you have to go in there and take this shit!'' replied the vampire.
Again having looked at the people, Valafar stepped aside so John passed. 
John went inside. After passing through the gate, he found himself in a large stone hall. The fiery lamps hung from the ceiling; it dimly illuminated the room. The huge hall had stretched away per kilometer; there could easily fit a couple of thousand vampires. On the walls and ceiling had been engraved portraits of Valafar in full growth, but the portraits had two appearance; the look of a three-meter King, and the look of a winged beast. Hundreds of horses stood on both sides throughout the hall - they were tied by ropes. Hammering of hooves and neighing of the animals were sounding on the street and all over the place by heavy echo. Pieces of hay flew across the floor from side to side due to strong draught. At the end of the hall there was only one high pass - John went there with the hostages. 
Soon they found themselves on a broad stairs, where on the right side were the stone stairs leading down, and on the left - up. The vampire turned to the right.
Due to the dim lighting the people were stumbling and kept falling. They walked slowly that's why John was angry; he beat them by legs, breaking their bones. Under the ground the air became colder- the people's breath turned to steam. The ice walls had been covered with light frost, which was melting due to the torches that were near. Frequent drops of blood fell on the wet floor, painting the water in red color. The wounded people barely dragged feet; due to the long blood loss their faces turned pale.
Finally the stairs ended, they found themselves in a spacious room where was very dark, and where it was possible to hear cries of people. Small drops of water fell from the ceiling to the floor, making loud noises due to the blows. The ceiling had been shrouded by darkness, so it was impossible to calculate the height. There were a lot of corridors, which had a certain way. The vampire went with the hostages to the corridor from which it was possible to hear crying. 

***
Dark forest, the sun's rays didn't fall into the thicket due to the high and dense trees. This endless forest was dangerous. A squad of people made there a stop. 
One hundred soldiers in silver armor under the command of Dolan. The man fifty years old, with gray beard, low growth and broad physique. On his cheek he had a broad scar, the commander's armor differed from the other warriors; the silver on it had been crumpled and in some places - broken. On his left hand there were no two fingers, and it was horribly disfigured by burns. 
He wandered around corpses, limping and something muttering quietly. On the ground were scattered about twenty corpses; at some of them it was possible to notice bloody wounds on necks from teeth of vampires, but most of them were chopped up by pieces. The commander knew the murdered men, they were in his squad; a couple of moments ago he had sent these riders to scout the way, but now they lie as statues on the cold ground. 
The soldiers walked around the frozen puddles of blood, taking away silver swords, knives, arrows, and everything that resembled the weapons. Beside them there stood horses; the animals bowed their heads down, trying to nip off the grass which was covered by blood.
"Collect everything you find," said Dolan, trying to climb onto his grey horse.
The soldiers cautiously looked around. Soon from the forest came a loud roar - the people bared their swords.
‘’We should go,’’ by a low voice ordered Dolan.
The warriors saddled the horses and moved away from this place. Few large gray wolves came out of the thicket and began to tear the bodies.

***
In the dark and damp corridor were about hundreds of cages with iron bars - dozens of people had been locked there; men, women and children. Torches on the walls blazed with fire, the air had been saturated by fear. Whispers and cries were heard through these dirty and cold walls.     
To this place John had led his hostages. He opened one rusty, creaking door and pushed them inside. The doomed and frightened people obediently sat down on the wet floor, huddling against the wall. 
The vampire closed the cage, and then he hung a key on a nail beside the door. He glanced inside, had counted up the people and then went away.     
He walked over the long corridor, glancing into the every, as he thought, corral. Most of the victims were caught and transported here by John. The vampire knew every people in face and knew who was from a town or village. When people had seen him, they were hiding into the darkness, trembling with fear; they were afraid up to madness when vampires were coming to choose the victim for slaughter. 
In the cold cages the people often fell ill, but vampires did not drink the sick blood. They had been doomed to the most painful and terrible death. Such of the people were food for wolves; the animals tore them to pieces, while people were still alive. Therefore, when the sick people had heard footsteps approaching, they tried to restrain the cough and do not show signs of illness. 
Some people became crazy; trying to avoid a terrible death, they were finishing life by suicide, but there were not too much - because not everyone will be able to beat his head against a wall for hours, causing the pain to themselves.
The cages were cramped, there were time when dozens of victims could not even sit due to a crowded room...but now people became good at hiding. 
At the end of the corridor there were corrals for children, John stopped beside one of these. Two dozen children of different age huddled to each other, trying to be warmed. Usually these died from the cold faster than adults, so the vampires used eating them quickly within a couple days. For many years of life John killed a lot of children, but with reaching the older age, he had realized that the human offspring do not represent any threat, since then the vampire doesn't touch them; he considered them weak and stupid. 
John felt hatred for the whole human race, but he often went away when he had seen how his brothers eagerly had devoured the useless young children. The vampire had no compassion for children - he loathed them because of their weakness and tears; in their age John was already able to kill, and he feared neither pain nor death. 
Suddenly someone had called his name; John turned around and saw two friends, who were heading his direction. Two vampires had walked up to John and shook his hand. Looking by hungry eyes to the heap of frozen children, one of them turned to John:
''Will you take somebody?''
John refused and made pair steps back to not impede brothers. 
One of the vampires took the key from the nail and began to open the door. The scared children began to nestle against the wall and loudly cry. 
The murderer entered the room; he stopped and attentively examined the children, choosing a victim. Little children covered their faces by hands and lowered heads downwards, so as not to attract any attention. Finally the vampire made a choice; he approached a five-year boy who shivered from the cold. The enemy grabbed the child by hand and dragged him out. The boy began to scream and bite, trying to escape from grasp of the vampire. 
The second vampire also entered the cage and picked another older boy, which did not begin to resist. 
John closed the iron door and hung the key to the place. He stood motionless and looked at the brothers who went with the children; one of the boys very strongly shouted and beat the enemy, then the vampire threw him down and began to drag it by the floor. The second child walked silently toward the death, his tears and shiver did not allow him hiding all the fear and horror which he felt. 
John glanced toward the paddock; there stood a black-haired little girl. On her face were tears, but her gaze was directed at the boys, who were taken. One of them was her brother, who had hid the girl to prolong her life for a couple of moments. 
When the boys disappeared into the darkness, the girl directed her gaze on John; she looked into his yellow eyes, cried and begged for help. The vampire also looked into her brown eyes. He approached closer her, seized its small hand, and then he pushed her back to the other children, but the girl continued to stand on the same place and to look at the enemy, sobbing. Then John went away. 
He had risen upwards on the stairs, whence had come before. He had risen to the very top. There was not as cold as downstairs; the walls in there were dry and in some places warm. Having passed the naked and dark corridors, the vampire had entered into his room. 
John was the unique vampire who preferred living on the upper floors, because there was warm, and the bright sun's rays illuminated his room every morning. 
The white Moon lit up the room by bright white light. John's room was not similar to rooms of other vampires; his brothers loved to be in damp and cold rooms. In his room was one double bed, but he never slept. 
On the grey wall was a picture of the sun. In the far corner there were several barrels filled with water. Huge wooden table stood in the middle of the room, hiding the little void space. Near the bed stood a small box filled with green apples. Floor in that room was covered with dust.
Walking up to the bed, the vampire took off his bloody cloak and threw it on the bed. He wore a brown leather corset. This corset served to protect the torso against impact by a sword. On the brown leather belt he had sword and two sharp daggers. 
John had removed the belt and the corset, and then threw it on the bed near the cloak.  He approached the window and turned his gaze to the bright Moon, which lit up his face. His eyes were filled by emptiness, he thought about something. From a pocket of the gray pants John took out an apple, had bitten off a piece and began to chew on, enjoying this sweet taste. 
He stared at the white light, listening silence. Soon his eyes fell on horses, which ran towards the forest; thirty riders raced to pick up kids from the village, which not so long ago had been visited by John. He watched the vampires until they disappeared behind the trees.  
‘’Hey!’’ said someone behind.
Turning around, he saw another vampire. John greeted him and turned away again to look at the Moon. 
It was Evan, the fair-haired fellow, with thin constitution. Evan approached the window and also glanced at the greater Moon. Then, John went away from the window and approached the barrel with water; he began to wash off the blood from his hair. 
Evan sat down on the bed and began to touch the weapon belt. 
''What do you want?'' finally John asked.
''Your father is looking for you,''
''What does he need?'' said John, wiping the wet hair by a rag.
''I don't know,''
Soon they left the room and headed down the stairs. 
They had appeared in the cold underground room; the vampires were hearing shouts of people, which came from the long corridor by echoing. Not paying attention, they moved further to other side. On the way they were meeting other vampires, all of them greeted John. 
After overcoming a narrow corridor they appeared in hall; there were about hundred vampires. There was light due to many torches on the walls. 
Making his way through the crowd of the cruel creatures, John watched their feast. Dozens of human bodies were hanging on ropes. Happy children of vampires were slipping across the bloody floor without shoes, experiencing delight. They ran across the hall, laughed and were cutting veins to prisoners, in order that the floor became even bloodier. Adults always praised children for their aggression and cruelty.
After birth all children belonged to Valafar. Newborns were placed in pools, which day by day were filled by fresh blood - babies were fed by blood. Vampires had no parental instincts; therefore children grew by themselves, and studied to killing since small years to get meal. Boys were becoming warriors, and girls were supposed to incubate children. If a child was born dead or weak, his mother was murdered, and the child was food for black wolves.     
The doomed people looked at the feast. The kids came up to them and cut their throats. Filling glasses, they drank this blood in front of the frightened hostages. Due to the still small fangs the children couldn't drink the blood from victims; their teeth were not able to tear meat and reach the cervical artery, therefore each child had a knife.
Experiencing unbearable pain, the prisoners were not able to shout or say something. They could only watch, feeling the cold that slowly enveloped their bodies due to the blood loss. 
Males fought among themselves, showing force to spectators, who had crowded around them. Their snow-white fangs pierced each other, leaving ragged wounds. After the deadly battle the winner could choose five women, which will prolong his genes. 
Having noticed John, the women had blocked the way; they were offering him to drink from cups, in order to attract his attention to them. Much of them would like to give birth to a child from him, because John had unique genes. Even Valafar had ordered him to be father and founder of new race, that will have incredible strength and endurance, but John considered himself as the warrior, and didn't want to choose other way, despite all the requests of the father.
Having noticed John, the bloodied boys were approaching him to express the respect to the warrior on whom they wanted to be like. They held his hands, not allowing make any step. John raised them on hands and was glad to see their happy smiles. The kids touched him, smearing the blood on his face.
Soon John went further, and the children began to feast again. 
Through some time they arrived on a place. On the doors there was engraved portrait of Valafar in full growth, near the entry there were four guards. Glancing at John, the two of them began to open the heavy door. Soon he entered the hall of the King. Evan had stayed to wait outside, not having any courage to enter after his friend. 
Valafar was sitting on a large throne; the throne was built from human bones and skin. In his hand he held an iron cup, from which from time to time he drank a red drink. Beside him there were boys, who were taken from the children's cage - they were lying on the floor and they were dead; on its bodies could be seen deep and bloody wounds. 
Behind of the throne there was a pool. Beside it, near the wooden columns, were people; their hands had been fastened by a rope behind. Tens of the naked men and women were unconscious; the deep cuts on their feet were filling the pool by fresh blood.
Besides the King in the hall there were eight more vampires, who quietly stood near Valafar and drank blood from cups. John could not identify them, because they were from other places. The strangers had other color of eyes - with a red shade. The vampires whose King was Valafar wore only black clothes, but the guests were dressed up in different ways. 
''Come here,'' said Valafar.
John approached him. The strangers carefully had examined him.
''What do you want?!'' reluctantly asked John.
''Where is your respect?!'' got angry Valafar.
Then John bowed to father and had asked, what it wants, but already in other tone.
Valafar pointed to the guests.
''Our guests came from far away - from the east coast. They approve, that I do not have a fighter, who would be able to survive on ring with their warrior more than ten minutes''. 
John had directed sight at the guests, and then at father, not understanding what he wants. Valafar rose from the throne and approached son.
''I want you to fight with him. You have to kill it!''
After that the guests grinned.
John looked at them, whereupon they stopped laughing, seeing his menacing look.
''Well, choose someone else, why me?'' said John. 
Valafar, taking a sip from the cup, said:
''Because you're the best,''
''What will I get in exchange?'' asked John.
Then one of the guests, having made a step towards him, said:
''We brought about fifty people; a winner will take all of them''
''You should agree, lately our cages is half empty! We need this award!'' Valafar said.
Then John directed his glance to the side of the pool, where there were half-dead bodies, and then, looking at the boy's corpses, he said:
''So what?! I do not bathe in bloody pools,''
Valafar grabbed his shoulder by huge arm and whispered in his ear:
''If you agree, I'll do everything you want!''
''I want nothing from you,'' without thinking, replied John. 
He removed the father's hand from shoulder and, asking forgiveness, headed to the door.
Valafar could not contain his rage; he threw the cup against the wall and shouted that he will find someone else. 

***
''Self-satisfied fool!'' could be heard the screams from John's room.
To say that he was angry, Yes, because he did not like when he was forced to do anything. 
Evan stood in the hallway, he did not dare to enter; John was his best friend, but Evan all the same was afraid of John, like all the others. Plucking up courage, he gently knocked on the door and entered. 
John was sitting on the big bed. Evan sat down beside him and began to ask, why he's angry. 
''This is the right decision that you have refused fight. That fighter is three times stronger than you and ten times crazier,'' said Evan.
But John grinned and gave it to understand, that he is not afraid of anyone.

Chapter Two.
VEDENTOR.

A few hundred kilometers from the castle; in the middle of green fields there was a city. From three sides it was surrounded with high green trees, and in the distance could be seen white cliffs. The bright Moon illuminated the dark walls of the city. 
About thirty soldiers in silver armor stood near the gate. They were sleepy and tired - they were waiting for someone. 
The city called Vedentor, it was fortified; it was surrounded by high and thick walls built from the durable trees. On the walls were soldiers who stood a few steps away from each other; they closely followed the horizon, and they were ready to bare their weapons at any moment. 
There was no light, no voices; the city seemed dead, standing in the middle of the field. If it was necessary to communicate an important new, the soldiers spoke in whispers. In the city there lived people, at night nobody was visible, but when in the sky there was the sun-there was life.
In Vedentor had been housed several hundred people, strictly with the sunset they hid in the houses, extinguishing the light. At night-time only soldiers could stay in streets of city, which guarded it. In the streets there was no asphalt - there was only the ground under feet; because the ground did not produce any sounds from steps. 
Small wooden houses were smeared by earth in order the houses were not noticeable at night. The streets were very narrow, and on each of them there had stood large wooden crates, inside which there were weapons. For several decades’ the people live by such rules, it would seem that this city is invisible, and no one will ever find it. 
Soon the people heard the rattle of horse hooves; the warriors began to open the wooden gate made from logs, which had been put vertically to each other - such construction was considered very durable. 
The group of horsemen raced towards the gate; the first four of them were holding torches, in order to the others could see where to move. They immediately passed through the gates and moved somewhere deep into the city, in order to the rest of hundred riders had a space to enter inside. Soon the last four horsemen with torches had raced through the gate. The soldiers began to close the gate, hastening each other.
The horsemen drove their horses to the stable, which was located near.
At this moment the king did not sleep. A tall man of solid build stood in the middle of balcony and watched the arrivals. His house was larger than the others and had two floors. On the ground floor of a royal refuge there was a big hall; in the hall were many wooden tables and stools. Red curtains hung on the walls, the curtains were closing cracks - it gave the room the royal look. More than ten lusters hung on ceiling, which illuminated the room. On the second floor was the king's room, there he lived together with his wife and two adult daughters. This house was in center of the small city. On the ground floor there were conversations between the commanders and king. The king was very cowardly; it almost never left the house. 
The wind was shaking his long gray hairs. He looked at the soldiers by sullen look; they ran from house to house to eat and to sleep. He was afraid of every sound; he kept looking around, trying to see an enemy in wavering from the wind branch. 
Finally, unable to restrain himself, Dalis went to his room. He quietly walked past the bed where his wife slept, and at the exit of the huge room he took clothes. He walked past the bedrooms of daughters and headed to the first floor. The king approached the big table and began to dress; he awkwardly buttoned a black shirt, and had hardly donned a torn pants. He had straightened hair and the long gray beard, and then he went to exit. 
Dalis was walking to the gate, hoping to find the commander of the newly arrived squad. He moved briskly through the dark street, stumbling almost on every stone and hillock.  Every soldier greeted him, but the king pretended not to notice them. 
He reached the gate and began to search the commander amidst the crowd. 
''Greetings, Your Majesty,'' said one of the soldiers, but the king just nodded.
He was looking at the warriors with hope to find the man. His eyes ran there-here. Finally in six meters from it, in the middle of the crowd of horsemen, the king had seen the undersized man, who scolded young soldiers in a low voice - it's was Dolan.  He patted one of them by arm and headed, limping, somewhere. 
''Wait!'' exclaimed king. All soldiers turned around to his side.
Dolan headed to him.
''Good evening,'' said he.
The king had nodded and invited him to depart on pair words.  They went to corner of one of the houses and began to speak.
''We have lost dozens of soldiers on the eastern borders. They are more and they become stronger,'' said the commander in hoarse voice.
This new upset Dalis. He had looked into the grey eyes of Dolan and could not answer anything.
Dolan put his hand on the handle of his sword, which hung in a thick leather-cover, at the same moment they heard the sound of opening gate, they looked around - the second squad of horsemen had arrived, them was more hundreds. Dalis began to worry...
''Too loud!'' muttered he.  

***
Dawn. Dozens of chained wolves basked in the first rays of the sun. Having sated, they were fast asleep. 
Loud sounds were heard at the bottom of the castle. More than thousand vampires had been located down in a big hall. They sat in the stands that had been raised in several rows up - they were waiting for something. 
The torches and lusters on the walls and ceiling were covering the hall by the light. A small round field had been surrounded by tribunes - this field had been covered by dark-red sand. Arena for fight had been fenced by iron walls, but the audience could see everything that happens in there, because the tribunes were above. This place had been built for fights. The dark red sand - is the sand mixed with blood. 
The bloody arena had no way out, it been impossible to climb up due to the iron walls which were very high. In two sides there were doors which had been locked outside. This field – is the cage for alive and dead. 
The audience shouted, demanding the show. There were women and children, in their hands could be seen wooden bowls filled with blood. 
John stood in the middle of the crowd and had looked down into the arena. He saw there himself - the little boy, who was fighting to the last breath. There he had felt a pain for the first time, this arena taught him to survive at any cost and kill without pity or mercy. Since the five years he studied cruelty and murder, in unequal battles John always was a winner. With each fight the boy was becoming angrier and more dangerous, his senses were sharpening, and the power was growing. Standing beside arena, John thought about those times and had remembered his every fight. 
Suddenly someone tapped him on his shoulder; he turned and saw Evan, who was standing beside with two wooden bowls, filled with blood.
''Came to watch?!'' he asked.
John nodded and looked to the opposite side of the tribune, where there stood his father; he spoke about something with guests. 
''Here,'' said Evan and gave to John one cup of blood.
He took the cup in left hand and thanked friend. After talking a few more minutes, Evan went further. John looked at the cup, tilted it down and had poured the blood out into the arena, watching as the sand greedily devours it. Having raised head, the vampire noticed the piercing gaze of father. 
He did not like Valafar as father, but he respected him, because he was afraid. John knew that he'll die in a battle against him. 
There was a voice, the audience screamed; they directed their eyes down on the battlefield. In the middle of the crowd in the front row there stood a tall and big man - he was there for a reason. This vampire was the host of the show; he was announcing names of the heroes, who were ready to give their blood to the hungry sand. His voice was very loud and rude – the crowd loved it. He sat down so that its legs hanged down downwards on arena. The presenter scratched a bald head and had prepared to speak. He raised his left hand up to the audience fell silent. When in the hall was quiet, presenter lowered hand and began to welcome the viewers. 
John stood nearby and listened to him; he was interested to hear the name of soldier, who has the courage to fight with an unknown warrior. 
The door to the arena creaked; John glanced toward it by dim-yellow eyes. 
''I know him!'' shouted presenter; he saw a soldier who stepped on the sand. ''Antagor today will fight with legendary warrior from the east coast!'’
''Antagor!'' shouted viewers with one voice.
The man walked along the sand with bare feet, wearing only black pants.
By one hand he greeted the viewers and in another hand he held a sword. He was smiling, because the King chose exactly him for this battle. Through his smile there could be seen fangs, which were perfectly white. 
The crowd screamed his name; they were glad to see the brave soldier. All the vampires shouted and rejoiced; only John stood silently and had no smile. 
Soon, unexpectedly for all, the second door had opened. The contender had stepped into arena. 
The crowd fell silent. Dead silence came into the hall.  Antagor took a few steps back and turned to look at the door where he came from, but at the same moment there was a click - the door had been locked. 
In front of him there stood a soldier; it was a huge growth - more than two meters. Boliaf, that was his name, stood silently on the ground and stared at Antagor. His eyes had red color. His pale body had been covered by massive scars. He was holding a huge cudgel in hand, which was covered with nails. He was dressed in a leather skirt. 
The soldiers stood silently opposite each other and waited for command. Antagor had grabbed the sword with both hands, he was afraid. He was looking in different directions - he sought a way out of the arena. 
''This is the mighty warrior, about whom we have heard so much!'' finally said presenter, not hiding his smile.
Boliaf began to roar; he roared loudly like an animal, showing himself to viewers, while the crowd screamed with him. 
Antagor lost control; he stepped back to the door and began to beg to let him out. Valafar got angry and ordered him to fight. 
"No! Please!" Antagor begged, trying to break the iron door.
On the mutilated face of Boliaf was a smile, the same smile had been on his owner, who was standing near the King and laughed.
Finally, unable to stand, Boliaf rushed into the fray. He quickly overtook Antagor and grabbed his leg by the huge hand; he threw him away from the door to the center of arena. Antagor rose on feet and had been ready to reflect the impact of the enemy, who rushed towards him. 
''Fight!'' shouted Valafar.
Boliaf approached Antagor and hit it by cudgel, but Antagor managed to reflect attack by the sword. Fight was untied. The audience screamed loudly. 
Blow after blow he reflected the fatal and severe attacks of opponent. The enemy was very fast, he did not allow Antagor to attack. 
''He plays on the audience,'' said the guest to Valafar.
Soon Boliaf stopped playing, he knocked out the sword from hands of Antagor and grabbed his neck; Boliaf lifted him upwards on the stretched hand and began to shout. The poor guy had no chance to get out of the grip. He had seen the screaming crowd and the King, who was so angry on him. 
''Kill him!'' screamed the crazy viewers.
Boliaf pressed Antagor to self and plunged his fangs into its neck. Blood poured down to the sand. Boliaf greedily was drinking it. Through the last breath and last look through the crowd, Antagor saw John who looked to him exactly in eyes. 
Having got drunk, Boliaf threw the dead body to viewers. He raised his hands up and roared like an animal, baring jaws, from where could be seen his huge fangs. He walked through arena, rejoicing of another victory. 
All had rejoiced, only Valafar and John watched in silence. Black eyes of the King burned with rage and anger; he did not want to lose victory, so he ordered to provide another warrior. 
The iron door opened again; three vampires pushed into the arena other guy, who strongly resisted. They put on him iron armor. He rushed to the door, but it had been closed. Realizing that there is no escape, he took the sword and first rushed to the enemy. Trying to hurt him, he waved a blade without looking.
Boliaf raised the heavy cudgel and directed it to him - the vampire managed to dodge, but the cudgel had touched his hand a little. Having caught an instant, the vampire plunged the sword into Boliaf leg, but he lost the sword from his hands. Boliaf stepped back and pulled the blade out from his leg. The audience fell silent.  Boliaf stood still and had looked at the enemy - it staggered back and fell to his knees; he began to cough, blood flowed from his eyes. Boliaf approached him; he pushed the enemy by foot, and then hit it by cudgel in chest with all forces. The vampire howled in pain. Boliaf grabbed the half-dead soldier and with all forces threw it against the wall. The audience admired by such strong warrior; he was killing every rivals by cudgel which was covered with deadly poison. The arena had been covered by dead bodies; some of them were thrown up on tribunes. Boliaf sucked the blood from each of them, becoming stronger and meaner. When Valafar ordered to another soldier to go to the arena, there came a voice:
''Enough!'' screamed John, unable to stand.
The hall fell silent. Valafar sighed with relief, his facial expression had changed; he knew, that now the victory belongs to him. John approached father. 
''That's all what you wanted, right?'' said he and went on.
  He took off his shirt and headed to the door. On the right side of his abdomen and ribs could be seen broad and ugly scars of burns. 
He stepped onto the sand. He had turned to the door and ordered to close it. John stood in front of the enemy; Boliaf was covered by blood of the dead’s from head to toe. John stepped forward and looked at the sand under his legs. 
"John, John, John!" the viewers began to shout more loudly and loudly. 
He looked up and saw - the audience stood up for him; they were looking at John as on a hero. 
''And this is your warrior? He is small and weak!'' laughed the owner of Boliaf over the King's ear.
Boliaf was furious, because the new rival stole his viewers. 
John was calm, his heart beat smoothly, he listened to the loud breathing of the enemy; he was examining him from head to toe, trying to find weaknesses, but there, seemingly, were not. 
Boliaf looked at John as on a prey, he did not understand why the crowd was happy to see this young warrior. He smeared blood across the face, trying to wipe it. They stood in front of each other, John seemed very small compared with it; he was looking into the enemy's eyes, sending a challenge. John had clenched the long sword in his right hand and headed to Boliaf. The enemy had rushed forward; through an instant the warriors began the fight.
Through the silence in the hall could be heard the sound of clash of the sword and cudgel. The audience attentively watched the fight. Boliaf could not constantly attack; he only was reflecting the quick strokes of rival; all the time John was pushing him back by continuous and fast blows. But having caught an instant, Boliaf hit by cudgel the sword of John with all force; his sword bounced into the iron wall and stuck in there. 
Valafar began to worry; he gripped the cup with blood with force and broke it. 
John took a step back, but Boliaf caught him and hit by strong hand over his face; John fell on the bloody sand next to a corpse. Not having to get up, he saw above itself the enemy that was ready to strike a fatal blow, then John grabbed the corpse of his brother and dragged it onto himself; toxic spikes dug into the dead body. While Boliaf tried to pull out the weapon from the dead body, John threw off the corpse and quickly rose on feet, but at the same moment he staggered backwards and fell on his back. 
The audience jumped up to look. 
The impact was too heavy for him, but soon he once again rose on feet and, watching the enemy, began to depart by small steps. The blood flowed from his nose; it dripped from his chin and belly to the sand, which greedily was absorbing it. 
John wiped the blood by hand and then threw the sights on Boliaf. His eyes lit up by bright yellow light, this meant that John became angry. The enemy froze for a second - he had seen this for the first time. 
John immediately rushed to the sword while the opponent stood still. He tried to pull out the sword from the wall, but he did not have time - the opponent went on attack. 
The vampire quickly evaded away from blows, trying at some points return his sword, but his attempts were in vain. Soon he realized that he has to fight without weapon, because his sword firmly was stuck into the wall. 
Boliaf got tired, his attacks became slower - he stopped. John listened to the rapid beating heart of the enemy and his loud breathing. 
''Kill him!'' shouted the owner, ordering to Boliaf.
The enemy greedily swallowed the air and slowly walked toward John, who slowly was retreating along the wall by small steps. The two-meter soldier approached closer and closer John, fiercely looking into the yellow eyes of the opponent. 
Finally John stopped and leaned a hand against the wall; he looked only at the weapon of the enemy, his breath was calm. Nothing suspecting, Boliaf headed by fast steps towards John and lifted the cudgel upwards to hit the enemy. With a loud roar Boliaf directed the weapon to John and struck, hoping to nail him against the wall. In this instant John jumped to the side; the cudgel stuck into the iron wall. John slipped under legs of the enemy and climbed on his back; therefrom he made a jump upwards and clung to the wall. Boliaf tried to get him back, jumping on the spot. John began to climb up the wall, grabbing small ledges by hands. 
Evan noticed this and ran towards the friend; he knew that he climbs for a sword. Evan arrived on the place and gave his sword to John. John grabbed the weapon by right hand, and by the left hand he hung on the wall, observing for Boliaf, which looked at him from the bottom and swung the cudgel, shouting loudly in anger. 
John pushed off against the wall and jumped down near the enemy. Being with the sword, he headed to Boliaf. The battle started again. 
John managed to cut the opponent leg; Boliaf shouted in pain. Blood poured down on the sand. John inflicted the wounds to the enemy over and over again. Boliaf was bleeding; through the deep cuts on his chest were visible thick ribs, he was limping and loud breathed. 
Boliaf once again hit the enemy in his stomach; John flown away on some meters back. John rose to his feet and paused; he was watching the bleeding enemy. He sheathed the sword; his hands were empty. 
Finally the vampire rushed to Boliaf; he pushed off the sand and jumped on its back and then took out the sword - John plunged the blade into the shoulder of the enemy. Boliaf howled in pain and threw the opponent away, the blood quickly began to leave his body; he dropped the cudgel and began to grope the wound. John ran to the wall, and with a running start, he pushed off against the wall by legs, and then from above inflicted a mortal blow on the enemy's back. Boliaf fell dead. 
John watched how his eyes still were looking around. After a long silence the hall became yelling. 
John stood over the dead body of Boliaf, and his eyes burned with a bright yellow flame.

***
The bright rays of the sun covered Vedentor. After the cold night the life once again returned to these places. Small children ran through the narrow streets and shouted, enjoying the warm morning. They raced to the gates, which were close to opening. Three strong men began to twist the wooden wheel - the gate began to climb up.
The soldiers grumbled at children, who quickly passed through the gate, without waiting for their complete opening. 
Sleepy women, having seized in both hands empty buckets, went beyond the walls. There nearby was the well from which they gained the clean water. Some children helped their mothers to drag the heavy weight, because the men were engaged in another matter - they kept watch on the wall since morning till the night. 
Every day women woke up at dawn, for all day they should wash dirty clothes of men, feed and water horses. In spare time many of the women went into the wood, hoping to find anything edible, because in the city there was not enough food. Most of the people in the city had been depleted; they were eating only one bowl of oats for the whole day. 
The people do not keep any cattle, because it was making too much noise at night. To the men were allowed two bowls of oats and a piece of meat, if they were lucky with hunt, but it was very rare. 
Adults were aware of all the troubles; they knew that they are on the verge of life and death, only children, enjoying each day, never thought about despair, which overtook the human race. 
Two cavalry under the command of Dolan and Nestor carefully made the way towards the gates through the crowd of residents. Every dawn they left the city in order to bypass the borders. Boys waved by hands, saying goodbye to them.
Finally, having moved away from Vedentor for a short distance, two squads went off in different directions. Each cavalry had the certain territory to bypass; one in the South and the other in the East. So they protected their lands, and if on their way there were enemies, then the soldiers were killing them. 


***
Having overcome the way in half of day, the squad of Dolan stopped for the rest in the thicket of dark woods. 
Sitting on the cold ground, the warriors pulled out food and began to eat. Beside them there were horses; they tweaked grass and constantly were raising heads up due to the fear of something. The animals were intimidated because of the frequent deadly battles, which were going on between vampires and humans. Also in the areas, where had been the squad, the horses were easy prey for hungry predators.
Through the dark thicket of the wood it was possible to hear the howl of wolves which, sensing the smell of people, did not dare to come close. Some soldiers wandered nearby, hiding behind the thick trees; they gazed down on the ground, hoping to find some berries to feed their families. 
Soon the soldiers finished lunch and hastily began to saddle the horses to follow the commander. 
Dolan called to itself a dozen horsemen and had ordered them to move forward on pair kilometers to find out what awaits them in there. The riders obediently rushed into the distance. 

On their way they met no living soul; birds and animals in these parts was long gone, most of them died from the sharp fangs and claws of creatures who lived in the woods, the survivors left these places a long time ago. 
Having made sure that no enemies in the area the soldiers turned their horses and headed back. 
After passing a half way, they stopped. The horses began to get nervous and flounce in different sides. Three men fell on the damp earth, their horses dashed away. 
On the road, under a tall green tree, they saw a black horse, on which sat a rider. His face was not visible due to a hood on his head. 
The soldiers had bared their swords; one of them had directed an arrow towards the stranger; he was ready at any moment to shoot it at his head. The unknown rider stood still and watched the men. 
Suddenly there was a noise behind them; they had turned around and saw another five horsemen, who slowly were approaching them. 
''Get out of the way or...'' said the man of thirty years by trembling voice.
"No," interrupted him the rider on the black horse.
The warriors recognized this voice, whereupon they got scared and tried to escape but were surrounded. They began to huddle to each other, not knowing where to go.
''John?'' said the one young man.
The vampires, who had surrounded them, began to laugh.
''What do you want?'' hesitantly asked one of the soldiers.
John smiled, having shown his sharp fangs, and then headed toward them. He approached the person, who asked this question.
''What do I want from such nothingness as you?'' asked John.
''Our squad is nearby, having noticed our disappearance they will come for us!''
John smiled again.
''What is name of your commander, Dolan?'' asked the vampire, looking into the frightened eyes of the man.
But the soldier, having lowered his eyes, said nothing. Then John dismounted and approached the rider. Having grabbed it leg, he threw the soldier onto the firm ground. His comrades, due to the fear, could not do anything; they silently watched the vampire. John lifted the man and grabbed his neck by hand; he began to choke the soldier.
Soon he had released the man, when he noticed a young man, who began to cry. The vampires began to laugh more loudly. John pulled him from a red horse and threw him with all force to the ground, after that he grabbed his arm and hoisted him to feet; the young man began to wipe away the tears with trembling hands. John had turned it tear-stained face to the people and said: 
''And these are your males?''
 The men were silent, not having the courage to say something. Then John told the people to lay down their arms; they obediently threw their swords and arrows on the ground. 
The men dismounted and lay down on the ground on stomach. The killers tied their hands behind the back and then have put them on knees. John approached the horses, took off all ammunition, and then he had frightened them; the animals rushed away. The vampires had tied the prisoners to own horses and headed towards the castle, having pulled the dark hoods on heads to not get burned by the sun's rays. But John didn't go with them; he stayed in the place and beside him, kneeling, was the same young man who cried. 
The fellow didn't understand why he was not taken with the others, in his heart still there was a hope, but John began to tie him against one tree and to the questions of the young man why he does it, the murderer did not answer. John knelt down next to him and, having glanced into his blue eyes, took out a dagger. Despite of all requests for mercy, the vampire inflicted the first stab wound in his chest; the young man began to cry out in pain. Having pulled out the blade, he again stabbed the man in belly, and then next three stabs were inflicted on the legs of the soldier. 
He wiped the bloody dagger about pants of the captive and had put it into the leather case. The wounded man was screaming and roaring from severe pain, his clothes were soaked by blood and clung to his body. Having saddled the black horse, John rushed away. 
Having stopped nearby, he began to climb up on a tall tree; from above he could see the man, who was bleeding. This soldier was the bait for his squad that was nearby; his cries and entreaty about help could be heard for several hundred meters. 
When it became dark, the vampire realized that no one will come. He climbed down from the tree and saddled the horse; he headed to the warrior, which from the loss of blood could no longer scream or cry. Having cut his throat, John went himself in search of the squad. 

Chapter three.
AN UNUSUAL FIND.

The sky shimmered by the bright red light of the setting sun's rays. The vampire often looked up, trying to find a loophole, from where he could be see the sunset, but there wasn't. Darkness slowly enveloped the woods in its embrace.  
Wandering through the forest at night, John found a place where the squad passed. On the ground there could be seen about hundred horses traces, the vampire went after them.
At night the trees seemed alive; they watched John, whispered among themselves, throwing leaves under the hooves of his horse. Eyes of the rodents shone out of the darkness; they were hiding when John passed by. The bright moonlight barely made his way through the dense trees. 
Having passed the big distance, John stopped. In front of him stretched a deep river; traces went through it. John dismounted and approached the river. 
John sat down on knees and ran his hand through the cold water.  Suddenly near the shore he noticed something. The murderer picked up from the ground a wet white rag in size with his palm. John unfolded this and saw the portrait of a girl; he immediately threw the rag on the ground. He stood there for a long time, looking to the opposite coast of the river. 
Finally John went to his horse. He patted the horse's neck, climbed into the saddle and headed towards the castle. 
Having overcome small distance, he had stopped the animal and, without thinking twice, turned back. Having appeared on the same place on coast of the river, the vampire long looked at the cloth that had been thrown by him. He dismounted and approached the coast by slow step, and then he stretched his hand and picked up the thrown rag, scooping up with it the little wet earth. John shoved it in the pocket and then saddled the black horse and rushed away. 

Having appeared at home, the vampire put the horse in a stall. John had thrown a bunch of dry hay; the animal began to chew it, satisfying it hunger. 
''Have a rest, Demon,'' said John, patting the horse's neck.
The horse's name was Black Demon, but John used to call him just Demon. Despite the old age, the horse was frisky and full of energy. John saved him from a pack of wolves, when he was still the foal. In gratitude for saving life the stallion faithfully served his owner.   
Having examined other horses that stood beside, John headed for the stairs. Having risen, he entered the room. 
Having removed from itself the leather corset and the belt with weapon, the vampire approached the barrels with water. He took pure water in his palms and began to wash his face. Having passed to the window, he sat down on the window sill and took out the rag from his pocket. He shook off dirt from it and began to carefully examine it. 
On the rag was the portrait of a girl that was embroidered by colored threads. Her long hair had the red color. Dark eyebrows well emphasized her blue eyes. John watched her for the long time, trying to understand, whether this portrait a real or just fiction, and who owns this rag, maybe someone had dropped it out of his pocket? He could only guess. 
He quickly hid the portrait when he heard footsteps. He turned around and saw a vampire standing on the doorstep; he told to John go to Valafar. John reluctantly got up and went. 
Having appeared in the throne hall of father, he began to talk with him. The King asked John about last night; he wanted to know if he found the human city or not. But John answered that knows nothing. 
Vedentor - is the only city that was not found yet by vampires. Nobody of the vampires did not know about the location of the invisible city, because the human troops killed all enemies for many miles, not allowing to murderers come closer to home. 
''Then why have you been absent for so long?!'' asked Valafar.
''I was looking for,'' John replied.
''Did you found something? Maybe any traces?''
John had recollected those numerous traces which were left by squad on the river, but he did not say a word to father about it. John wished to find the city personally and to return to the Castle with immense prey, to once again show the force and the excellence. 
Under the feet of the King, beside the throne, there were dead people; they lay on each other in a pile. John directed his gaze in there; he noticed the little black-haired girl, who asked him for help there in the cage. She was lying on the top of corpses, trying to get up, but she could not. John glanced at father; he drank fresh blood from the iron Cup, the blood ran down his lips. At the entrance John had not noticed this little girl, but at that moment his gaze was directed only at her. The child also looked into John's eyes, her face was pale, and her eyes were becoming dim with each passing second.  Valafar spoke something to John, but he did not respond to the King's words, it seemed that John did not hear him. John watched how the life leaves her body, listened to her labored breathing. The girl did not feel the little hands, her legs slid across the bloody bodies downward. Her ragged dress stuck together with the dead bodies, because of the congealed blood. John did not notice how his eyes filled with bright yellow light, but, despite this, his heartbeat was calm and indifferent. 
''John!'' suddenly shouted Valafar.
John turned his eyes on father; his eyes again regained a dim color.
''What is wrong with you?!'' asked Valafar.
''I'm okay,'' said John and headed for the door.
Valafar discontentedly looked after him, and then he had thrown a sight at the child which still struggled for the life. He ordered to the soldiers to feed animals and then he went to the pool. Having removed from itself the cloak, the King plunged into the warm blood. 
John headed into the hall, where there were horses. He led out the horse through the gate. He approached one of the wolves; the wolf happily hopped beside John, gasping from a tight chain around his neck. John patted the black beast on the back and released him. The black wolf rushed into the distance, leaving behind the scraps of the torn ground.

''Not so fast, Argus!'' shouted John after him, whereupon the beast stopped and headed back. 
John smiled, and then saddled his horse, but before he could move away he heard a noise behind. Having turned back, he saw three vampires who carried the corpses to be devoured by predators. Having noticed the child, John had strongly asked them, if it is alive or not. 
''Soon she will die,'' said one of them.
Then John dismounted and walked toward them. Three vampires threw the child's body to the ground. 
Wolves smelled the fresh meat; they began to roar, trying to break free of the chains. 
John approached the girl's body and, listening carefully to her breathing, had noticed that she was still alive.
''Animals are hungry! Get away, John,'' said one of the vampires, having put his pale hand on the hilt of the sword that hung on his belt. 
''You have to strangle her!'' persistently demanded John.
After his words one of the vampires, the largest, approached John. They gazed into each other's eyes. 
''You are different from us,'' said the vampire.
Looking at his hand that was on the hilt of the sword, John cautiously took a few steps back. 
''You do not drink blood, why you do not drink blood?!'' crossly asked the vampire.
''Not your business,'' said John, keeping calm.
''I can see something changed inside you! Everyone can see it, and your father! You eat apples - for us it's poison!'' said the vampire.
''Come on! Take out your sword,'' said John, looking into the dark eyes of his brother.
Then the vampire turned back to look at his comrades. After a long silence the vampire smiled, having shown to John his canines, then he had approached the dying child and stepped on her fragile neck - he broke it. 
''Are you happy right now?!'' said the foe, having approached John so close, that John felt its cold breath.
They stood in full silence, looking each other steadfastly in eyes. The vampires behind didn't know what to do and also stood in silence, having put their hands on the hilts of the swords. 
''Boo!'' shouted the vampire that stood nearby, trying to scare John.
But John didn't even blink and didn't flinch; he still looked at brother by pale-yellow eyes and was absolutely calm. 
Three vampires began to laugh. Then one of them, who stood closest to John, bared a sword. John took out the sword and reflected the enemy weapon aside, then he thrust his sword into the heart of brother by one motion - it fell dead. The other two rushed at John, but at the same moment there came a roar; the huge black beast rushed at them - he began to tear them by sharp fangs and long claws. The wolves that were on chains began to roar due to the smell of fresh blood; the saliva flowed from their huge jaws. Torn limbs flew in all directions, spraying blood all over the ground. Soon John stopped the beast, and then he saddled his horse and rushed quickly into the distance. 
He raced through the rocks and trees, not stopping for a second. Argus followed him, trying to keep up. The bright moon lit their way. Dozens of birds, who had wandered in the thickets of the dense high grass, flew up due to the rushing rider, and the rats hid in their holes, sensing for a hundred meters the pungent smell of the huge wolf. 

Chapter four.
THE HUMAN CHILD.

On a high and wide hill, where there were no trees and shrubs, in the middle of the green grass there sat John. He sat on knees. Argus lay nearby and gnawed someone's bone. Black Demon wandered around them, trying to nip off the pink flowers among the thickets of grass. At the bottom they were surrounded by the high and infinite trees. The thick wool of the wolf swayed due to the faint wind. There was so quiet, it seemed, in that area there was not a single living creature, even the birds did not sing in this early morning. 
John often came to this place in order to be alone and listen to the silence. He waited the dawn. 
Slowly, the sun began to rise over the horizon. John directed his pale-yellow eyes on the first rays, which sought to reach him. His eyes were filled by bright yellow light. John stared at the sun; he seemed to be fascinated by this grandeur and beauty.
The vampire closed his eyes to feel on his face the warmth of the bright rays. Argus, blinded by light, had turned away and, having curtailed into a ball, fallen asleep.  Sitting in the middle of the hill with eyes closed, John seemed very happy and calm. His hands rested on his knees, on his face there was a smile, through which could be seen the snow-white fangs. 
Having opened eyes, he began to talk... not with himself - he spoke with the sun as with living creature. 
''I've lost my way,'’ 
Argus had turned an ear in his direction. In his teeth he strongly held the bone, not wanting to share it with the black horse which wandered around; Demon didn't care about this bone, but the wolf did not understand it. 
Sadness had appeared into his bright-yellow eyes, he was still looking right at the sun; on his face there were no any wrinkles from the bright rays. He clenched his fists and began to remember about all his campaigns and murders. 
Previously, John was cold-blooded executioner who didn't know about mercy, but over the time he began to change. His supporters have long noticed it. John with all his heart wished the death for the whole humanity, but he didn't see any sense, except for satisfy the father's thirst. John did not understand own significance; he was not like his brothers, he often thought about, what if the human blood flows in his veins - this obsession oppressed him. Otherwise he didn't understand why the sun doesn't burn him. 
''Show me the way,'' said he, pausing and hoping for an answer.
But no matter how much he asked he never heard the answer. 
Argus had turned his ear, but not in the direction of the vampire. He jumped on his paws and fixed his gaze into the distance, over the hill to the dense forest. 
''What happened?'' surprised John. 
Having paid attention to John, Argus lay down again on the ground and curled up into a ball. 
Having risen on feet, John approached edge of the hill to look, on what Argus had paid attention. John saw nothing, therefore he went back; but before he could sit down he noticed that black wolf again jumped and went in the same direction, but with great interest.  
''Wait!'' said John and grabbed the animal for a chain on it neck. ''What's in there?’’
He pushed the thick wool on the neck of animal and had put fingers in order to grope it pulse; his heart was beating really fast, then John realized - there is something, somewhere below. 
John had released the wolf and walked back to the edge of the hill, but he saw nothing and heard nothing. John stood on the edge together with Argus, stroking his massive head to calm the beast, but Argus began to growl and grin, then John saddled the horse and headed down the hill. Predator rushed forward, showing the way. 
When he had appeared in the thick woods, John heard screams and cries coming from somewhere far away. Having overcome pair kilometers, they stopped.  There were about dozen vampires; beside them there lay a corpse of a man. Argus ran to the dead body and began to break it hand, trying to tear. 
The vampires, not having noticed the wolf, continued to laugh and have fun; they were throwing to each other a woman and a child. They bit the people in necks by turns and, having made a few sips of blood, passed them to others. In this bustle they did not pay any attention to the beast, who was dragging the corpse away, also they did not notice John. The woman begged the murderers to have mercy for her son who was just ten years, but they did not listen to her and continued to suck the boy's life. 
John sat on the horseback and watched them from the side. He didn't care and he didn't want to interfere. He thought only about that he could still sit on the hill, basking in the sun. The vampire sat quietly, watching Argus and strangers.
Finally, when the child stopped crying due to fatigue, John turned his horse back and began to move away. The black wolf with a hand in his mouth ran after him. Having passed tens of meters, the vampire stopped, he looked somewhere in the distance; having lifted his head upwards, he attentively began to stare at the sun's rays, which managed to break through the defense of the dark forest and cover the earth with sunlight. The beast threw the hand on the ground and sat in front of the stallion, staring at John. 
The vampire looked into his green eyes and said: 
''Follow me!''
John quickly rushed back. Having left the horse nearby, he headed to the strangers. He quietly approached them and began to examine them; they weren't from his land - they were differed by clothes.
Having accepted John for the comrade, one of the vampires pushed the boy to him. The fair-haired child with pale face grabbed John by slippery hands; he had soiled him by blood. John got angry and grabbed the boy by the shirt and then threw him away to the side. The child fell on the ground; he was unable to move anymore. The laughter died down. 
''Who are you?'' asked one of the strangers. 
''It's not nice to play with food,'' replied John, looking at the dead woman that lay wide-eyed.
The vampires exchanged glances among themselves. 
"We don't know you, this is our territory, you shouldn't be here!" said they. 
''This is neutral territory,'' said John. 
''Get out, or we'll kill you. This is our prey!''
After these words the vampires staggered backwards, seeing the beast, who stood in front of John to protect him. 
Having bared bloody jaw, Argus slowly approached them. 
''Take away your wolf!'' said one of them, having bared a sword. 
''Argus!'' commanded John. 
Wolf rushed on the sword of the enemy and threw the weapon aside, and then he dug into a neck of the vampire; he tore a piece of meat and swallowed it. 
Long claws of the beast cut the body of the vampire to pieces. Exhausted from the pain, the enemy begged for mercy, but John coolly watched how Argus tore piece after piece of his prey and greedily devoured meat. The others watched in horror as the beast gnawed their comrade; they froze with fear and did not dare to help. 
When the predator had calmed down and silently began to eat up the dead vampire, John bared his sword and had directed it towards where the boy was lying.
''Weak, cowardly, vile creatures - the people,'' said he, having looked into the child's eyes. John leaned the sword against his neck. ''I have killed many people,'' added he.
The vampires had looked at John; they were waiting for him when he going to cut the boy's throat. But after a long pause John finally said: 
''But I don't kill children anymore,''
And then he directed his sword to the side of the vampires. The enemies had tried to get weapons, but Argus jumped towards them and began to growl, having bared his jaw. Fearing the beast, they immediately dropped the weapons on the ground and raised their hands.
''Will you kill your brothers?'' said one of them, fearing. 
John thought a little about his actions and then told them to get out, having directed the sword to the side. The vampires rushed into the forest and soon disappeared behind the dark trees. 
John sheathed the sword and began to watch Argus; the black wolf happily jumped around the fresh corpse. The wolf tore off a big piece of meat from the thigh of corpse and threw it to the feet of John.  
''No, thank you!'' said John, trying to wipe the dirty shoes against the ground.
Having saddled the horse, the vampire rushed off back to the hill, but even on a great distance he could hear the boy's voice who cried all the time. John stopped, listening to incessant shouts. He came back. John seized the boy by shoulders and lifted him up.
''You want someone else to hear you? You want them to kill you!? I saved your worthless life and you're yelling loud, stupid idiot!''
Bloodied boy did not say anything, he just cried, pointing to the dead mother. John threw the child on the ground, then approached the woman and began to push her by foot, but little boy crawled closer to John and then hit him. Having become angry, the vampire pushed him by hand; the child fell on his back. 
''Do not touch her!'' shouted the child, trying to get up on the naughty feet.
''Leave it and go!'' said John and then walked to the horse.
''This is my mom!'' shouted the little boy and embraced the still warm body.
Then John stopped, he turned and said:
''It's a corpse, she's dead!''
He approached the child and pushed him away from the dead woman, and then invited Argus. The beast pounced on the woman's body, but before he could grasp it by teeth he felt the light blows of the child. ''Do not touch!'' screamed the boy. The black wolf angrily bared his jaws, but John stopped him. He stared at the boy who hugged the dead woman and didn't want to leave her. ''Stupid human child'' he thought, not understanding it behavior. 
The vampire watched him for a long time; this kid was pale, he was very skinny, on his neck were visible much deep wounds, his dirty shirt was soaked with blood. 
The child put his head on the mother's belly and looked round on sides, trying to find the dead father, which was taken by Argus. The boy's hands shook strongly due to the fatigue, weakness filled his body. The vampire took from his pocket a green apple and threw it to the feet of the child. He looked at John and then carefully picked up the fruit.  With trembling hands the boy began to wipe tears from his cheeks, trying to calm down. He looked around; he had seen the wolf which lay in a puddle of blood, eating the mutilated corpse of the vampire. At this moment he finally realized that this stranger and the black wolf saved his life. 
John approached Demon. When John began to climb into the saddle he heard:
''And I?'' said the boy, barely getting to his feet.
''What you?!'' reluctantly asked John.
Limping, the child approached the horse and, naively looking into his eyes, said:
''Can I go with you?''
''What?!No!''
 ''Why?'' asked the boy and grabbed John's leg.
Then John kicked him in his stomach. Little kid fell on his back, writhing in pain. The vampire saw how the boy's eyes again had filled with tears, but in John's heart there was not any drop of pity for this little man. 
The boy rose to his feet and again began to ask for help; he knew that he will not be able to survive in the woods alone, and he knew that today or tomorrow he will be killed by vampires, or by animals that live in there. John had stared at the boy for a long time, but he didn't listen to him. He didn't want to lead this kid to the castle for the amusement of vampires. Listening to the child's plea, John regretted that had saved him; he had a wild desire to slit the child's throat.   
Looking at the golden hair of the boy, the vampire remembered the hill where he sat recently; there he had asked to show him a way - John glanced into the blue eyes of the child and could not believe that this a miserable creature is the answer to his request. Looking at this boy, he tried to find in it something special, that distinguishes it from other people, but the boy was a simple man without any exception. John looked at him; a rage and hatred were filling his body. 

***
Demon raced through the dark forest and across the wet ground, Argus followed them, catching up. The boy was sitting on the black horse; behind him was John, who had hugged him by left hand so he did not fall. 
John constantly looked back and on sides; for him it would be a shame if vampires saw them together. Having compressed his hand in fist, John tried to cope with hatred; to carry the human child next to itself was intolerable. John hated a human smell, but he was sitting behind the bloody child. Through the numerous bites on the boy's neck still was leaking blood. The boy wearily watched forward, hoping finally to appear under the sun's rays where nothing will threaten him, but the dark forest waited them for many kilometers ahead. 
John knew that he moving away from home on the very big distance, that is why his hatred for the human child grew with each second. In anger he beat the horse to speed it up. The farther they walked, the less there were trees. 
Soon they crossed a border. Having appeared on a place where there were only small bushes, John had abruptly stopped the stallion and dismounted. He went to the side by quick steps, away from the child. 
Having stopped, the vampire looked at the ground with the golden grass; he clenched fists with all force, so even the boy heard the sound of crackling bones - but he sat astride in twenty meters from it. Due to the fury John's eyes filled with yellow light, he glanced at the sun, trying to overcome the anger. The boy looked in his direction; he didn't know what was happening. 
The loud breathing of the horse became normal. Argus sat next to Demon and stared how it swallows air through the mouth. 
John still stood by back to them, regretting about his actions; because he had never helped people. Having turned back, the vampire looked at the child, who also had looked at him. His fists were still clenched. Finally John headed to the boy. 
After a few steps John pulled out from his belt a dagger and clenched it tight in his hand; he was going to kill the boy. The child saw the weapon in the hands of the vampire; he grabbed the reins and began kicking the horse, but Demon obediently stood, munching the grass. John approached closer and closer to him with the dagger in hand, his eyes blazed with fury. Then the boy tried to get off the high horse, but Argus was waiting for him on the ground; he bared his jaw and roared, not allowing the kid to dismount. Blue eyes of the boy were filled with fear. Finally John overtook him and thrust the blade.  
''When you'll become an adult, I'll do it without hesitation, right here,'' said John, pointing his finger to the boy's heart, and then he took out the knife from saddle. 
The vampire glanced at the bloody, frightened face of the boy, then climbed into the saddle and struck the horse, hoping to get rid of the boy and return home.

Chapter five.
THE WINGED BEAST.

Two large vampires walked through a dark corridor; they were dragging corpses across the dirty stone floor. The one who taller took two dead bodies, having grabbed their legs by both hands; the corpses had no hands and no heads - the black wolf had torn off this. Behind them, following the bloody trail walked a guy. He constantly twisted his head, considering the dim walls; it seemed he was there for the first time. On his brown and dirty shirt was a huge hole - he did it himself because he was very nervous. 
''Hurry up in there!'' ordered one of the vampires.
The guy accelerated a step when heard the hoarse voice of the vampire. 
They were descending lower and lower. Soon, having seen in front of him a portrait of Valafar on the door, the guy stopped and could not go further due to the fear. The door was opened by a high and large vampire; rattling by the iron on his feet, he stood up back against the wall and followed the guests by eyes.
They went into the stone hall; two vampire left corpses on the stone floor. The door slammed shut. The guy raised his head up, he saw a lot of images that were painted by blood on the ceiling; there were traces of legs, arms and a lot of incomprehensible lines. 
In the hall there was no one, except for them. They stood in silence, waiting for the King. The curious vampire approached the throne of the Ruler and began to examine it; he touched it with one finger. 
''Do not touch!'' screamed one of the vampires.
Then he approached the pool where there were people, dying slowly. The vampire closed his eyes and began to enjoy a smell of blood; he leaned down and dipped his finger in blood and then licked it.  But at the same moment he noticed a woman's eyes, which looked on the dark ceiling - he turned and looked there too. In the far dark corner he saw a huge shadow, which motionless was watching him. Due to the horror the vampire had frozen and could not budge. 
The shadow began to move. A huge beast began to descend from the ceiling, sinking claws into the wall. He was so big that covered by himself the half wall. The torches on the walls illuminated his body. The young guy began to tremble with fear - he saw Valafar in that guise for the first time. The head of beast had been directed downwards, it had huge sharp ears, by which he listened how his claws scratches the wall. His claws were so sharp that easily pierced the stone, leaving deep holes in the wall. On his back there were wings, their size was impossible to estimate as they were folded. 
The beast went down to the floor and stood up in front of the corpses. His hind legs were much longer than front; it had only three large fingers with thick and long claws. His forelimbs were like hands, but in a lot rougher with deadly claws. His body had a lot of differences from the usual body of Valafar; his skin was black, his jaw was twice as much, and his legs had been deformed. 
The vampires fell to their knees when saw the black monster. 
Valafar glanced at them by black eyes and began to change his shape to talk to them. He opened his mouth widely, whence could be seen four huge fangs; he began to growl, no animal could be compared to its roar. The vampires had covered their ears by hands. 
The King's skin had changed color - it became white, his limbs decreased. His ribs had torn his skin and got out from body on half; blood began to flow to the floor. His wings began to merge with his skin, entwining its body. Soon, when his protruding ribs had plunged back into the body and his wounds had healed, the King stood up in front of them naked. The vampires were still sitting on their knees and looked at the floor, not daring to look at the Ruler. 
Valafar silently approached his throne, where the coat was lying. On the floor there were traces from blood, which were left by his legs. On his massive back, like scars, were inscribed few lines, from there were appearing wings. 
Valafar put on his coat, which had covered all his body, and then discontentedly said:
''You interrupted my sleep,''
''I'm so sorry, my King, but we have news about your son,'' said one of the vampires, carefully rising to his feet.
Valafar approached the corpses and began to listen to the guests. 
''John is gone; don't know for how long,''
''I don't care; he can do what he wants and when he wants,''
''My King, he killed our brothers,''
Valafar in disbelief demanded a proof. Then the vampires pointed to the guy, who was still standing near the pool and did not dare to appear.
''Come here!'' shouted one of the vampires.
The young vampire headed toward them. Valafar closely followed his timid movements. 
The guy got round the King and stood up beside the brothers. He stared in horror at the huge pool of blood and the holes in the wall, which were left by the King. 
''Speak!'' ordered Valafar.
The young vampire looked into his terrifying eyes, and then began to tell what he saw by trembling voice. 
''I was in the stable, and then I heard screams. I have approached more close and have seen, how John has killed them,''
After these words Valafar approached him and, having seized him for the torn shirt, said:
''They were ripped to shreds!'' 
''This is his dog! He sicced his wolf on them,'' in a trembling voice muttered the vampire.
''So, they deserved it!'' shouted Valafar.
''He wanted to protect the human child,'' with trembling voice said the guy.
Valafar grabbed the vampire's throat and lifted him above to see it eyes.
''You're lying,'' said he.
''He's not lying, my King, we found the human corpses, there was a little girl that were supposed to go for the animal feed, possibly, John wanted to save them,'' said another.
 Without releasing the guy on the floor, Valafar still fiercely stared into his eyes. 
''I've been watching you, you put your hands where you should not,'' said he.
''I am so sorry,''
''I know,'' said the King, and then plunged his huge fangs into his neck. 
The young vampire began to shout. 
After drinking, Valafar threw the body on the floor beside the other corpses. He wiped the blood from his chin and headed the door. The rest of the vampires followed him by slow steps. 
Valafar went outside; he stood up near the corpse of the little girl and looked at her. Valafar remembered her and he remembered how John looked at her during their last meeting. The rays of the sun fell on his bare feet and face, burning his skin, but Valafar felt no pain due to a rage; he didn't try to hide in the shadow – his eyes were directed toward the forest, wherever John went. 

***
Argus eagerly drank water, sitting near a small clear lake; his green eyes reflected the yellow flowers that grew on the bottom of the lake. Near there was only one tree, beside which the boy sat. Demon wandered around the boy - he grazed. Suddenly a green apple fell on the child's head; he shuddered and looked up; there on top of the tree was John - he was tearing green apples. He threw them on the ground; when the bottom had about a dozen apples, John began to descend. 
The pale boy grabbed the apples in both hands and began eating them greedily, biting the fruits one by one. Having gone down on the ground, the vampire stood up beside the boy and looked into the distance. The child did not take his eyes off the vampire; having noticed this John sullenly glanced at him and then looked away. He walked away from the man; he sat down on the dry grass and took out the rag from his pocket, and then began to watch.
The child finished eating and wiped hands on his dirty pants. His round face slightly flushed. He put his hand up and began to examine the bruises which were left by the vampires. 
Argus still tried to catch rabbits, which smartly fled away, hiding from him in their burrows. 
After a short rest, the boy rose to his feet and looked in the direction where John sat; the child bent down and picked up an apple, and then headed to him. 
''I'm Edmund'' having approached, said the boy.
John immediately put the rag in his pocket.
''Who's there?'' asked Edmund, having noticed the portrait of a girl.
John did not say a word, but then the boy stepped closer to him and said again:
''I'm Edmund!''
''What?'' reluctant asked John, looking at the torn pants of the kid.
''My name is so,'' said he uncertainly.
''I'm not interested in your name,''
Then the boy handed him an apple.
''And…what’s your name?''  
John got angry, he hit the child on the arm; apple flew out of Ed's hand. The vampire stood up and grabbed the boy by the neck, then pushed him back away from himself. 
''How dare you ask my name, stupid and weak creature!'' shouted the vampire and walked away.
Edmund stood still and did not understand why he hates him. Ed looked at John; he was upset, seemingly, the child lost a desire to talk, but he again went after the vampire.
The vampire took off his dark cloak and put it on the horse's back, but then he drew attention to the boy, who started to approach him. John tucked his shirt in pants and then saddled the black horse. 
''Where are you going?'' Ed ran after him.
John stopped and said:
''Here is food, water...when you'll become stronger, go home,''
''I don't know where to go, I have no home anymore!'' exclaimed Edmund without hesitation.
"Find a new one!"
''No...Can I go with you?'' desperately asked Ed, and then walked over to the horse.
John dismounted and pulled the sword from the cover; he pressed it against the chest of Edmund - the child took a couple steps back. 
''I said go!'' said John and left a small cut on the boy's chest.
The vampire sheathed his sword, and then saddled the horse and began to move away.
In desperation the boy stood there and watched the vampire.
''When I'll become a vampire, I'll kill you!'' shouted Ed.
John turned back and saw the hateful eyes of the child, he grinned and then said:
''A vampire's bite doesn't turn you!''
''Why...I'll never be a vampire?'' 
''Never,'' said John. ''Doesn't matter how many times you've been bitten, you never will be a vampire,''
The boy stood silently and looked at John; the vampire also looked into his miserable eyes. Nearby on the ground there sat the black wolf; waiting for the owner, Argus wanted to go home as soon as possible, but John did not dare to go, he still stood and looked at the child, and then he directed his gaze to the bright sun, trying to see at least one sign. 
John was afraid to make a mistake, despite the hatred and desire to kill this little creature, he decided to stay. ''I'm going to regret this,'' he thought, coming back. 
''I am too glad that you stay,'' said Ed with joy.
''It would be better if you died,'' said the vampire.
The smile disappeared from the face of the child after his words.
John unfastened a saddle from the horse and threw it on the ground so the animal took a rest. Argus again rushed to the field to hunt rabbits. The vampire angrily glanced at the child. 
''Go to the lake and wash up!'' pointing to the water, ordered John. 
''Why should I?''
''From this stench I have a desire to kill you,'' rudely replied John.
The boy stood on the same place and didn't want to go anywhere. Not having endured, the vampire approached him and pushed him by hand. But the boy still stood motionless and looked into the yellow eyes of John. 
''I said go!'' shouted the vampire and then pushed him with force.
Edmund reluctantly headed to the water. John followed him. 
The boy sat down on knees near the lake; he took water in the palm and began to wash his face. The water near him turned red. When his face became pure, he glanced at John. 
''Get in the water!'' ordered he. 
''But it's cold!''
John immediately grabbed the boy; he approached the lake and tossed him into the water, then he returned to the shore. 
The boy emerged out from the water and began to ask for help. 
''I cannot swim!'' he cried, swallowing water.
John paid no attention to his cries; he just stood in silence and watched the little man who was trying to swim to shore, but the lake dragged him to the bottom. Argus came to the cries of the child; he began closely to watch him. Edmund struggled tried to stay afloat, hoping to feel the bottom by feet, but it was impossible because the lake was deep. Splashes of water flew in different directions; Ed swallowed the water, trying to grab some air to lungs. 
Finally, when his strength was gone and he started to drown, John walked into the lake and, seizing the kid by the arm, pulled ashore. Lying on the back and shivering from cold, the child coughed. Edmund turned over on side and looked after the vampire, who was walking to the apple tree along with the beast. He lay on the ground, he was cold and wet; he embraced itself by small hands, trying to be warmed in the sun. 
The bright red light illuminated the sky. The frightened rabbits fled to their holes due to the wolf, and the birds, performing their last dance in the sky, were getting ready for the long night. On the highest branch of the apple-tree there was John, he was watching the sunset. When the last ray disappeared over the horizon the vampire had turned his gaze on the wet boy, who was sitting not far from the tree; he pressed knees to himself and strongly shivered. John went down to the ground and sat down on his knees beside the sleeping beast, he took out the portrait of the girl. He stared at her face, do not understanding why. Having noticed the boy who walked slowly toward him, he hid the portrait. 
''I'm cold,'' said Ed by trembling voice.
John looked at the wet shirt and blue lips of the child, and then rose to his feet.
''I don't care,'' said John and walked away.
Then Edmund sat down on the place where John was sitting, hoping that the ground is still warm. Attentively having looked on the sleeping animal, he lay down on his side, bending legs to somehow keep warm, but the wind, the cold night and wet clothes didn't allowed him to feel the warmth. His teeth were knocking because of the cold, this sound woke the wolf; Argus moved away from the child. 
Ed lay with eyes closed; he didn't feel his feet anymore. He embraced himself for shoulders by hands and began to pray, that the wind abated a little. After a couple of hours he heard footsteps behind, but he didn't have any strength to open his eyes and to look back. In an instant he felt a blanket, which covered his cold body.  
Having covered the boy by cloak, John raised him and sat down near the apple-tree. He leaned back against the trunk and then planted the child on his lap and hugged him. His eyes lit up by yellow light, thereby his body's temperature increased significantly. 
He was different from other vampires; John was the warm-blooded, he could raise his body's temperature higher due to the solar energy that lived inside him. 
Soon a shiver left child and after a time he fell asleep. All night the eyes of the vampire glowed by bright flame, warming the boy. The yellow light fell on the cloth, from which John did not take his eyes, trying to finish the image of the girl. 
Having turned away from the light into the darkness, Argus sweetly slept. Flocks of bats flew in the sky in search of food and somewhere in the distance, where there starts again the dense forest, was possible to hear a howl of the gray wolves; exhausted by hunger and boredom, they were talking among themselves. Bright moonlight and dozens stars were reflected in the clear lake, and the yellow flowers, that grew at the bottom, opened their buds. Apple-tree threw leaves, which were covering the field like a blanket. 
To the morning the vampire's eyes began to dim, the temperature of his body decreased. John began to breathe heavily. 
Finally when it started to dawn, John awkwardly put the child on the ground and, hardly having risen on feet, walked away from the tree for a few steps. He fell to his knees and turned his gaze on the rising sun. He was shivering from the cold; trying to overcome the weakness, he waited for the sun's rays. Every second lasted an eternity for him. His skin turned pale. Argus went to the vampire and pressed his head to him - he knew what was going on with the owner. John touched the beast by cold hand and gritted his teeth. 
Finally a bright ray lit up his pale face; it began to penetrate into the dim eyes of John, filling them with light. John's heart began to beat faster, giving warmth to his cold body. His skin turned pink and his forces again began to return to him. 
After a long sleep Edmund finally woke up. He pulled off the warm cloak and, yawning, directed his attention to the vampire, who was still sitting in the same place. 
The boy touched the shirt to check up-clothes on him were dry. Having noticed, that on his feet there is no the holey shoes, he began to look round on sides, trying to find them. Edmund bypassed the tree and found the boot, but only one. He picked up the boot and went to look for another one. Having passed pair meters on the dry grass aside the lakes; the boy had seen the wolf, who playfully was throwing something upwards. Ed stopped, having realized that Argus plays with the second shoe. The boy shrugged and then headed back. He went to the apple-tree and picked up a couple of fruit from the ground, and then he sat down on the grass and began to eat breakfast. 
Soon John took his eyes from the sun and glanced on the child.
''Is it your sign?'' he said, talking to the sun. 
But from above there wasn't any answer, as always he heard only silence. The vampire stood up and headed to the boy. Having noticed that the child was barefoot, he asked what happened, and then Edmund pointed to the beast, which was playing with his boot nearby. 
John called Argus and took a boot; he gave back it to the boy and then headed to Demon. 
Argus was sitting beside the child and watched him; Ed discontentedly was looking at his torn shoes. He glanced at the wolf and then threw the boot aside; he took off another one and threw it also in there.
''You can have it all,'' disappointedly said he.
John mounted the horse to go. He turned around and called the boy. Edmund walked up to him.
''The sooner I can get rid of you, the faster I... Where is your shoes?'' 
''There,'' guiltily whispered the child, pointing a finger on the black wolf.
''Damn it!'' said John, seeing as the beast ran across the field with shoes.
''Argus!''
''I'm not going to wear them,'' immediately muttered the boy. ''He torn them,'' added he.
John looked at the child accusingly and then planted him in the saddle. 

***
Cavalry crowded near the open gate of Vedentor - there were about two dozen soldiers. No one entered to the city; they were waiting for someone. Far away in the woods somewhere in the middle of the trees were heard the neighing of horses - there was the rest of the squad; they stood there and cautiously were looking around. 
The children stood near the horses and examined the armor of the soldiers. Women, who stood near the well, understanding nothing, watched the soldiers from a distance. 
The dirty, tired and dissatisfied horsemen chased away all children from themselves, who tried touch their horses. Horses were nervous due to the heat, pining with thirst. It had been intolerable to be on the open district - the sun heated up the silver armor of the soldiers, sweat flew down on their faces, causing the men greedily to drink water from their flasks. 
In a light hall of the king were ten people, near them on the floor there were about thirty heads of vampires. Beside them in a large puddle of the blood there stood the king - he was scared, looking on the ugly heads of the vampires. Dolan stood next to him, trying to wipe a dried blood from hands. The rest of the soldiers stood near the door; they guarded it, through the frozen blood on their armor could be seen the fresh scratches. 
''They are more and more, sooner or later they will learn about our city,'' said Dolan.
Dalis looked at the commander and said nothing. He walked away from the bloodied heads and then froze.
''My king?''
''What do you suggest, Dolan?'' finally he said and sent a look at the wrinkled face of the commander.
The commander came up to Dalis, limping; he uttered in a whisper: 
''We have to leave the city, otherwise...''
''No!'' interrupted the king.  
''Otherwise all these people are doomed to death! The enemies are getting closer!'' 
''We have nowhere to go, Dolan,'' said Dalis.
Dolan realized that Dalis is right; he paused and took a couple steps back. 
''We are able to protect ourselves, we have the wall!'' said Dalis, trying to calm the commander.
Then Dolan again turned back to look at the ugly heads he brought.
''The walls will not be able to help us,'' hopelessly said he.
The king approached the man and put his hand on the commander’s shoulder.
''We will protect our home!''
''I've lost more than half of my soldiers in this morning! We had never met them so close to our city. We were lucky that we found them first. What if one of them managed to escape and now they're know about our city?'' 
''We will cope with these stupid creatures!'' said Dalis.
''With stupid creatures?'' Dolan repeated, glancing into the eyes of the king. ''But what about yellow-eyed? He's not stupid creature! What if John will come to us?'' added the commander.
Eye of the king filled with fear.
''No one saw him for a long time,''
''Two years,'' said Dolan?
''Two years! And you still think he's alive?'' indignantly repeated Dalis.
''I don't know, but from my side there is a loss still,'' uttered the commander.
''This is our home, Dolan! We are not leaving!'' said Dalis and went away.
After a couple of minutes the door of the hall opened; Dolan came out accompanied by soldiers. Not far from them there stood the horses, which were tied to columns. The soldiers and the commander saddled their horses and moved by step to the gate, making a way through the crowd of people. 
''So what?'' asked one of men who walked beside Dolan.
Desperately having looked at him, Dolan said:
''We stay,''
Soon they crossed the gate, where there was the rest part of the squad. 
''Let's go!'' ordered the commander.
Horses rushed off to the woods; children ran after them, laughing and trying to catch up. Soon fifty horsemen in silver armor disappeared behind the trees.

***
By the night the boy and John came to the river; this was the same place where John found the portrait of the girl. They stopped for the night. 
The vampire put down on the ground his warm coat in order to the boy had a place to sleep. The child did not lie down, despite of tiredness. He approached the river and, having sat down on his knees, began to drink water. 
This night was much colder than last one; John left the child and went to the forest. 
Being alone with the darkness and terrible sounds of howling animals somewhere nearby, Edmund hid behind a tree. He desperately looked on sides, fearing squirrels which jumped from branch to branch. 
''Hey! Where are you?!'' sometimes shouted the boy, trying to call John.
Nobody responded on his voice, only the black horse, which grazed nearby, turned its ear in his side. 
The wolves howling became louder; it seemed they go towards to their prey. Somewhere in the darkness, in the middle of the forest was heard the crackling of branches; the child's heart began to beat faster in fear. Water in the river violently made a noise, not allowing to determining exactly from which side coming the sound. 
''Hey! Is that you?!'' with trembling voice said Ed, not daring to look out from behind the tree.
The sound of the crackling branches had stopped, as if someone stopped somewhere in the woods.
''Is that you?'' with shake in the voice asked Edmund, looking out a little bit in the direction from where was heard the sound.
Then after his words someone continued to make noise there, but now it was moving in his direction. Frozen with fear, Edmund listened; faster and louder the branches cracked under someone's legs. The boy's heart was beating louder. Someone walked briskly towards him. Closer and closer.
''Who is that?'' he asked again.
Not hearing any response, Edmund hid behind a tree; he was ready to flee at any moment. Suddenly the noise stopped. He did not understand why. He was afraid to look, but he knew that someone was standing behind him silently. 
''John? Answer me,'' whispered the child.
But there was no answer. He heard only a breath, but not his own. Finally, gain strength, he slowly looked out from behind the tree. He saw the dark trees and no one else. 
''Why are you sitting there, stupid little man?!'' 
The boy got scared and jumped in place due to the fear. He looked at John who came with a big pile of branches in his hands.
''Why you were silent?'' asked Edmund.
John sullenly looked at the boy and said nothing.
Having no fear, Edmund looked in the direction from which a sound was heard, but there were nothing. He realized that there was John.
''Why do you need it?'' asked Ed the vampire, who put dry branches on the ground.
Angrily having looked at the child, he answered:
''I don't want to risk my life anymore because of you,''
Then the boy fell silent and sat down away from him with bowed head. John lit a fire. He sat on his knees, staring into open flame; his eyes acquired a bright yellow color. 
''Wow!'' Edmund jumped up. 
The vampire did not pay any attention to him; he dumped the branches in a pile and started to blow so the fire became higher. 
''How did you do that?'' said Ed and then sat down on his knees near John.
''Step back and shut your mouth, stupid creature!'' 
Then Edmund moved away from the fire and after a few seconds again began to speak. 
''I also want to have such eyes. I'm going to kill all the vampires then!''
John drew attention to the boy. He stared into his glowing with joy eyes and listened to him talk about how he would have killed all vampires in the whole world, if he had the same eyes as John. He told about that he would be a hero and all people of the planet would love him. Ed waved his arms to the side, simulating, as though he is waving a sword and launches arrows. He pulled out a burning twig from the fire and began to draw fiery lines in the air, imagining, that he is fighting the vampires who killed his parents. Fiery embers fell on his golden hair, turning them to ash. Ed patted himself on hair and continued to wave by burning stick, not paying attention to the burned hairs. In an instant he directed the stick to the side of the vampire - to his heart. 
''You'll be defeated by hand of the hero, vampire!'' playfully said the boy.
John glared at him and then grabbed the flaming stick by bare hand; he pulled it out of the child's hand. The vampire stood up and swung at the child. Edmund was frightened; he bent to the ground, covering his face with hands. On his palms there were wounds and splinters from the stick. 
''Do not ever do that again!'' shouted John and went to the river.
He stopped near the river and began to peer at the dark water which flowed by.
Edmund motionless sat beside the bonfire and sadly watched the fire. Unable to stand he turned to the vampire.
''If I had such eyes as you ...'' he said at last.
''Shut up!'' shouted John, having interrupted him.
Edmund turned back to the fire, hugging his knees by hands. 
''I wouldn't have killed you, despite the fact that you're evil,''
John silently watched the flow of water; soon he turned to Edmund who was sitting around the campfire by back to him. 
''Why?'' asked he.
''What?'' the boy turned around.
Vampire reluctantly took a step toward the child. 
''Why you would not kill me? I'm also a vampire,'' he said through his teeth.
Then the child turned back to the fire and said:
''Because you're my friend,''
John was confused; he didn't know what to say. Standing behind, he gazed at the human child and the bonfire by turn. He came closer and sat down in front of the child and then, looking at the child's bowed head, said:
''We are not friends,''
''Friends,'' without raising his head said Edmund.
''Don't ever call me that! You're miserable creature!'' angrily shouted vampire.
The boy raised head and looked into his angry eyes, but said nothing. He got up and headed to a blanket, which was on the cold ground. 
John watched him until he fell asleep. The night became colder and the wind stronger. The vampire still sat beside the campfire on his knees and watched the dying flame, listening to faint snores of the child. 
Everywhere were heard the sounds of the night. Eyes of rabbits glowed in the darkness nearby; they stood on their hind legs and looked out for an enemy. 
Demon was terrified of barking and howling wolves; from fear he raised his head all the time, listening to the animals. 
John turned around; it seemed to him that he heard a noise behind. He rose to his feet and, making sure that the boy is asleep, headed into the woods. 
John walked towards to sounds with a sword in his hand, through the dark trees. Something in the darkness was approaching him with high speed, constantly changing direction, as though someone wants to catch him in an ambush. Soon there appeared a low silhouette - that was a beast. John rushed to it, hoping to kill it, but soon the beast stopped. The vampire also stopped. The beast with roar rushed on John; he knocked the vampire on his back and began to lick his face. 
''Hey Argus, get off!'' joyfully said John. 
 The black wolf walked away from John and rushed off somewhere. He stopped, grabbed something by teeth, and then began to drag something to the vampire. John noticed a big carcass of a deer. John praised the beast and then headed back.
Soon they returned to the remains of the fire. Argus threw the deer on the ground and ran to the sleeping horse; he woke him up by his grunt. John went over to the nearest tree and began to cut branches by a knife in order to re-build a fire. Argus grabbed the reins and began to pull the horse to the different sides. 
''Hey, do not touch!'' John frightened off the wolf from Demon.
John made a fire. Argus brought the cloak to John and began to jump around it.
''Give it to me!'' John said and took the thing.
He put his cloak on the ground and proceeded to blow the fire, increasing the flames, but then he looked at his thing, which was lying beside him; he stopped. On this cloak the child should sleep. The vampire picked up the cloak and headed to the child in order to cover him. 
''Do not understand...,'' whispered he, seeing the empty place where the child was supposed to be.
He began to look around, having thrown the cloak on the ground. 
''Hey, little man!'' called he.
No response was received. 
''If you are afraid of the noise, come out, all right!’’ he shouted, thinking that he is hiding.
But in response he once again received silence. 
''Stupid asshole,'' he muttered and approached the horse, who didn't take his eyes off the wolf.
John quickly saddled the horse. 
''Argus!'' he commanded and pointed to the cloak, which still had the smell of the child. 
The beast immediately attacked the cloak and soon rushed into the forest. John rushed after him. 
John heard nothing; he had no idea what had happened to the child, he thought that the boy escaped. John beat the horse so that the animal raced faster to keep up with the wolf. Argus was ahead of them by tens of meters. The vampire lagged behind due to the obstacles; Demon slowed his pace, stumbling over the roots of trees in the darkness. 
Soon the beast disappeared from sight then the vampire stopped his horse and began spinning in place, looking for the animal. Suddenly he heard a call of Argus from the darkness; John struck the horse and rushed to him. The beast stood under the starry sky and howled; noticing the owner, it rushed further. 
Making the way through the dark thicket, John saw four silhouettes. The wolf followed directly to them; soon he caught up with them. The four red-eyed vampires held the boy by hands. Having seen Argus, they tried to escape, but the wolf bared his jaw and began to circle around them, not allowing them to make a single step. Three of them started waving their swords, trying to wound the beast. 
John stopped his horse and jumped off to the ground, and then headed toward them.
''Let him go!'' he ordered.
The four high and large vampires, dressed in iron chain armors, stared at John. 
''Your beast, right?'' said one of them hoarsely.
The enemy clung to each other, fearing the predator. Their faces were covered with mud, and their stench was noticeable from a distance. 
''Argus stop!'' ordered John. 
Wolf stopped circling around the strangers and stepped away; he obediently sat down on the cold ground. Suddenly one of the strangers made a whistle. 
''What's so funny?'' John asked, seeing their happy faces and smiles, through which it was possible to make out theirs dirty fangs that grew crookedly.
Then they turned their heads to the side; John also looked in the same direction. In the distance he heard a noise that was coming closer. Out of the darkness there appeared two animals. Argus, baring jaws, slowly began to retreat to owner; he pursed his tail and nestled to John. 
Two black wolfs, which seemed larger than Argus, began to surround them. The vampires, feeling their superiority, began to speak. 
''We've been watching him,'' said one of them, pointing on Edmund.
The boy dutifully stood in a grip of the vampire who held him; he looked at John and waited for help, but John seemed didn't even thought to do something. 
Three of them bared their swords and then approached John. Argus in fear trampled the ground, watching the wolves which walked around.  
''Where you came from?'' warily asked John.
''From nowhere, these forests - our home,'' said one of them, viewing him from head to toe.
For another few minutes they stood in silence, looking at each other's eyes. Soon one of them noticed a sword in John's belt - the vampire took the weapon and threw it aside. 
''You're the same as we are! Give us the boy, we are hungry,''
John stood in silence and stared into frightened eyes of Edmund. Argus stronger clung to John, fearing the large predators. 
''You're smart; you carry it with you,'' said one of the vampires, pointing at Ed. ''We saw the marks on his neck, you feed him to sustain his life, and then you drink the blood,''
John remained silent; he was staring at theirs ugly and pale faces. Suddenly one of them put a sword against the chest of John. 
''Why are you so calm?'' he said to the victim.
''I'm thinking...how to kill you all,'' answered John.
Then those laughed out. The laughter abruptly subsided, the stranger, who had directed the sword to the chest of John, smiled and then removed the weapon. 
''I like you!'' said he.
''We'll take the boy, your horse, and then you can go,'' said another one.
''Do not touch the horse!'' objected John.
''I'll decide!'' interrupted the vampire, looking into his yellow eyes. ''Well, okay, you can keep the horse... as I said - I like you,''
The enemies removed weapons and then headed further. John stood in silence and was watching the enemies, which were walking deep into the forest. The boy begged for help in hands of the vampires, but John knew the risk; they took his sword, they have two large wolves, which can seriously injure Argus or kill him. He didn't want to risk own life and the life of his wolf for the human child. 
The farther they were walking off, the quieter was heard weeping and pleading of Edmund. 

***
''Calm down!'' the vampires were laughing.
The boy's hands were tied by rope. Dirty and smelly man pulled the rope so the child walked faster, while others were pushing him in back. From time to time the vampires chased away predators from the boy; the animals tried to bite his bare feet because they were hungry. 
"We're first!" 
Edmund walked silently, trembling with fear. He looked in sides, thinking to escape, but escape was impossible; he immediately will be caught by fast predators. The vampires beat him on his back. Blood was trickling down his legs; rabid animals gnawed his legs, leaving deep wounds. All the time he was looking back with hope that John will come for him. He hoped to see him out there somewhere in the dark forest, but through the thick trees he could see nothing. 
One of the vampires hit the child on his face with all force. 
''Do not look back! Just go!'' shouted he. 
The blow was strong; the boy fell on his knees. Blood started to flow from his nose. The vampires raised the boy on his feet and began to wipe the blood; they were licking fingers, enjoying the sweet taste. Soon unable to restrain himself one of them grabbed the child's hair and leaned his head back to have access to his neck. 
''Come on!'' gleefully spoke others. 
Tears began to flow down the boy's cheeks. 
Suddenly from the darkness came a plaintive yelp. Not having to bite the boy, the vampires turned their eyes to the side - there three beasts clashed into a deadly battle. The big clod of predators was rolling on the cold ground in different directions, breaking thin trunks of trees. Pieces of their wool covered the ground. The sharp teeth and claws of wolves were digging into each other, causing severe injuries. 
The vampires were distracted by them, Edmund crawled back from them; he saw Argus who fell on his back to the ground, trying to repel the attacks of two large wolves. Their teeth dug into the body of Argus; they were tearing his skin, leaving a lot of deep wounds. 
Behind the fighting wolves the boy saw a rider, who appeared out of the darkness - it was John; he raced with great speed towards the enemies. The vampires bared their swords, preparing for battle. 
John reached predators and jumped from the racing horse; he crashed into a back of one of the beasts, having dragged it along the ground. Argus got one enemy - a fair fight had started between the wolves. 
John was lying on his back, firmly holding the beast. The large wolf pressed him to the ground, not letting him to move. Its sharp claws dug into the vampire's chest causing deep cuts; John began to scream in pain. He caught the animal's body between his legs in order not to be bitten. John grabbed his huge head and began to pull it up. Drool and blood of predator dripped on John's face, and it claws were sinking deeper and deeper into his chest. The animal furiously was growling while his head was rising higher and higher. Soon there was a click in the neck of the black wolf after what it fell silent. The huge carcass remained lying on John's body. He threw the corpse of animal aside and then rose to his feet. 
''How did he...,'' the enemies were stunned; they looked on the stranger with fear, who was going to kill them.
John was approaching the vampires by wide steps; his eyes glowed by yellow flame, illuminating all around. Blood was spurting out of his deep wounds on his body, but he felt no pain and no fear; he kept going confidently, having nothing in hands.
The enemies began to attack, but yellow light blinded them and began to scorch them therefore they could not injure the foe.
John threw the first enemy on the ground and with all strength struck a blow on it head by foot, smashing it skull against the ground, at the same moment he felt a stabbing blow in his shoulder; a sword of an enemy pierced through his body.  John quickly grabbed the blade by hand, not letting the vampire to pull it out. The enemy tried to get the weapon back, but John pushed him away by strong blow. The enemies huddled together and were ready to lay down their weapons, having understood that the stranger is too strong.  
John was killing them with such hatred that felt no pain, no wounds that were left by opponents. Edmund watched him; his eyes were filled with horror. Limbs were falling on the cold ground, blood didn't have time to seep into the soil, forming huge puddles. His sword pierced the bodies of enemies, cutting them to pieces. 
John didn't kill the last vampire by iron weapon. At first John broke it legs; the vampire fell in a pool of blood and began to beg for mercy. Then John grabbed it chain armor, raised him and then plunged his fangs into his neck. John greedily was sucking the blood from the still living enemy; with every sip the wounds on his body were healing - there were only scars. 
Soon he threw aside the corpse of the vampire. He wiped the blood from his chin and fixed his gaze on Edmund, who was sitting on the ground and did not dare to approach. Yellow-eyed vampire headed to the horse. Argus, limping, followed him. John saddled the horse and took the reins - he was ready to go. 
Not wanting to stay, the boy ran to him, passing the bodies and stepping on puddles of blood. 
''Wait!'' shouted he.
On the way he noticed the sword of John, which was stolen by strangers. Having picked it up from the ground, Edmund intended to give the weapon to owner. He gave the sword into the vampire hands, and then raised his bound hands up to John in order to be lifted on the horse, but John just looked at him. 
After a long silence he handed the bloody hand to the child and planted him in the saddle. All the way to the river they walked in silence.

John sat near a heap of twigs, trying to light a fire. Finally when there was a small fire John began carefully to blow into the flames. He called the boy and asked him to keep eyes on the fire. 
While Edmund was watching the fire, John went to the water. He took off his torn shirt and threw it on the ground. His whole body was covered by blood. The vampire entered the river and began to wash the blood off, coloring water by red. 
Argus approached the boy and sat down near the fire to keep warm; Edmund closely watched the predator, he was afraid that at any moment Argus can kill him. In some places the animal had no fur, and on his leg there was a wound that was bleeding badly. The beast was moving slowly toward the boy; soon he put his big head on the child's knees. Edmund froze from fear. He closely followed the movements of the animal, but Argus closed his eyes and fell asleep. Realizing that there is nothing to be afraid, Ed put his little hand on his bloody fur and began to gently stroke it. 
John came out of the water; from deep cuts on his chest there were only barely visible scars. He went to the deer carcass, taking a knife with himself. The vampire began to cut the meat; he planted it on thick branches and put on the ground. Soon he put the meat into the fire; he sat down next to the child and began to examine the wounded paw of beast. 
''He's bleeding,'' said Edmund, pointing on the wound. 
The beast moaned piteously when John touched it.
''Hold him just like this,'' he said to the child.
Edmund pressed his head against the ground with both hands and began to keep it with all forces. The vampire picked up near the river his torn shirt and dipped it in water, and then he began to wash the wound.
Argus howled in pain, trying to get up. He lay beside the warm fire, looking into the eyes of the frightened boy, who was ready at any moment to jump away from the dangerous predator, but the beast didn't show any aggression; he was lying quiet and endured the pain, knowing that they are trying to save his life. 
Soon John finished washing the wound, but blood all the same was leaving the wolf's body, then John decided to cauterize the wound with a hot iron; the beast was roaring loudly, trying to escape. Wolves which howled in the wood at this moment fell in silent due to the horrible cry of Argus. 

***
John and Edmund were sitting around the campfire; they enjoyed roasted meat. Argus was sleeping nearby. Edmund ate the last piece of meat and then began to staring at the vampire.  
''What?!'' noticing his glance, asked John. 
''You're a vampire. Vampires drink blood, not eat fried meat,'' replied the boy. 
John took a bite of the last piece of venison from a branch and began to chew, staring at Edmund.
''So what?'' he said indignantly.
''But...''
''I'm a little different from my brothers,'' he interrupted the boy. 
Then the boy thought. 
''You are special huh?'' 
John grinned. 
''No, I'm not special! Just another,''
It piercing gaze and questions confused him; John pointed on food and had ordered to eat in silence. 
''I don't want,'' said Edmund and then handed to John his branch with meat. 
But John refused, though he was not full. Then the boy put venison next to the vampire and headed to the beast. Making sure that Argus asleep, he lay down beside him; he snuggled up to his huge back to keep warm. 
John was watching the boy until he fell asleep, then he picked up meat and began to eat.

Edmund was awakened by singing of birds which quickly and gently were stealing small bones from under the black wolf's nose. Argus was chasing them away from his food and greedily was swallowing the huge chunks of meat in order to the little thieves got nothing. But the cunning birds were quicker than Argus; while he was chasing away some birds, the others stole all the bones and then shared among themselves. Edmund was laughing, watching the animals. 
Soon he threw off a blanket and went to the river. At the river the boy saw the vampire who, on seeing him, put a rag in pocket of his pants. They silently exchanged glances. Having sat down on knees beside the water, the boy began to drink. 
John picked up his coat and put it on. He approached Demon. 
''Moving out!'' he ordered. 
Edmund slowly headed toward the vampire. Argus ran up to the boy and began playfully to bite his pants; the child quickened his steps, avoiding the predator, but Argus threw Edmund on the ground, grabbed his leg slightly and then began to yank it. 
''Argus, get off of him!'' shouted John.
The beast guiltily looked at master; he released the leg of the child and then stepped aside, a little limping.  
Edmund rubbed his bare foot and stood up. He came up to John, avoiding the predator, who attentively stared at him. John grabbed him under his arms and put him on the horse. 
The vampire took the reins and led the horse to the river. He went into the water up to his knees and began to pull the horse; Demon strongly resisted. Edmund raised his feet so as not to wet them. John was in water up to shoulders. Argus was afraid; he stood on the shore and looked on the water, not daring to make any step inside it. 
Soon they were on another shore. The beast still was on the opposite side; John called him. The wolf overcame the fear and then plunged into the water and swam to the owner. 
John saddled his horse and they moved further by step, in order to the lame wolf did not lag behind. 
All around was the forest, it seemed endless. Sometimes they found themselves under the bright rays of the sun, in places where trees grew less. 
After the long way Edmund finally had asked John:
''Why are we going this way?''
''At last time I saw a lot of traces of people which led into the river, I know that somewhere out there is their city,'' said John.
The boy fell in silent. He looked at the animal; Argus walked beside the horse and occasionally glanced at Ed. 
''When we'll meet a first random man, then I can get rid of you once and for ever,'' said John.
''And what if he is bad?'' after thinking asked Edmund.
''Then I will be happy to see how he's gonna kill you!''! 
Not stopping for a second they went forward, overcoming all more distance. After tens of kilometers away John stopped the horse at the request of the boy. He inspected the area. Edmund got off the horse and headed away.
''Hurry up!'' shouted the vampire.
The boy nodded and headed for the trees that surrounded them. Argus lay down on the cold ground to rest. John closely followed the child who soon disappeared from his sight behind the trees.  
''Don't go too far!'' John shouted, hoping that he will hear.
''Okay!'' came the voice of Edmund from afar.
While waiting for the boy, the vampire stood there and stroked the horse's long mane. 
Edmund finished and headed back. He was crossing the dry branches that lay on the ground. The earth was so cold; he wanted to be in a saddle as quickly as possible, because he was barefoot. Suddenly he stumbled against a tree root that was spread on the ground. Edmund got up and began to brush the dirt from his pants. Suddenly he heard a rustling behind; the boy turned around, but saw nothing. He continued to brush the dirt. 
''Where are you?!'' angrily shouted John.
''I'm coming already!'' the boy replied.
He quickly took a step forward and again heard a rustle behind. Then Ed warily looked around, but saw no one - he turned his gaze forward; in front of him, without giving a pass, was standing a gray wolf. The boy froze with fear. 
The wolf closely stared at the frightened child. He calmly stood in the same place, it seemed, he did not want to attack. Edmund hesitantly took a step forward, the wolf remained standing, closely watching him. The boy again made a step, but the animal wasn't aggressive, so then the child went forward confidently, but at the same moment behind him there came a howl. Edmund turned around and saw a pack of wolves which crept up quietly. Angry and hungry animals slowly started to approach the prey, baring their jaws. 
Argus jumped on his paws, his fur stood on end. John bared his sword and headed towards the noise.  
The grey wolf, which was seen the first, had cut off the boy's way forward. The predator lured the prey to others, baring his jaw. Edmund could only go back, but there were more wolves. 
Suddenly there was a plaintive yelp - John's sword pierced through the gray beast; it passed a couple of steps with the sword in chest and then fell dead. Pack of wolves become angry even more. 
The vampire stopped his horse next to the boy; he dismounted and approached the dead animal and then pulled out his sword. Edmund hid behind John. The animals, seeing a huge black wolf, began to howl even louder. They were looking only at Argus; he bared his jaw and didn't dare to join the battle. Suddenly he growled with all strength - the wolves fell silent. All animals directed their gaze at Argus. After a short moment the wolves turned tails and one after another rushed away. John grinned and removed the weapon. Edmund, peering out from behind the vampire, watched the escaping wolves.  
''They are afraid of Black, even a flock of grey wolves cannot cope with one of them,'' said John.
''Good boy, Argus,'' happily looking at the beast, said the boy.  
Then Argus proudly headed to him. But when the black wolf had left his seat, Edmund directed his gaze into the darkness of the thicket. John climbed into a saddle and then held out his hand to the child.
''What are you looking at?'' he asked.
''They were frightened not of Argus,'' whispered Edmund. 
''What?'' 
''The wolves ran away not because of Argus,'' repeated the boy.
Then John looked back to where Ed stared - there was a beast; he was standing ten feet away from them on his hind legs. Having lifted a nose up, he was sniffing their scent that wafted to him by wind. The beast was like a bear, but he was bigger about six times. Through his shabby black wool could be seen stuck broken spears, also on his huge head there was no an ear. 
''Black demon! I didn't know that they're living here,'' said John, because in honor of this rare predator he named his horse.
''What should we do right now?''
''From this beast better run!''
The vampire grabbed Edmund's hand, planted him in a saddle and then immediately hit the horse. The horse rushed from a place, having thrown upwards a piece of the crude ground by hoofs. Huge bear got down on all fours and gave a loud roar; his pupils dilated causing his eyes acquired a completely black color. The beast ran for a prey. 
John was beating the horse with all his strength, but it speed wasn't enough to hide from sight of the huge animal. The bear approached closer, his broad hind legs were pushing his body on many meters ahead. 
''He's catching up!'' shouted Edmund.   
Having looked back, the vampire had seen a decrease in the distance between them. Argus lagged behind them. To not admit death of the wolf, John had ordered to it to run in other side. Argus disappeared behind trees. The furious animal had allowed him to go; in fact it spotted a larger prey. 
Birds were flying apart on their way. The stallion was slowing down due to the fallen trees and roots, which grew on the earth. The bear was demolishing everything in his path; the shrubs and small trunks of young trees. John knew that they would not be able to get away from Black Demon in the forest, but he had seen a gleam of light in the distance, it meant - there is a border.  
Vampire constantly looked back to know the distance that separated them.
''Come on!'' John shouted, urging the horse.
But the beast crept so close; its long and sharp claws scratched a hip of horse, trying to tumble down it on the ground. The horse roared of pain. The vampire bared his sword and was ready to meet with dangerous predator face to face. The bear joined to the right side of the stallion; by huge mouth he tried to grab John's leg, but the vampire cut the forehead of predator by sharp sword. The beast roared and slowed down; it lost by ten meters and was behind. Blood trickled down into his eyes; he could no longer see them due to the blood, so he began to pursue them by smell and sound. 
The distance again began to decrease, but there was a border. Black wolf kept running close, but so that the bear did not see him. 
Soon the horse crossed the border of the forest and rushed quickly through a green field. Then John realized a mistake; the horse was moving quickly through the field without obstacles, but the black beast's speed had increased at many times, and until a next border of the forest was several kilometers. 
''I'll throw you to the ground and then you have to flee with all forces aside,'' said the vampire.
''Why?!'' with trembling voice asked the boy.
''I shall try to kill it,''
John knew it was the only way. The angered bear once again caught up with them, a big trail of blood had stretched behind him on the ground. His loud roar echoed through the big field for many kilometers around. 
The vampire kept looking back; he studied the beast. He noticed part of a spear which firmly rooted inside the body of the animal near its heart. John was going to snatch the spear; thus the spear shall break off it flesh and then he can get access to an important organ - heart. 
When between them were no more than five meters, the vampire grabbed the child under his arms and was ready to throw him on the ground, a little slowing down the horse. But accidentally having fixed his gaze to the side, he noticed a cleft that divided the field into two parts for many kilometers in length. Then John didn't begin to throw the boy.  
''Argus, follow me!'' shouted John.
The exhausted wolf followed after them. Having approached closer to the rift, the vampire realized how wide it is. On the ground there were a lot of small cracks and pits near the cleft, the horse's hooves were sinking into them. 
''There is cleft, cleft! We can't pass!'' shouted Edmund.
But John became to beat the horse harder; from lack of air Demon began to wheeze and breathing through his mouth.
Finally, having reached the cleft, John with all his might hit the horse, but the horse started to slow down due to the fear of height. Having prepared for falling, Edmund closed his eyes. John struck the horse one last time with full force. 
Having appeared on edge, the animal pushed off against the ground by hooves and had soared over the cleft. To cross the width of five meters, the horse had no enough speed. John grabbed the reins and jumped forward to the ground when the animal barely touched the opposite edge. 
The vampire rolled forward across the ground. The horse hit it chest against the edge. Clambering by front hooves which were on the ground, the stallion tried to climb up, but his heavy backside began to pull him into the abyss. The reins that were in John's hands were pulling him back to the cleft with the falling horse. Edmund clung in the horse's mane and began to ask for help, looking down. 
The vampire stood up and began to pull the horse on himself, trying to pull it out on a hard surface. He approached Demon, grabbed him by the bridle, and with all power began to pull him. Seeing the approaching beasts, he grabbed the horse's neck and finally pulled it out. John's eyes filled with bright yellow light. The lame horse lay down on the ground to rest. The vampire bared his sword.
''Come on Argus!'' shouted John.  
The bear was clawing up the wolf behind, inflicting to him deep cuts. Argus jumped up over the cleft, but the Black Demon rushed after him. John had prepared to cut off his head. 
Argus dug his claws into the edge; he began to slide down, scratching the ground. The vampire managed to grab his fur, but the bear also had clung near them; it began to climb up. Then, having a sword in hand, John had pierced it mouth; the predator screamed of pain, but he was still trying to climb. The vampire plunged the sword deeper, thrusting his hand inside the mouth of the animal to elbow. Huge teeth of the bear had pierced the John's hand, inflicting deep wounds; the vampire howled in pain. By one hand he kept the wolf, and the other hand was into jaws of the furious beast. John tried to pull Argus on the ground, but he was twitching; John's legs began to slide to the edge. 
''Come on!'' shouted the vampire, trying to raise the wolf.
Suddenly Edmund approached the vampire and, taking from his belt a dagger, slit the bear's neck, then crawled to the side. The bear loosened his grip and fell down. 
John pulled Argus out and lay on his back to rest. Edmund walked to the edge and looked down; there, in a middle of bones of deceased animals, was the bear; he was laying there, bleeding to death. John came up to the child. They stood silently and waited until the poor animal will make his last breath. 
The beast filled his lungs with air for the last time and, sighing, closed his black eyes. Sadness had filled Edmund's heart; he looked down at his bloody hands and began to cry.
''He's almost killed us!'' John was surprised.
Then the boy looked into the vampire's eyes and began to wipe his tears with his hands. John put his hand on his shoulder and said:
''Your first murder, congratulations,''
Edmund abruptly walked away from him.
''What's the matter?''
''I'm not a murderer!''
The vampire smiled.
''You are,''
John went to Demon, who shifted from foot to foot due to the pain.
''It's all because of you, you could not kill it so I had to!'' shouted the boy after the vampire.
John stopped. He clenched in anger his hand into a fist and then, unable to stand, headed to the child. Edmund, fearing the vampire, began to move backwards. John approached the child and pushed him in chest; Edmund fell on his back. The vampire stood beside him, his eyes filled by bright yellow color of anger that burned inside him. John was thinking about something. Soon he grabbed the child under his arms and carried him to the edge. 
''You're right, it's all because of me, if you were dead this wouldn't have happened!'' he said, staying with him on the edge; he was ready to push the child to the dead bear.  
The boy, firmly grasping the vampire by hands, began to apologize. Then John threw him on the ground and went to the horse. He examined it wounds and then climbed into a saddle and headed away. 
Edmund got to his feet and sent his gaze to John, who went further from him. In desperation the boy ran to him. The vampire was leading the horse by step; anger overwhelmed him, but he was waiting when the human child catch up with him. 
Edmund caught up with John; he tried to climb on the horse, but the vampire didn't let him. Many miles the little boy walked by bare feet. When they came to another border of the forest, John lifted him on the horse and then they again rushed through the dark forest.

Chapter six.
THE GIRL WITH RED HAIR.

The sun hid behind the horizon, coloring the sky by beautiful red-pink color. Alas, John wasn't able to see the sunset, because they were still in the midst of the dark forest. The horse was lame; it was heavy to bear on itself the two horsemen, but despite of it, the vampire all the same remained in a saddle, in fact in case of danger they should to flee quickly once again. 
Edmund never spoke with John; all the way they walked in silence, listening to a rustle and crackle of broken branches under the horse's hooves. 
John slowed the horse - he heard something. On his face there was hope, joy lit up his heart. The vampire changed direction and, having struck the horse, had rushed off somewhere. Ed didn't understand what was going on, but also didn't want to ask John about, because he didn't wish to speak to him. 
Having overcome a small distance, the vampire stopped; he was watching someone in the distance. They were on another border of the forest, where in front of them stretched a very small field, dotted with small shrubs. 
John dismounted and took a few steps towards the field. His clear eyes saw a man who was standing nearby; the man was collecting berries from the land into a small bag. The vampire watched him and looked at the sides; the stranger was wearing silver armor - it's meant that nearby should be other soldiers. 
Having made sure that everything is all right, John approached the boy and had removed him from horse. John pointed to the man. Edmund became happy. 
''Go!'' said John and moved briskly to the horse.
The boy looked at the vampire; smile on his face disappeared. He stood in place and hesitated to go to the stranger. 
''You're not going with me?'' he asked.
John was surprised.
''I said go!''
Ed lowered his head, turned away and then headed to the man, but soon he stopped again and naively looked at John, who was still standing on the same place and watched him also. They stared at each other in silence.
''Thank you,'' said the boy.
The vampire didn't say anything, he just pointed aside in order to he finally left. Then Edmund headed toward the field by slow step, jumping over branches so as not to injure his bare feet. Argus also looked at the child and quietly whined. 
''Hey!'' suddenly said the vampire.
Edmund immediately turned around.
"Goodbye," through his teeth and reluctantly said John.
The child nodded and went on. 
''Edmund!''
''You remember my name?'' said Ed.
''Yes...'' he replied. ''My name is John. Do not get caught in my eyes in future, otherwise I'll kill you,'' he added.
''Thank you, John,'' said the child.
He confidently headed to the stranger, on his face there was a smile, it seemed he was happy, but in his eyes could be seen a sadness, because he was attached to John. 
John looked long after him, watching his every move. He violently hated this boy, but deep in his heart was different. 
Edmund was walking closer to the soldier, who did not notice him. Bypassing the bushes and plants, the boy walked faster. 
''Hi!'' he said at last.
Then the soldier noticed him. He picked up the bag of collected black berry and fixed his gaze on Edmund. 
John watched them, staying in same place; he had hoped, that the man will accept the homeless kid. He was looking at the boy and the warrior by turn. From a distance John had seen the man walking towards Edmund; at that moment the vampire looked closer to the stranger's face. He froze, his eyes widened, now he didn't take his eyes from him. He dismounted and, keeping eyes, headed toward them. He stopped near a last tree of the border; he could not believe his eyes. There was walking not a male towards the boy - it was a girl. Her hair under a helmet had a red color, and her eyes had a sky-blue color. 
John nervously pulled a rag out of his pocket and looked at the portrait and then at the girl. He recognized her - it was she who was depicted in this portrait, the vampire was sure about it. Not losing the rag from his hands, he stood and looked only at her; he seemed petrified. His clear eyes saw her eyes, lips and small nose. On her back in a brown cover there was a bow with arrows inside. She walked over to the boy and began to question him about something. Sadness appeared on her face when the child began to talk to her without stopping.  
John really wanted to go to her and find out her name, but he knew that he only frighten her. Argus approached the owner and began to bite his leg, demanding to move to home, but John did not seem to notice anything around except her. The vampire's eyes shimmered by bright yellow light and his heart filled with fire, for the first time he was in confusion. 
John saw, how the girl gave the boy her boots which were big for him. She pulled from her bag a handful of black berries and put them in palm of the hungry child. Edmund quickly ate them and asked for another, then, the girl gave him the whole bag. Soon she turned around and then, taking the boy's hand, headed somewhere. The vampire quickly saddled the horse and went after them by slow step, but after a few meters he stopped. 
The girl walked toward a warrior who came out of the wood. It was followed by another, and then another dozen. The men started to consider the child who still ate berries, putting them inside both cheeks. They asked him about something; he was answering indistinctly, berries were falling out of his mouth. The soldiers were smiling, patting his blond hair. Soon one of them brought horses from behind trees. The girl tried to raise Edmund on a horse, but due to the slim build she couldn't, then one of the men helped her. She sat up behind Edmund and began waiting the others. Soon the little squad began to move away. 
John waited until they disappear behind the trees, and then followed them. 

*** 
Till the late night the vampire pursued the people, keeping a distance. Soon they led him to a city. John stopped in a middle of trees; he watched how the little squad was moving to a gate through a dark field. He accompanied them with his eyes until they disappeared in Vedentor. The vampire stood there, examining the high walls that protected the city. For the first time he found the house where all this time people were hiding. Previously John would probably headed home to tell the others, but now he wanted that the location of Vedentor remained secret, at least for a couple of days.
 The vampire watched the soldiers that were on the walls; they examined the area. He counted up their quantity and distance on which they were from each other. Suddenly he was distracted by a noise. Far away was heard a sound of hoofs. He looked at the gates; they began to open. Not far away from him in the forest there appeared a squad which quickly rushed to the gate. Hundred riders raced through the night field. The vampire counted the riders. When the last four horsemen with torches disappeared behind the walls, from the South there appeared another squad of warriors, but there were much more riders. 
Now John knew the number of his enemies. These two squad - the whole army that people had. He was amazed how much soldiers they have; in fact, the couple of hundred soldiers it's nothing in comparison with thousandth army of vampires. This little town John could capture alone; he could easily pass the guarded walls and kill all the dozing guards. 

***
At dawn in Vedentor again revived life. Most of residents of the city were still asleep, only children of all ages ran around little houses and called each other on street. Some of them ran right out of the gate, and the other, imagining themselves warriors, fought among themselves by wooden sticks in the narrow streets, preventing a passage of adults. 
Behind the walls, waiting for commanders, there stood two groups. Sleepy soldiers drove away the boys which raised their hands toward the horses in order to feed them by fresh grass. 
Dolan was walking through a street of the city; he nervously was pushing away curious children. Beside him there were several soldiers; they led Edmund to somewhere, holding his hand. He was looking on sides and on the boys who wanted to get to know him. He didn’t wear these ragged and dirty clothes as before; the boy was washed, he was dressed in a clean shirt and pants which were big for his skinny legs. Boots on his feet were shabby, but Edmund was glad even for this. 
''What's wrong with his neck?'' were talking among themselves the children.
Soon the soldiers brought the boy to a door of the royal hall. Resting his feet, the child feared to go inside. Three men remained near the door outside, and rest of them, along with Dolan, entered the hall. 
With frightened eyes Edmund began to consider a large room where not far from him, sitting at an empty dining table, there were several men. With them there sat Dalis; when he saw the child he stood up. The other three men stood up after the king.
''Is it he?'' asked Dalis.
''Yes,'' said Dolan.
He led Edmund over to the table and then made a few steps away from the boy and stopped. One of the men a little younger than Dolan moved out from behind the table and headed to Edmund. His face seemed grumpy due to his big black eyebrows which were frowning all the time. 
The tall and big man carelessly tilted the boy's head aside and looked at bites on his neck. Edmund was scared; he didn’t know what they want from him. The man, who was standing near the child, went back to the table, rattling by armor. He sat down on a wooden stool and, grimly having looked at the boy, started to ask questions:
''These bites were left by him? How did you escape from him?’’ 
''From who?'' by trembling voice asked Edmund. 
Then the man pounded the table in a fit of anger so that the boy winced.
''Do not frighten the child, Nestor!'' said Dolan.
Nestor got up from the table and walked over to Dolan. He was taller than the commander. 
''It's your fault! You said he's dead and now it turns out that John is alive!'' shouted he.
''Enough!'' ordered the king.
Nestor maliciously looked at the boy and headed to the table. He sat down and clutched his head by calloused hands, trying to calm down.
''Is your name Edmund, right?'' asked Dalis.
Edmund nodded and directed his gaze at the king, who seemed the kindest person in the hall. Dalis approached the child and squatted down to see his frightened eyes. 
''This is a great feat that you escaped from Yellow-Eyed,'' he said, putting his hand on shoulder of the child. ''That's for sure was John?'' he added.
The boy looked at Nestor and Dolan, and then said:
''Yes, he told me his name,''
''Well,'' said the king and then stood up.
''These bites on your neck were left by him?!'' asked Nestor from the table.
''No! He didn't do that, John saved me!''
''Impossible!'' shouted Nestor.
''I've already explained why you don't believe me!'' 
''Because John is a murderer, and you're lying to us!'' shouted Nestor.
Suddenly the door was opened by red-haired girl.
''What's going on here! You can't do that, you frighten him!'' said she.
Her red hair was loose, instead of armor she was wearing a blue long dress. She approached the boy, took his hand and headed back toward the door.
''Anna, we're not done yet!'' Dolan screamed and went after her.
Then she turned around and looked at him.
''He has already told everything, what else you want from him?'' said she.
Heart of Edmund calmed down; he trusted this girl and was very happy to see her again. He felt safe with Anna; even Nestor didn't frighten him at this moment.
Nestor was angry because of her action; he grabbed the sword hilt, stood up from the table and then went to her.
''I've always said that you, woman, has no place in our ranks, and now you're...,''
''Sit down, Nestor!'' interrupted Dolan.
Nestor stopped a few steps from the girl and, turning to the commander, looked at him fiercely. Dolan was ready to subdue the angry commander, but Nestor, noting the intention of the older companion, grinned. 
Anna hid Ed behind her back, trying to protect him. Nestor took his hand off the weapon and then approached Dolan.
‘’Look at my face!’’ he said, pointing on one his eye which had a gray color. ‘’Take a look at your hand, look at you! Look at us, how we live! This boy is our guide to John; we need to end with John once and for all!’’
Dolan froze; he looked at rough face of his comrade and at his blind eye. 
Almost agreeing with him, Dolan ordered the girl to leave. Anna headed for the door. 
''And what about your wife?! He killed her!'' said Nestor to Dolan.
Then Dolan got angry. He pulled a dagger from his belt and put it against chest of the commander. The king got up; he ordered to Dolan to calm down, but the commander did not listen to him. Nestor put his hands up, admitting his mistake.
''Remember who your enemy is,'' he said.
Dolan looked at comrade in his eyes and took off the weapon. His face had reddened with shame; he did not understand what's gotten into him.
''I wasn’t supposed to talk about your wife, I'm sorry!'' said Nestor.
Dolan looked at Anna; she was standing near the door, not daring to come out.
''You're right, we need to end him. The boy said he brought him to Anna, I'm sure the bastard had followed them and now he knows about our city,'' said Dolan.
The king came from the table and walked over to the two commanders for request.
''You should unite your squads to find and kill him!''
Both commanders nodded, giving their consent. They headed to the door, where there were Anna and the boy. 
Edmund wanted to quickly leave this room, but he stood quietly beside the girl, fearing to move away from her even for a step. 
The commanders walked out the door, Anna went out after them. Nestor and the rest of the soldiers saddled their horses which were tied to a stake. Dolan approached the girl and said:
''Is everything okay? I'm sorry for that,''
Anna said nothing, she only nodded. Then the man glanced at Edmund, who was staring at his ugly hand. Noticing this, Dolan hid his hand behind his back, and then the boy had looked into his eyes. At the same moment the commander passed a hand through the golden hair of the child and then he headed to other soldiers, which were waiting for him, standing nearby. He saddled a grey horse and at last time looked at the girl and kid.
''Take care of yourself,'' said Anna.
''Very soon we will bring head of John!'' loudly said Nestor, addressing Anna.
''I hope so,'' said she.
Soon the soldiers headed to gate, making the way through city dwellers, which were retreating to aside on their way.
Ed with simplification stared after them, not wanting to see and hear them anymore. Anna still was holding his hand. When the soldiers disappeared behind small houses, the girl took Edmund somewhere. She was walking very quickly, not wanting to explain to people from where this kid. 
All people knew each other in person; the city population wasn't so great. Tired women looked at the boy from head to toe; they yelled at kids which were trying to touch him for the sake of interest. They shouted because they had seen his wounds on his neck and they did not allow children to communicate with the strange kid. 
Soon Anna brought the boy to a small shed; there was smell of food. Beside a large table there stood a skinny woman, beside her there hung three boilers over a fire - there was hot porridge. The skinny woman fed people. 
A lot of people lined up near her; they wanted to eat. They stood with wooden bowls in hands and waited for their turn. The woman knew each inhabitant in face and spoke to them by name. She put only one serving of the porridge on person. Women, having received meal, went to their houses and called children to have breakfast. 
The porridge was cooked one time in day that meant that people ate only in morning. 
When the turn came to Anna, the woman filled her bowl. They moved away from the table and sat down on a nearby stump. Anna gave the food to Edmund; he had noticed that in the porridge there was a lot of water, they had to drink it. After a few sips he grimaced and handed the bowl back to the girl.
''Is there anything else?'' he asked.
Anna shook her head, saying no, and again had offered food to the boy, but he refused. Then she drank the rest. 
''You get used to it," she said
''What about berries that I ate yesterday? Maybe we could go there again to collect them?'' asked Ed.
''There is nothing, I collected all that was,''
The boy began to think, he was still hungry as the rest of the residents of this city. Food was not enough, all the people were skinny and miserable, only children didn't realize all the trouble; they smiled and had fun every single day, not seeing tears of mothers who tried to hide their grief in their little houses. Edmund remembered about apple tree where he was with John, but he didn't know the road, moreover, it was very far. His eyes filled with hope; if he were there again he could collect as much apples as he could carry. But soon Edmund's eyes filled with sadness. He was sitting in the middle of a busy street, catching glances of women and children, who, passing by, were turning back to take another look at his neck. Edmund raised his hand to his neck and had touched his wounds. He remembered about John. Edmund missed about it bravery and amazing eyes. He didn't want to think that he will never see him again. 
Watching the curious people, Edmund knew that here he is a stranger. His heart was filled with anxiety and despair, it was torn out. Tears streamed down his cheeks.
''What's wrong?'' Anna asked, trying to calm the boy.
But Ed didn't hear her, he stood up; his eyes were directed at someone. A woman, at who he was staring, quickened her pace, noticing the strange behavior of the boy. Due to the tears the image of people was fuzzy, that's why it seemed to him that he saw his mother. He knew that it wasn't her, but he could not calm until the woman completely disappeared from his gaze. 
Anna hugged him and pressed his head against her chest, trying to calm him down.
''Please, don't cut off John's head,'' finally he said, wiping his tears against her dress. The girl didn't say a word; she still continued to calm him down. ''Don't do that,'' repeated he. 
Children crowded around them, silently watching a stranger.
''Why are you crying?'' said one of the boys; he was the same age as Edmund.
Ed paid attention to the dark-haired boy. He silently had looked at the other two which were standing nearby. Having wiped tears by hand, he said:
''Nothing,''
The boys glanced at Anna; she lightly pushed Edmund to the guys.
''Go,'' she said.
Edmund hesitantly stood up. He gingerly walked up to them and, fussing on the spot, didn't found any courage to look to someone in eye. Slim, dark-haired boy held out his hand.
''I'm Arn,'' he said. 
''Ned, Sandr,'' the others introduced themselves.
Anna smiled, watching as the guys got to talking with stranger. He was still shy and hesitant. They asked him where he came from and why there is bite marks on his neck. On their belts there hung wooden sticks which they perceived as a real weapon. Edmund curiously examined it. Soon he left with the guys. 
Anna stood up and walked over to the skinny woman; she brought a wooden bowl back to her, and then thanked her for a breakfast. 

***
''What is in there?'' asked Ed, noticing boxes that were on every corner.
Arn moved closer to show to the new friend what is inside. Ned and Sandr together opened one of the boxes. Edmund saw a lot of weapons inside; there were arrows, knives, swords and not much armor. He held out his hand to one of the swords and, seizing it by hilt, lifted up. His hands barely kept this heavy weapon; Arn helped him to pick it up.
''Heavy,'' said Ed, glancing at Arn.
The boy nodded. They both held the weapon, looking at edge of the sword; there were reflected their happy faces. 
''Hey!'' came a male voice.
The boys dropped the sword from surprise; they glanced at soldier, who was heading toward them.
''Come here!'' shouted he.
Edmund took a step forward, looking by frightened eyes on the man.
''What are you doing? Come on!'' striking him on shoulder, shouted one of the boys.
Three boys rushed off with all forces. Without thinking, Edmund ran after them. The warrior rushed in pursuit, hoping to punish the children. The guys were very quick and agile, so Edmund left behind. When they were out of his sight, the boy lost his head. Constantly looking back, he was running with all his strength, bumping into weary passers-by; they were shouting after him, wagging by fingers. The enraged soldier was running after him and shouted for him to stop. 
The boy constantly was running between houses, hoping to hide behind them. Forces began to leave him, he felt a furious knock of his heart, which seemed about to jump out of his chest. Due to the sharp movements he lost one shoe, but he continued to run, feeling the cold ground by bare feet. Exhausted from the fatigue, Edmund slowed down, at the same moment he immediately felt a hand of the soldier behind. 
The angry soldiers grabbed his t-shirt and pulled him on itself; he was sure that the little thief is caught. Women in gray dresses stopped to see what is happening. They were whispering among themselves, trying to find out what the child has done. One of them put a bucket with water on the ground and then picked up a small stone; she threw it in the soldier.
''Leave him alone!'' screamed she.
''How dare you!'' said the man and, having grabbed Edmund stronger by shirt, headed to her.
The woman backed away, fearing the large warrior. The frightened boy began to resist with all his strength, trying to free himself from the grip. He glanced into the brown eyes of the woman, hoping that she would protect him, but there was fear in her face. Then Edmund bit the soldier's finger, made a strong tug and then got off from the grip.  
''Little bastard!'' he cried out in pain.
The man left the woman alone and then rushed after the boy.
Ed entered into one of houses, he began to look for a place where he could hide, but in the dark small room there wasn't even a bed to hide under it. An old man who lived there was surprised by the unexpected appearance of a little guest. The frightened child stared at him, not knowing what to say. 
Ed examined the thin old man and the empty room; instead of a bed on the floor was a bed of hay. He jumped out of an empty window and fell on the ground. The old man went to the window and looked at the lying child. Behind him he heard a noise.
''Get away!'' the warrior pushed the old man away from the window.
Looking out the window, he saw to where the child ran; the boy rushed along the wall to the gate.
Making his way through the crowd, Edmund approached the gate and ran out of the city. People were turning back, and soldiers which were on the wall didn't pay any attention to the child.
''Catch him, don't let him get away!'' shouted the man who tried to catch Edmund.
The soldiers, drawing attention to him, began to look out for the boy - he ran towards the forest. Then one of the soldiers saddled a horse and headed for the child - he caught up with him and stopped him.
The young man dismounted and took the boy's hand; he began to calm him down in order to he did not try to escape. The foe was approaching closer and closer, Edmund hid behind the young warrior, fearing the angry man. 
''What's wrong, Glen?'' asked the young man.
''Thief!'' replied he by trembling voice from a lack of air.
The warrior looked at the boy and then smiled. Glen grabbed Edmund by his neck, threw him on the ground, and then went up to him and struck the boy in his face by huge hand.
''You know what we're doing with people like you?!'' shouted he. 
He picked up the child and, holding his arm, led him into the city. 
Soon he led him to stables where there were only three mares, the man brought the boy to the house which was near; he pushed him inside on the dirty floor. The man closed the wooden door and left. When the enemy's steps completely ceased, Edmund rose from the floor and had groped in the darkness a wall; he pressed his back against the wall. In the darkness he heard a neighing of horses from a stable. On the wet floor somewhere in a corner was heard a rattle - a rat was scratching the floor, trying to find something edible. From a street was heard a laughter and joyful shouting of playing children. Edmund with all his heart hated all these people and this city. Wiping blood from his nose with his palm, he thought about how to escape somewhere away from all this bustle. He wasn't concerned about a danger that waited him beyond the walls. Bloody drops and tears fell on the damp floor. Having picked up his legs to himself, Edmund buried his face into his knees, waiting for his release. 
After sunset, when behind the door was quiet, he realized that no one will come. He fell on his side and firmly hugged himself in order to ride out the cold night; he closed his eyes, fearing the darkness that had surrounded him in that room. He was afraid of a noise; it seemed to him that the big rat approaches him.
The night was long; a chill enveloped the boy from top to toe, not letting him to fall asleep. Edmund constantly tossed and turned all night; noises haunted him. Shivering, the boy was knocking on the floor, hoping to scare the annoying animal. 
	
***

''Dawn,'' thought Edmund, lying in the pitch darkness. 
Behind the door there came a sound of galloping horses and grumbling of sleepy soldiers, who had gathered to go again to bypass the borders. Soon he heard approaching steps, then the boy stood up; he raised his frozen bare leg and was ready to run away. 
The door opened, a bright light blinded him; he began to squint and closed his eyes. On the doorstep there stood three silhouettes, the boy couldn't identify them due to the sunlight that blinded his tear-stained eyes. 
Soon he recognized them; there stood Dolan, Anna and Glen, who guiltily was looking at the child. The girl went inside and squatted down; she began to examine the dried blood on the boy's face.
''Are you okay?'' asked she, and then took his arm. They left the house. 
Coming out, she looked at Glen by judgmental gaze. He guiltily lowered his head. Dolan glared at Edmund.
''I lost time because of you!'' he said acidly.
The boy didn't dare say anything or even look at him. He went after Anna, who was holding his hand. The commander stared accusingly at the kid until he was not hid behind the houses. He silently handed a key to Glen and then went to a stables; he saddled his horse and rushed away from the city. Behind the gate there stood his squad; having seen the commander, the horsemen rushed towards the woods.
Anna brought Edmund to her room; her house was no different from the rest. In the corner of the room, on the wooden floor, was a small bed with white sheet. The room was light due to the empty windows. Edmund looked out the window and saw a high wall that surrounded the city. Anna crept up to him from behind and covered him by warm blanket so that he warmed up. 
He walked over the room; the floor creaked badly. He sat on the bed and began to inspect the room; in front of him there stood a small table on which there were stacked armor, above it on a nail there hung a bow and arrows. Having looked at Anna, the boy watched as she is taking water in a jug from a wooden barrel that was standing near the door in corner. The girl went to the child and, having dipped a small cloth in water, become gently to wipe his face to wash away the dried blood. He watched her red hair, which was plaited in a long braid. He saw sadness in her blue eyes. Tear rolled down her cheek; she immediately wiped it by her thin fingers. She set the jug aside and then took off one shoe from the boy's feet. She put him to bed.
''You have to rest,'' - she said, lay down near the wall and then hugged him to warm up him.
Very soon the boy fell asleep. After lying a couple of hours with him, Anna got up, quietly opened the door and went outside. She headed to a stables; she went inside and went to one of three mares that were there. Having stroked the horse's neck, she put a saddle in the animal's back and led it out of the stables - she ran out of the gate. Warriors were asking her where she went, but Anna didn’t listen to them; she rushed into a distance. 
Moving away from Vedentor for many kilometers, she stopped the horse - further they went by step. She was looking around to find any fruit tree or berries. This trip was dangerous; according to the rules of Vedentor she cannot go so far from the city alone, especially without weapon, but Anna was hoping to bring some berries to Edmund to once again see smile on his face. 
After wandering for a few hours, she headed back empty handed and with sadness. She looked around; noises from behind the trees were chasing her. The horse began to neigh nervously; the animal didn’t listen to her and did not want to go further.
''What's wrong?'' stroking the mare's mane, asked Anna.
Anna stepped to the ground and began to calm the animal, holding the horse's head. Hearing noises ahead, Anna froze. The girl began to look out for the enemy, but due to the dark trees she saw nothing. Fearing, she saddled the horse again and ran away, passing over bushes and fallen trees. 
After overcoming a few meters, she stopped abruptly. She dismounted and began to look around; she bent down and picked up three green apples that lay on the ground. She began to look up, inspecting the trees, but there were not any apple trees. Suddenly from afar she heard a neighing of another horse, then Anna quickly saddled her horse and rushed away. 
She arrived to Vedentor, put her horse in a stall and then headed to home. Near the house she saw two playing children; she called them and gave them two apples, the last one she brought in house and put it on the table.
Edmund was still sleeping. Approaching him, Anna passed a hand through his hair and then went outside. On a box of weapons there were sitting those kids, they happily were eating apples; having noticed Anna, they waved at her; the girl smiled and went further. 

***
The boy overslept all day and half of night. Having opened his eyes in the middle of night and silences, he felt someone's hand on himself - it was Anna who slept near, hugging the child. A big woolen blanket protected them from the night cold and the wind that blew from the window. 
Edmund gently took off the girl's hand away and got out of the bed, he was surprised when he noticed his shoes near the bed, because one his shoe was lost. His shoes were neatly sewn up. 
He changed clothes and headed for the exit. The boards on the floor creaked; Edmund constantly looked back to the girl, hoping she would not wake up due to the noise. Having stopped near the door, he noticed an apple which lay on a wooden table; his surprise there was no limit, taking the fruit in hand, he began to examine it. He remembered that the same apple he ate from the apple-tree on the lake. Having looked at Anna, the child didn't understand what is happening and where it came from. Edmund put the apple back and left the room, leaving the door open because it was creaking badly.   
The child looked around and walked down a narrow street, avoiding the soldiers, which were on the wall and wandered among the houses. The night seemed to him pleasant, in spite of the chill that covered his body. Peace and quiet prevailed in the city at this time, Edmund carelessly walked through the streets, looking at the dirty houses, which were shrouded by bright moonlight. He looked inside windows, where there people slept. He wasn't afraid of anything or anyone, his curiosity was boundless. 
Having noticed a box with weapon, the boy had looked around, he was going to open it again; he pushed back the lid and began to rummage inside. Under heavy arrows and swords he noticed a sharp dagger, which was light compared to other weapons. Taking it out of the box, Edmund began carefully to examine the discovery; the bright moonlight was reflecting in the knife's blade, a dagger hilt had a red color. Suddenly he heard a noise nearby, the thief immediately closed the box and ran to a house and hid behind it. He looked out behind the corner and saw a man who approached the box and began to look around. Edmund ran quickly in the other direction, fearing to be caught, because in his hands he was holding that dagger. 
Being near a large house, the child stopped. This house was a royal, but it also had been smeared by mud as the rest of the houses. Edmund remembered this place, because there inside he was questioned about a vampire. He quietly approached the entrance, hoping to get inside and find something edible, but the door was closed. He stood there for a few seconds and then went away. 
Over the cold ground there were running hungry rats, they were so arrogant that when they had seen someone they even didn't flee in their burrows; the boy had to bypass the brazen rodents. Finally Ed found the place where every morning the woman fed people; he headed to the boilers, believing that there must be some oat. But this place was spacious; if in narrow streets he could hide behind houses so here was nowhere to hide - only under the wooden table through which he easily could be seen by people. 
On the table there were lying randomly wooden bowls, some of them were on the ground; the rats were digging in them, licking the remnants of porridge. Moving by slow steps toward the table, the boy was looking around, avoiding soldiers and the infectious rats that walked under his feet. 
He put the knife on the dirty table and looked inside the boilers - there were nothing, then, taking his weapon back, the child went on a walk through the quiet town. 
He went into one of the houses where on the floor there were sleeping three children and a woman, from head to toe wrapped by a big blanket. Ed slipped past them and approached the window from which he could see a closed gate and a pack of warriors. Some of them slept, leaning back against the gate and the wall. Warriors were covering their eyes with hands due to the lunar glow. Some soldiers stood on the wall and watched the horizon; they were stamping their feet to not fall asleep. In the silence could be heard the male snoring; the warriors allegedly kept watch, lying on the cold ground with eyes closed. On the left side from the gate there was a large stable, from there was heard a neighing and trampling of horses. 
Suddenly Edmund heard footsteps behind. Turning, he saw a man standing at the doorstep, who watched him angrily. The boy was frightened and could not move, seeing the heavy look of the warrior. "Gotcha," he thought, and was ready at any moment to jump out of the window. 
''Come back to bed!'' ordered he by a low voice.
Edmund was speechless and was still in a stupor, then the soldier repeated his words and began to wait when the boy will execute the order. Then Ed realized that he accepted him for a tenant of this house. The child hid a dagger behind his back and then went to the people which were sleeping soundly. He started to creep up to the bed on tiptoe, staring into the eyes of angry man. Pushing back the blanket, he gently lay down on edge of the bed and covered himself by blanket, worrying that the owners of the house can wake up. He closed his eyes, listening the loud breathing of the children and the soldier, who still stood in the doorway and didn't want to leave. 
After standing for a few more minutes, the man began to move away, then the boy gently pushed away a blanket and headed for exit. Having looked out in the street and making sure that there is no one, he quickly ran away. ''Anna going to kill me,'' he thought, trying to find a way to home.
For a long time, wandering through the streets, the child couldn't find a way back to Anna, because all the houses were similar to each other; Edmund easily got lost among them. He was looking into all the windows and doors, hoping to see there sleeping Anna, but she wasn't there. 
Soon the boy again decided to return to the gate. He returned again to the house where he was noticed by a soldier; he began to remember that Anna's house is located near the wall and this meant that he only needs to go along it to get home. Glancing on a horse stable, Edmund thought it would be safest moving there, as the soldiers who were on the wall will not see him. 
He quietly slipped past the men; he opened the wooden door to the stable and entered. The animals didn't pay any attention to him; most of them slept and the rest were chewing hay. 
From inside the horse stable looked even bigger than the outside. In front of him Edmund saw the endlessly long hallway, where he heard a noisy breath of the three hundred horses, different breeds and sizes. The air was warm, not surprising, because the large animals heated the air with their breath and bodies. Each horse was tied behind the wooden pole, buried in the ground. The boy could not get enough; he paid attention to each horse. The calm horses allowed him to stroke them and pat on the back. His eyes were running in different directions, he didn't know which one of them is more beautiful and majestic; white, red and black horses were there, and each of them had its own peculiarity. But no horse, as he believed, could not match with Black Demon. 
Suddenly the child stopped at the exit, fearing, he began to move backwards, noticing two people near the door. In the stable was dark, so he didn't notice that those people were asleep. 
He looked at them. There, leaning against the wall, were sitting a man and a woman, they put their heads to each other's shoulders and slept. The boy conquered his fear and decided to quietly pass by. Watching the sleeping couple, Edmund quickly slipped toward the door. They didn't notice the little guest; their eyes were still closed. Grabbing the door handle, the child was ready to leave, but his eyes fell on the man; he was sure that it was the same warrior named Glen who locked him in a room not so long ago. ‘Why he is here and who is this woman?’ he thought, not daring to approach. ‘They have no home?’ Edmund asked himself. Due to the curiosity, he cautiously began to approach them, fearing to wake them up. The closer he got, the more distinctly he had seen their pale faces. Edmund's gaze fell on their hands that were lying on the floor and were stained with blood. Ed stretched the dagger in front of himself, staggered backwards and fell on the floor, his eyes widened of horror. This pair slept a dead sleep, it was Glen and his wife; their bellies were ripped open from throat to navel. On their lap, in bloody puddle, were laying theirs own guts. 
Edmund leaned against the opposite wall, in panic looking at them. Jumping to his feet, he quickly ran away, because people might think him a murderer due to the dagger that he had in his hand. 
Edmund came to Anna's house; he went inside and closed the creaking door, then, approaching the window, he began to look around. 
He threw the dagger into a barrel of water. He sat down on the floor and leaned against the bed; he hugged his knees and began softly crying. 

Waking up at dawn, Anna saw Edmund who was sleeping on the floor near the bed. The girl began to lift the child from the cold floor, then in response she heard words that the boy kept saying, ‘It is not me, not me!’ he repeated. 
''Hey, calm down, what's the matter with you?'' asked Anna.
She saw how the child was scared, but she did not understand what was happening. Edmund, trembling with fear, tried to tell to her what he saw. 
After listening to him Anna went outside and saw a crowd of people near a horse stable. Four men carried the bloody corpses; they were in a hurry to get rid of them, in order to children didn't see this horror, because they were still sleeping. 
‘’How could this happen?’’ were talking the residents without understanding. In the middle of the crowd began panic, the people started talking and complaining that the high walls do not protecting them anymore. 
Dalis stood in the middle of the crowd that surrounded him. He listened to the persistent questions of women, but he could not find any answers. He nervously was biting his nails on his hands, hiding behind the commanders of squads - behind Dolan and Nestor.
Trying to pacify the people, the king was talking about something, but it was impossible to calm the residents. When the bodies had been carried out of the city in order to bury them somewhere in the woods, Dolan and Nestor finally made a silence.
''We don't know who did it!'' said one of the commanders.
''Everyone knows...vampires!'' came a voice from the crowd.
Residents again began to make noise; a terrible sense of panic overtook them. An old woman, clutching her heart, fell to the ground, whispering that it's over and everyone is doomed. Slim girls in shabby grey dresses rushed to her side and, holding her poor hand, began to calm her down. 
Young men began to lead out horses from the stable by turns for the next bypass, people saw them and became angry; they aggressively demanded from the king that one squad stayed in the city. But Dalis, listening to the irate crowd, couldn't answer; his eyes were directed at the commanders, hoping that they will stand up for him and will answer all the questions of frightened women. 
Dolan and Nestor didn't think to explain anything; they were waiting from the king any action. Finally, unable to bear all this fuss, Nestor shook the residents in sides and went through the gate. He saddled horse and ordered to his soldiers to follow him. Soon the riders had disappeared behind the dense trees. 
Seeing the tears of the women who asked for help and consolation, Dolan began to speak. The inhabitants of Vedentor took him into account. 
''I promise you that the killer will be found! No creature is able to climb over our protected wall,''
''At night climbed!'' said one of the crowd.
Then, wiping a sweat from his forehead by hand, the commander said:
''There is no evidence that it was a vampire! There is no bite marks on their neck, the murderer must be in the city!''
People began to talk among themselves, trying to figure out who it could be. Dolan long and hard watched them, waiting for more questions, but they seemed to have completely forgotten about him and Dalis, discussing a killer. 
Anna stood behind all this turmoil and looked at the soldiers, who were trampling the ground, fearing a reprimand from the commander; they were scared, because exactly they were carrying the night watch. Walking around the streets at night they had to notice something, but no one knows except Edmund that in the last night the soldiers slept soundly. 
Using the moment, the king went to his house, leaving Dolan alone with the crowd. The commander raised his hand and asked for silence.
''Go to work as before! I promise that at night the guards will be doubled,'' said the commander and, limping, went to the gate. 
Dolan saddled a horse, glanced at Anna and then went out from the city. He pointed towards the forest; the horsemen which crowded from the outside, rushed up there.
Desperate women went about their business. Most of them, exhausted from hunger, were crowding by a long line near cooking oats. Lifting bowls from the ground and sensing a pleasant smell of food, they persistently waited for a breakfast. 
Waiting for the departure of soldiers from a stable door, Anna went inside; she looked at the place where the dry hay was full of blood. She went further. Nearby there were three horses tied on poles; having approached one of them, she began to talk to the animals and calm it down, patting the mare on the back. Ed crept up to her; seizing her hand, he began to ask her about what the king had said, then the girl reassured him and gave him to understand that he is not to blame.
After coming home the girl took out a dagger of the water barrel that was stolen by Edmund; she handed it to the boy. Glancing anxiously into her eyes, he didn't think to take the knife back, then she calmed him, promising not to tell anyone about their little secret. Without hesitation the child took a green apple, cut it into two equal parts and then handed one to Anna. Anna refused but despite of this the boy managed to persuade her to eat the sweet fruit in half. Soon she sat down on the floor and began to look for something under a wooden table.
''What about the woman who was with Glen, who is she?'' asked casually the boy, licking apple juice from his hands.
''His wife,'' said Anna and took out from under the table two big buckets.
Edmund thought. Glancing on a bit shabby blue dress of Anna, he began to interrogate her again.
''And they had children?''
''Yes, they have three daughters,'' warily having looked at him, she answered and then went outside.
Edmund followed her, having no idea where she was going. 
The smell of cooked oats engulfed the entire city; children of all ages began to wake up. The sleepy and still hungry children, who came across on the way of Anna, were greeting her, bringing joy to her by theirs happy smiles. Many women, like Anna, also came out of the gates with large buckets; without waiting for breakfast; they were going to the well which was not far from Vedentor. 
The soldiers, who were standing on the wall, watched them; there were their wives and daughters, they followed the horizon to protect the women from sudden enemies that could to descend from the forest. 
Moderate breeze came from South; Anna half-raised her old blue dress and braided her hair in plait. When they reached the well, she got the clean water, lifted the heavy buckets and headed back to Vedentor, like the other women that were nearby. Edmund followed her and begged her to give at least one bucket, but despite of all offers about help the girl did not agree. 
The water was for horses, which were about to return from bypass borders. There in the stable each stall had a trough where was poured a drink. The women were going from the stable to the well a lot of times - it was necessary in order to water three hundred horses. 
Edmund asked for another bucket from one of soldiers; he went to help to carry water, filling it only halfway. So they continued to work until noon. 
Not having rested, the people began to collect the dry grass in the field - that was also for animals. To carry hay seemed much easier. 
Picking up a big clod of hay in hands so that his head wasn't visible, Edmund ran quickly to the barn and threw it on the floor to quickly do all the work and rest. From time to time he stayed, watching playing children; he wanted to be in this lighthearted company, but again, seeing the poor and weary workers, the boy continued to help. 
After finishing the easy but at the same time the hard work, Edmund sat down on the ground to rest, Anna also sat down beside him. Wiping a sweat from forehead, she looked at her hands - there could be seen barely visible cuts from the dry grass. Both of them could hear a loud rumbling of their stomach - that meant they were hungry; the girl hinted to the kid to go eat but Ed refused, because he remembered about the huge rats which were running around bowls. 
After the long work they returned to home. After drinking a lot of water Edmund went to the table where there was neatly stacked silver armor. His eyes fell on the sharp long arrows which were sticking out of a leather cover. Taking one, he began carefully to examine it, knowing that such an arrow could easily pierce through an enemy. Ideal sharpened end of the weapon was so sharp that it seemed it can pierce a stone. 
Noticing the child's actions, Anna took his arm, hung the bow over her shoulder and then headed toward the door. Edmund was glad, knowing where they are going and why. The children, seeing them, went after them. Curious soldiers had asked the girl where they're going, but she didn't answer. Beside her there were about fifteen children of different ages. 
The guys rushed forward, knowing a place where Anna teaches them archery. Seeing their happy faces, Anna was smiling; she half-raised her blue dress and walked faster, trying to catch up with the fastest kids.
On one nearest to the city tree Edmund noticed a lot of holes. To guess that they were done by arrows wasn't difficult. 
The guys crowded around the girl and began to decide who would shoot first. Anna calmed them down and warned them not to depart from her even for one step because they were near the dark endless forest where a kid could easily get lost. Edmund was confused; the kids surrounded him on all sides, they were pushing him and screamed loudly, wanting to start archery. Anna knew everyone by name, but Ed could not remember it all. He was afraid and constantly was hiding behind Anna's back, looking at the crazy boys, how he thought. 
Anna took a large green leaf from branch and then attached it to a trunk of the tree, denoting mark where was supposed to shoot an arrow.
''I'm first! I'm after you!'' were talking the children, standing in a long turn.  
Then, taking Edmund's hand, the girl took a several steps back away from the target and pulled an arrow; she made a shot directly into the target, having made a hole in the middle of the leaf. The children again began to talk, admiring the precise hit.
Sitting on the ground, Anna handed the weapon to Edmund, who was trying to take it more conveniently with trembling hands. Helping him to place his hands on the handle properly, she explained to him how to shoot and where he should to watch. The long arrow was ready for flight.
''Concentrate on my hit, take a little higher,'' she said. ''Pull the bowstring with all forces,'
Ed took aim; his worried eyes were running on the guys and on the tree by turn. According her command he let the arrow fly; the rapid arrow rushed to the target, but alas, it had fallen on the ground without reaching a couple of meters. The boys named him a weakling and burst out laughing; Edmund handed the weapon back to Anna and walked away, not wanting to shoot anymore. 
Watching the guys how they're shooting without a miss, he felt sadness that filled his heart. He looked at the sky which was illuminated by red rays of the setting sun; Edmund was thinking about his parents, believing that they're watching him from above. Through laughter and loud words of kids he heard a neighing of horses; he directed his eyes toward the city and began to listen them, trying to understand why the animals are nervous.
''Hey, what are you doing?'' asked Anna, quietly having approached to him.
''Just rest,'' he said, not wanting to upset her by his despondency.
She passed a hand over his golden hair and again offered him to join the boys, but Ed refused, citing fatigue. Then, embracing him, she came back and warned the children about the darkness, but in spite of all her persuasion to go home the children persuaded her to shoot a little bit more. 
Edmund stared at the girl with wide eyes, admiring her kind and happy smile. The red rays of the sun were falling on her red hair, giving them a beautiful fiery color, in that moment all the sadness and sorrow left the boy and a little tiny smile came on his face. Suddenly through the laughter and voices he again heard a neighing of horses; looking towards the city he began to listen, but at some point he realized that the noise is not from the horse stable - this from the forest. Turning around, he looked deep into the forest; he knew exactly from where comes the noise. Edmund got up and headed toward the woods. He glanced at Anna; she didn't see him, so he disappeared into the darkness.
Stepping over the cold ground he looked around; the neighing rang out louder with each his step. At some point the boy stopped, realizing that there may be dangerous, but interest overcame his fear. 
Finally he saw a culprit of his curiosity; he was stunned in surprise. A black stallion stood in the middle of trees; the animal piercingly looked at Edmund. Looking back, the child began to look for someone.
''John?'' he whispered, hoping for an answer. 
Then Demon bowed his head and front hooves to the ground, as if inviting the child to ride. Without thinking Edmund went up to him. Looking into his big eyes and running his hand through the thick mane of the horse, he saddled him. The stallion got up and raced farther into the woods by gallop, breaking fragile branches under his hoofs.
Clutching his hands into the saddle, the boy was afraid of falling; Edmund was rolling to different sides due to the Demon's pace. Sharp branches crashed into his face, causing him to close his eyes without seeing the road along which the horse followed. He knew that moving away from Anna and it scared him. Very soon the animal began to slow down the tempo - the rough trot turned into a smooth step. 


Chapter Seven.
THE MURDERER.

Having opened his frightened eyes, Edmund saw John, who leaned his back against a thick trunk of a tree and stood calmly. Having jumped down from the high horse the boy hit himself against the ground, but, ignoring the pain, he ran to meet.
''John!'' unable to contain the joy, shouted he.
He hugged the vampire, firmly clutching his tiny hands into his leather corset; he did not want to let him go.
''I knew you'd come back,'' he said and leaned his ear to his chest, listening to the rapid beat of his heart.
John wasn't pleased by such of behavior, to some extent he was confused for a moment, but soon he grabbed Edmund's hand and pushed him away from himself. 
''Do not!'' glancing at the child, he shouted fiercely.
''Okay,'' guiltily lowering head, said the boy.
The vampire examined him from head to toe. 
''You have changed,'' he said. 
''Yes, and you're not,'' quietly said the boy, fixing his gaze into the yellow eyes of John. 
''I never change,''
He was as always serious and strict with Edmund. After stepping back to a tree he again leaned his back against a trunk, silently watching the old acquaintance. On his shoulders was possible to see frozen drops of blood. Fear filled the boy's eyes. Suddenly out of nowhere there appeared Argus. Briskly jumping around Edmund, he held something in his teeth – it was a squirrel. His old wounds had healed and in places where there were scars could be seen young fur. 
Fearing the beast, the boy started to step from foot to foot; he was afraid that the predator will drop him to the ground. John quietly whistled, and then Argus, looking at the owner, walked away from the human kid and sat down nearby. 
Edmund stood still, watching the vampire. John folded his hands on chest, staring at him with an expression on his face as if wishing to kill him. From this the boy felt uncomfortable, because he knew what can do such a bloodthirsty murderer like him.
''Sit down,'' finally said John, pointing to a fallen tree.
Without thinking Ed complied with order. John reluctantly went towards him. Sitting side by side, he put his hand into his pocket and pulled out a rag, he unfolded it and then showed Edmund.
''What is her name?'' he asked.
The boy was surprised.
''So this was she when I saw her with you!'' he said.
''Name!'' painfully having grabbed his little hand, repeated John.
''Anna! Her name is Anna!'' screamed in pain Ed.
Having released his hand, John put the portrait in his pocket and stood up. The child was scared; watching his movements, he examined his hand that was burning with pain. He looked at the wolf and at John by turn; he wanted to escape, but he knew that it was impossible to leave them. 
The vampire directed his yellow eyes up, trying to find at least one drop of light.
''It gets dark, you have to go,'' he said, looking back to the boy.
''Sure!'' immediately jumped Ed and went with hasty steps from whence he came, but he was immediately stopped.
''I haven't finished yet,''
The killer approached him and sat down to see the child's face, and then he said:
''Tomorrow at dawn you will lead her here, to this place,''
Edmund's eyes widened, he didn't understand the request, thinking that the vampire wants to kill Anna.
''Why, I don't...''
The vampire abruptly grabbed him by white shirt and said:
''Don't you dare refuse me! Lie to her! Tell her that you want to show something,''
Examining his protruding fangs and the scar that dissected his left eyebrow, the boy was afraid to say anything, so he nodded. Then John released him and let him go. 
''Hey!'' called him John.
Turning, Ed looked at him. John put his hand on the cover where there was a sword and said:
''If you dare to cheat me, you will sit in the place of these two in a horse stable!''
Edmund went further, wanting to quickly disappear from the sight of killer. He saddled the black horse.
Demon again rushed forward. Ed heard the vampire's threats behind about that blood of the residents of Vedentor will be on his hands if he does not fulfill his request. 

Having found Edmund in the city, Anna questioned him about where he had been all this time, but the boy didn’t hear her; he just looked at the ground in one point.
All night he cried and blamed himself because he went in the woods this night. Sometimes he was going out and stood near the door of the royal hall; he wanted to tell about everything to Dalis, but after recognizing that this will be the beginning of the end, he was returning home.
Throughout the night he was sitting on the floor in thought, watching the sleeping girl; in his hand he held the dagger with red handle, hoping to kill John at this morning. 
The noise of departing squads awakened Anna.
''You didn't sleep?'' she asked, noticing the child. 
''I just woke up,'' he replied, hiding a dagger under the bed.
The girl washed her face and went outside, then Edmund pulled out the dagger, thrust it under his belt and covered it by shirt. He went outside and directed his gaze to the rising sun and then towards the forest, to where he was supposed to go. Realizing that the time is running out, he began to look for Anna in the middle of sleepy people. Ed found her near the horse stable. 
She stood in street; beside her there stood a red horse - Anna was cleaning the animal from dust. 
‘‘You are going somewhere?'' quietly having approached her, asked the boy.
''Yes, I want again to look for food in forest, maybe I will find something,''
''Can I come with you?’’
''No, it could be dangerous,''
''I saw squirrels in the woods yesterday, I can show you where,'' immediately he said.
Anna stopped scratching the horse and threw a brush on the ground; she approached the child and sat down on her knees.
''You were in the woods?! I thought you went to town!''
"No," apologetically looking into her blue eyes, he replied.
She rose to feet and silently went into the stable, she grabbed a saddle and headband; she approached the mare and began to zip up straps on chest and head of horse.
''I'm sorry, Anna,'' he said, noting sadness on her face.
''I cannot believe that you disobeyed me!'' again having sat down beside him, she said. '' And what if something serious would've happened out there with you? You really know about your parents, you've told us about them - it's dangerous there, it could have happened to you too. You cannot walk in the woods alone, never, do you hear me?!’’ said she, but then she noticed tears in the boy's eyes, then she embraced him, asking forgiveness for the spoken words. 
Ed calmed down. He touched her long braid and again asked her to go with her.
''Bring me my weapon, you have to show me this squirrels,'' with smile said she.
Edmund joyfully rushed into the house for the bow and arrows, but remembering that there is no any squirrels the joy on his face turned into despair and fear.
He hung the weapon on his back, checked the dagger under his belt and then headed back. Upon returning to the girl Edmund saw two men; they also outfitted their horses to go with them.
''Well little man, where your squirrels is?'' said one of them, patting the boy's frail shoulders.
Looking at the strong and tall men, Ed's heart filled with hope, it seemed to him that now Anna's life in safety because these soldiers were much larger than John and hence stronger. Their silver chain armors were sparkling in the sun and on their belts could be seen heavy and sharp swords. 
The dark-haired warriors with long beards saddled their horses and moved slowly to the gate. Anna half-lifted blue dress and also saddled her horse, then, grabbing Edmund's hand, she helped him to climb in a saddle. Soon they passed through the gate, avoiding curious children.
Edmund was pointing out to them the way by which the riders followed, constantly looking around in the dark forest. Obediently stepping from foot to foot, the horses walked quietly, occasionally trying to nip off green leaves from branches which were hitting them in eyes. The men on black horses were walking in front, listening to every sound. 
Arriving at the appointed place, Edmund saw no one; there was empty and quiet, at some point he thought that John is gone once and for all, forgetting about his request. But immediately after these thoughts, from above in the middle of trees there came a barely audible rustle of leaves; the soldiers paid attention and looked up. 
Without understanding anything they noticed on above a silhouette, which was falling directly on one of them.
''Anna run!'' managed to shout one of the horsemen, and then his back was pierced by a sharp sword which went right through him and entered at half into the horse's body, having broken the animal spine. 
Along with dead warrior the horse fell on the ground and, trying to get up, was screaming from the wild pain. 
Another man bared his sword; intending to kill the vampire, he went to John, but John, smartly dodging from blows, grabbed the man by leg, threw him to the ground and then cut off his head.
Anna struck the mare with all force and rushed from the enemy towards Vedentor, hoping to call for help, but after a couple of meters the horse stopped abruptly; all the attempts to make a leap forward were worthless. Turning around, she saw a huge beast which was pulling the horse on itself, holding it by long tail by teeth. Then she took the bow and took aim at the black wolf; she was going to shoot him in it forehead, but her hand instantly was wrapped with a rope. The vampire pulled the rope and dropped her off the horse - Anna banged her head into the ground. 
Edmund immediately ran to her and fell to his knees, trying to push John away from her; he was wrapping Anna's neck by rope. Unable to bear the blows of brazen child, John grabbed him by his neck and lifted; he pressed the boy to the nearest tree. Not wanting to loosen the onslaught of his hand, John squeezed his hand harder, watching the reddening face of the kid and listening to his loud wheezing. 
The boy was kicking him by legs, grabbing the enemy by shoulders. Panting from breathlessness and pain in throat, he tried to pull a dagger from his belt, but because of panic he could not do that. 
When in the boy's eyes beginning to darken and his face turned pale John let him go. He threw the child to the ground, allowing him to breathe, and then he walked back to the girl who regained consciousness. 
Listening to the muffled cries of a wounded horse, she had seen how it was trying to get up again and again. The horse constantly was falling on side, kicking the corpses of people by front hooves. Feeling the rope on hands, Anna tried to get up, but then the vampire grabbed her under her arms and had planted her near a tree. In desperation watching the enemy, she tried to remove the rope off her hands. 
John walked to the dying horse and knocked it down to the ground; he broke it neck, and then there came a silence. 
A huge beast was running around Anna, examining and getting to know new smell of the stranger. She looked into his wild eyes and massive jaw, not having any courage to even move. Not far from her there was Edmund, holding throat by hands and coughing, he lay on the ground.
Black stallion came out behind the trees. Taking him by reins, John brought Demon to the girl and began to wind the rope to a saddle, so she couldn't escape. 
''Argus, go away!'' ordered John, then the wolf stepped back from the frightened girl. 
Ed crawled over to Anna and sat down next to her. Coughing, he hugged her, trying to calm down.
''Run Edmund!'' she said.
''No!'' said he and then took her hand, watching the killer.
John walked through the blood, stepping over the corpses; he was looking for his sword. Finally he found it; he picked it up from the ground and wiped the blade off on the corpse's pants. He put the sword in leather case, then his pale yellow eyes had directed towards Anna. Calmly having approached, he grabbed the child by shirt and threw him away.
''Go away, I don't need you!'' he said.
But Edmund came back again to Anna then John threw him away again and repeated his words.
''Go, I beg you!''  said Anna, looking at the persistent boy.
But, having fallen on his knees nearby, he was not going to run.
''Do you know me?'' asked the vampire, standing beside her.
''You are a vampire!'' by trembling voice she said.
John grinned.
''Do you know my name?'' he asked again.
Then she fell into silence. She was confused; she thought that this vampire wants revenge on her for some of her long-time mistakes. Recalling all enemies whom she killed Anna tried to remember names. 
Watching the pensive expression on her face, John decided to simplify the task. He sat down on his knees in front of her, his eyes filled with bright yellow light. The girl's heart sank.
''John!'' faltering and with trembling voice said she.
''Kill me instead her!'' came a mournful cry from the boy's side; the vampire turned his attention, having extinguished the energy in his eyes.
''Don't! Go Edmund, I beg you!'' shouted Anna through tears that streamed down her white cheeks.
''The human race is so...,’’ became angry the murderer. He moved away for a few steps and turned his back on them. ''All of you are so weak and stupid - you're ready to sacrifice by self for someone! How disgusting it is to give own life just to save a miserable father, son, friend...,'' he said and clenched his fists in anger, his eyes filled with rage.  
John looked at Argus, who lay in a pool of blood; he bit off fingers from a human corpse and was swallowing them one after another. Suddenly the vampire felt a slight blow on his lower back; behind him there stood Edmund; he beat him by a knife in back with hope to wound the killer. But on his leather corset there were only scratches. 
Turning around, the vampire pulled the dagger out of the child's hands and threw it aside, and then he struck a hard blow with his hand over his face. 
''Leave him alone!'' screamed Anna.
After this, John once again hit the boy and said:
"Anyway, he's already dead! I got what I wanted, soon yours city will lie in ruins! I will show my brothers, where have you been hiding all this time,''
''We have an army, you, filthy animal!'' the girl answered.
John's face broke into a smile; he began to laugh uncontrollably, slowly walking toward her.
''Army? Three hundred soldiers? I saw them. I saw those weak and cowardly creatures,'' having sat down beside her, he said. ''Your shameful people against thousands of vampires? You're not stupid, Anna, just think,''
''We are more!'' she said, trying to deceive him.
''Yes, there is more if you give weapon to your stupid children,'' - he pointed at Edmund. ‘’But then it would be a pity to kill them, because in my house my brothers love them a lot! Their blood is sweeter and tenderer. I was there, Anna, and I've seen all your 'great army','' he said, not taking his eyes from her eyes.
Looking at Edmund, who didn't had any courage to get up, she fell into despair, realizing that there is no exit, and the idea that her native home is in danger frightened her.
''Do what you want, but I beg you...I beg you leave Vedentor alone, they are not guilty of anything,'' with crying she said. ''The people do not deserve such of death, they are just trying to live!''
Watching her tears that streamed down her cheeks, the vampire fell into thought. He looked in her reddened eyes and on bright red hair. 
''Please!'' she begged.
After thinking he pulled out a knife and grabbed her hands. 
''No!'' shouted Edmund. 
Anna closed her eyes from fear, she was ready to feel unbearable pain, but after a few seconds her arms and neck were freed from the tight ropes. 
''Prove me!'' said John and put the dagger back under his belt.
''What?'' haltingly asked she, staring at him with wide eyes. 
Then the vampire reluctantly got up on his feet and walked over to a stallion; he began to untie the rope from the saddle, reeling it up around his hand. 
''Prove to me that they don't deserve to die,'' through his teeth and with angry tone he explained.
Not daring to say anything, Anna was confused. Exchanging glances with Edmund, they did not understand what does he meant and how she should to prove it. Using the moment while the vampire stood beside a horse and did something, the boy jumped on his feet and then ran to the girl; he hugged her. Anna touched his bloody nose in order to check any presence of fracture. Making sure that everything is okay she stood up and took Edmund's hand. She looked around, thinking about a way by which they could escape. 
''Don't do it,'' said John.
He leaned over a cold body, tore a piece of cloth from it pants, and then took out a water bottle from under his saddle; he began watering the cloth with water. Having approached Edmund, he handed the wet cloth to him and ordered him to wash the blood on his face. Not daring to disobey, the boy complied with the order of the vampire.
John approached Argus; the wolf was sitting in a bloody puddle and beside him there lay a half-eaten corpse. The vampire whispered something to the animal and then Argus disappeared behind the trees; after a short time he brought a horse, holding the reins in his teeth. Soon he again rushed in other direction and then led a second one. After finishing the work the wolf lay down on his back on the cold ground.
John approached the people; he grabbed the child by hand and planted him on the black horse, then he had led another horse to Anna and ordered her to sit in the saddle. 
Hoping to go back home, they rejoiced; hope appeared in their faces. They silently watched the murderer, waiting when he'll let them go.
Soon John saddled his horse and went closer to them. Approaching the girl, he took reins of her mare and pulled the animal to himself in order to it followed exactly after him.
"You must return to your city, you have to be silent, otherwise you know what your stupidity could result in...,'' said John to Ed.
''What?'' with one voice uttered the boy and girl.
''You're coming with me,'' looking at Anna, said John.
''You cannot! I'm not going anywhere without her!'' shouted Ed, not wanting to leave her with him.
''I'll get her back after sunset,''
''It's all right, go,'' said the girl, trying to calm the child. 
''I don't believe you!'' in desperation cried Edmund, grasping her hand.
''I give you my word, stupid puppy, get out of here before I change my mind to let you alive!'' angrily said the vampire and sharply pulled the reins.
 He walked away, taking the girl from the annoying boy.  
Edmund stood in the middle of the dark forest. Not daring to go anywhere, he was waiting for Anna, hoping that the vampire would keep his promise. A slight grunt was heard from Argus side. He was lying on his back, unable to rise and follow his owner because his stomach was full of fresh meat. Carefully watching him, Ed climbed down from his horse and with little steps walked toward the bushes where John threw his dagger. Pushing away the thick leaves of bushes, he looked back toward the beast, fearing that he could notice him. But Argus still was in the same place groaning from a heaviness and pain in his stomach, so he didn't pay any attention to the sly boy. 
Finally he noticed a red hilt of his dagger; he picked it and walked quickly to horse, avoiding the wolf and stepping over the blood. Edmund barely climbed into a saddle and, grabbing the reins, headed away from the bodies from which smelled by iron and carrion. The kid stopped in the distance from where it was possible to see the predator; he felt sorry for him, seeing how he suffers. He knew that he felt bad, and not so long ago this dangerous beast saved his life. The boy stepped on the ground and, tightly taking in his right hand a sharp dagger, began to approach the black wolf closer and closer. He walked over the bloody puddles, looking at the gnawed corpses that were around.
He covered his nose with palm in order not to feel the hideous smell. After a few meters Edmund approached Argus; he knelt down beside him and threw a knife beside on the ground. The boy carefully put his small hand on the thick black fur of the beast, touching his big belly. 
Sensing the boy's hand, the predator turned his huge head to him, having directed on him his heavy and hot breath. Examining the bloody jaw of the wolf, Edmund saw pain in his eyes. He looked at the horse, which was half eaten.
''Oh, you ate a lot!'' said he, passing a hand over his big chest.
Argus turned on his side and put his head on the boy's knees; he began to wag his tail in different directions. Then, grabbing the animal's head with both hands, the boy began to stroke and scratch his ears without fear and doubt. Edmund's face broke into a smile.
Argus stood up on his front paws and began to lick his face with rough tongue, but at the same moment he puked on the boy's knees all the meat that was inside his stomach. 

Chapter eight.
ALONE WITH THE ENEMY.

Stepping over the ground that was wet and enveloped by mud, Anna and John walked in silence, not saying a word to each other. Holding in his right hand reins of Anna's horse, the vampire was often looking at her but he averted his gaze to the side when he noticed her mutual look.
 The long branches of trees were bowing in their way, covering the travelers by dark mantle, because of which Anna could not see the face of the enemy completely; only in some places, where the rays of light stretched through the dense foliage, she could see his shoulders and cheeks stained by drops of blood. From somewhere far away was heard a deaf plaintive shriek of animals, therefore the girl was frightened; she touched behind her back with hope to get a weapon, forgetting that there is not. To her surprise John didn't pay any attention to the distant predators which were tearing someone to shreds; he as before walked quietly, firmly holding her horse's reins and looking at her terrified face - in the darkness he could see perfectly. 
The vampire saw a tremble of her slim hands by which she clung into a saddle. Her pink lips all the time were moving; in her mind she counted the number of steps in order to know how far they are away from home. 
''What are you doing?'' suddenly he asked, pulling the reins even more in order to her horse snuggled up to his black stallion.
Anna felt a touch of his leg to hers; she moved to aside, removing her foot from a stirrup. She was determined to get off the horse and run away, but John immediately grabbed her hand and stopped, not allowing her to come down on the ground. 
Feeling the pain she began to resist the murderer, trying to push him away; she struck him in face and ribs. John got angry; he stopped the horses and pushed her from a saddle. Anna fell on the ground, covered with dirt. Having approached her, John grabbed her under arms, lifted up and pressed her against the body of one of the horses, dodging her attacks.
''How dare you!'' he said, grabbing her neck by hand.
Watching how she gasps, he threw her away to the ground and then knelt down beside her; he again grabbed her neck but this time he loosened his grip, allowing her to breathe. 
Clutching his hand, Anna saw the fierce eyes of the murderer that were filled by bright yellow light, illuminating her terrified face.
''You forgot who I am?!'' he shouted. ''You want to go home?!'' added the vampire, demanding her response. When Anna uttered a barely audible ‘Yes’ he stood up to his feet, turned his back on her and began to think, looking somewhere into a distance. 
Tears ran down the white cheeks of the girl; sitting on the cold ground, she looked at the enemy that stood nearby.
John made a few steps from her and walked over to his stallion; he took a rope and then approached back to the hostage.
''We had a deal, now it's gone,'' he said, intending to tie her hands. 
''What?'' she asked.  
''You have to listen me so then your family will sleep peacefully, but you don't obey me! Well... you condemned them to death, soon they will rot in cages with others in my castle!'' 
Anna stood up on feet, shook off dirt from dress, wiped tears and started to apologize, but not wanting to listen to her, John grabbed her hands and then began to wrap her hands by rope.
''Please do whatever you want, kill me, but don't touch them!'' begging, she said.
The murderer smiled.
''You are willing to sacrifice by life for others!'' he said. ''You, people, do not value your life! Love makes you weak,'' he added.
''Please!'' word by word she repeated.  
Looking into her blue eyes, John fell in thought. Taking out a knife from his leather case, he decided to punish the girl. At first he cut the rope, freeing her hands, then he put edge of the dagger on her belly and asked:
''Do you want to save them?'' 
Lowering head and looking at the dagger, Anna said nothing, fearing to move. 
''Answer me!'' shouted John.
"Yes," she whispered quietly, looking into his furious eyes and at barely protruding fangs.
He pressed her to the nearest tree and began to speak.
''Let’s play a game... They will live,'' he said, making a small cut on her dress. ''I will rip your belly and let you go, if you get to the gate of your city by foot, I'll forget about the existence of Vedentor,'' he said, pressing the blade harder. ''Come on! You asked me to kill you and leave them alone, Anna,'' he said, looking at her closed eyes due to the fear. ''You really thought dying is easy? Let me know and I'll show you what a real pain is,''
Feeling a shiver coming from the body of the girl, the vampire paused and put the knife back in his case. Taking a few steps back, he stared at her, examining the stained by dirt dress and her eyes that were filled with despair and fear. 
Anna bowed her head and began to cry, wiping away tears with trembling hands. John smiled; he turned back to her and headed for the horses. 
''I won't hurt you. If you will listen to me, I'll lead you home to night,'' he said. 
Anna obediently saddled the horse; she turned away from him to avoid looking at his ugly face. 

***
There was almost the sunset. Birds, preparing for the dangerous night, flew over the heads of riders who by slow step were approaching the rocks which were colored by red rays of the dying sun. Anna knew them; these white rocks could be seen from her native home. Despite this cold and repulsive view they seemed to her good. 
Twenty years of seeing them from Vedentor, she never approached them so close like this time. 
Small stone pieces lay across the land, covering the ground like a white soft blanket. For tens of meters around the cliffs there weren't a single tree; as though the cliffs settled their own boundaries, protecting the territory from the green enemies.
Having left horses, Anna and John headed along a barely noticeable path that led to top of the stone hill. A little wind lifted up a dust into the air, which enveloped blue dress of the girl, lightly staining it. The higher they climbed, the calmer Anna felt herself; the stone walls on two sides allegedly hugged her, giving silence and peace to her. The vampire was walking a little ahead of her, confidently leading her somewhere; it was not difficult to guess that he was in this place not for the first time. 
In the white walls could be seen a lot of holes, filled with endless darkness. Looking at them, Anna was feeling anxiety. The farther they walked, the more often on their way there were the dangerous holes, in some places they were quite large where there could fit a dozen people.
Being close to the top Anna noticed something; she stopped and began to look closely. There behind a big white stone was sticking out someone's tail, it was blue in color and constantly was moving. 
''What is it?'' casually asked she.
John drew attention to it; he walked up to her and, glancing to where she pointed, said:
''Blue tiger,''
''Blue tiger?'' said she, the first hearing the name of an animal.
Nodding, the vampire motioned her to follow further the path to the top which was very close. 
Stepping further, he noticed the curiosity of girl; she often was turning around backward to see the unknown beast.
''They live here,'' he said. ''This is a rare species, like tigers, but the color is different. Their tail, head and paws have a blue color and the rest body is white,'' he added.
''But I never heard of them,'' said Anna, still looking back.
Then John stopped her; he put a hand on her white cheek and turned her head to himself.
''Nobody had heard of them, because nobody had seen them, even if someone saw them before - they're all died. You cannot look into their eyes - one look and the beast thinks you're doing him a call. But now you are experiencing your own destiny out of your curiosity,'' he said and, having felt the warmth of her skin on his palm, stepped back.
''But what about you?''
''I come here often, I'm used to, and I don't look into their eyes,'' replied John, glancing at his palm then on her.
Standing in silence and looking absurdly at each other, the vampire finally ordered to move on. 
Anna lowered head and followed him; she was afraid to look back and be caught by eyes of the dangerous predator. 
They arrived at the top from where it was perfectly visible the mesmerizing sunset. John knelt down and directed his gaze at the dying sun that was enveloped by red color. His eyes like a flaming fire became brighter. 
Standing behind him, the girl inspected the area; there were empty but warm and cozy. Lightly kicking small stones that lay upon the ground, she squinted and turned her head away from the bright rays, not understanding how the vampire looks directly on them. Staring on his wide back and thick black hair, she had no idea why he brought her here. 
Wandering in different directions and from time to time glancing at him, she waited for him, not daring to go down alone to horses due to the blue tigers which were waiting downstairs.
''That was you?'' suddenly she asked.
''What do you mean?'' he said, not taking his eyes from the sun.
''Edmund said that you saved him and brought him to us,'' said Anna, covering her face by hand due to the bright sun.
Then, taking a deep breath, he looked at her.
''Yes, but I had to let him die,''
Angrily having looked at him, she walked away and sat down on the ground, taking stones in hand.
John watched her, although she couldn't see his eyes at this moment, but he had a long and hard look at her, staring at her long hair and her fragile back. Staring at the way she throws stones, he saw anger that was burning inside her. But John's heart beat quietly, at that moment he felt peace and serenity. Forgetting about the sun, which was hiding behind the horizon, the vampire was imprinted on her. As if frozen, he couldn't tear his gaze from her, unable to blink and move. His eyes filled with bright light, killing the darkness that enveloped all around.
''It's getting dark!'' said Anna and turned toward him.
John quickly looked away from her, got to his feet and as before dismissively told her to walk to the horses.
Passing another black cave, Anna heard a rustling; she accidentally turned her head toward it and looked into the darkness and then there was a loud roar, which was reflected by shock wave on the walls of the cliff. 
''Idiot! I told you not to look!'' angrily shouted the vampire and caught up with her.
Two huge beasts came up out of the cave; they were exactly as they were described by John. Sharp claws on their huge blue paws were scratching white stone floor, making an unpleasant grinding sound. Compared to a black wolf these animals were much bigger and deadlier. Their long and thick fangs, which were protruded from wide mouths, could break even an elephant. Pursing ears and baring jaws, they looked at Anna. They started approaching toward her. 


''I accidentally did it!'' said she by trembling voice and turned her head aside so as not to see their furious eyes.
Standing beside her but not looking at the animals, the vampire pulled out a dagger and handed it to her, and then he walked a couple of steps back. After inspecting the weapon Anna directed her eyes at John.
''Don't turn your face aside, look at them,'' said he, pointing to the tigers, which cautiously were approaching her, trying to catch her scent by using wind.
Throwing gaze to the animals, she slowly stepped back from them.
"Help me," she said desperately.
Then the vampire laughed. 
The animals kept their distance from the prey, they studied her; loudly snarling, they talked among themselves. 
''You did them a challenge,'' with a smile on his face said John. He watched her, not losing the animals from his peripheral vision. ''Interesting to hear your scream when they will rip you apart, you stupid creature!'' slowly stepping behind Anna, he said. 
The darkness progressively was embracing them, therefore the tigers were lost from their sight. The animals plunged into the shadow; it was a great advantage from their side. They were approaching closer and closer, not paying any attention to the vampire. 
When the beasts were in a step from Anna, she dropped a dagger and closed her eyes in fear, preparing to die. 
''I knew it!'' looking on the thrown knife, said John. ''Your race is cowardly and pathetic! All of you will die soon!'' he added and walked away from her to the side to let the tigers take their prey.
The tigers bared their jaws and sharp claws, preparing to attack. Having made the last wild loud roar which swept across the stone house by long echo, one of the predators sat down to make a mighty leap to the victim, but then John took a step toward him; he bared his sword and was ready to protect the girl. His eyes flared with yellow flame, therefore the tigers stumbled backwards, taking up the challenge of another opponent.
''Come on!'' shouted the vampire, driving them back to the cave.
But the tigers didn't want to retreat; they exchanged glances like consulting with each other. One of them bypassed John from other side and then rushed at him. The tiger dug his fangs in his corset. The vampire had hit the animal in head by hilt of sword, then the beast with a loud roar tried to retreat but his teeth stuck in the leather armor of John. The predator leaned front paws against the opponent and with all forces began to pull head to the sides, trying to pull teeth out, but then at the same moment a sharp John's sword pierced through his neck. Blood gushed on the white stone floor, spattering all around. Pitifully screaming in pain, the tiger was trying to shake off the enemy. John grabbed his huge jaw by hands and pulled his head up; head of the beast was released, then the vampire threw him aside. After that the animal tucked his tail and, coughing blood, ran away, leaving behind a bright red line. The second predator rushed after him. 
John sheathed the sword and looked at his bloody hands, he began to wipe them on his pants but it was useless. Looking around and making sure that there is no enemy nearby, he went to Anna who sat on the stone floor and watched him with eyes full of horror. John picked up his knife and then approached Anna; he tried to raise her.
''Don't touch me!'' she shouted and, rising, walked away.
John became angry; he caught up with her, grabbed her by shoulder and then threw her on the ground. Covering her face by hands, Anna was afraid of blows from his side, but John did not even think to beat her, he just went to horses. She stood up and carefully headed down over the path, due to the darkness she didn't see John who was walking ahead with brisk step. 
The spot where they left the horses was empty; there were no John, no horses.
''Bastard!'' she said, realizing that he was gone, leaving her alone. 

Stumbling in the darkness against stones, Anna was heading toward her home, hoping for a safe road. Listening to every rustle and sound, she walked faster. She half-lifted her dirty dress to not cling to the branches of evil trees that were pulling her into its terrible embrace. 
Bats watched the girl by glowing eyes, talking something in their language after her. The Moon illuminated the night sky by a bright light, not having any courage to wade through the dense leaves of the forest, allowing him to stay in his unknown form and to swallow the stray wanderers. Wind that was blowing from the ground enveloped her legs, taking away warmth of her body. Anna hugged herself by hands and, shivering, quickened her pace. Every time she was falling, stumbling over invisible tree roots, but barely rising, she walked further, hoping to quickly be in the warm home under a thick blanket. 
Falling once again, she cut her hand; she had no strength to stand up. Sitting on knees and weeping in a loud voice, she didn't care about dangerous animals which could hear her; she was tired and needed to rest in order to go further. Suddenly she heard a noise behind; that was sound of steps from hooves. Turning around, she saw John, who stood near and held reins of her horse; all the while he was following her. 
''Get up!'' ordered he.
Not stopping to cry, the girl got up and, not wanting to look at him, climbed into the saddle. She hit the horse and rushed toward the city, the vampire followed her, keeping a short distance behind. 
Having approached Vedentor, John stopped her at a border of the forest.
''You remember that you have to keep quiet. I'm waiting for you tomorrow at noon,'' he said and retreated from her. 
After answering all the questions of the soldiers with lie, Anna entered the house. Edmund jumped out of bed and ran up to her; he hugged her and began to apologize for that he led her into a trap. Stroking his golden hair, she calmed the boy, saying that it's not his fault. 
 
***
In the late morning the boy was awakened by loud and prolonged wailing, coming from street. He got up from the warm bed and looked around the empty room. A pleasant smell of freshly cooked porridge oozed from the side of the table. Stepping with bare feet on the floor, Edmund went to his breakfast, which was left by Anna; he grabbed the bowl with both hands and began to drink eagerly, spilling a little on his shirt. On his thin legs could be seen numerous abrasions, and his small knees were covered with visible bruises. Ed scooped up some water in his palms from the barrel and, having quenched his thirst, went to the shelf with armor; there he found new pants for him - black and with holes. He got dressed and went to the door, from where he could hear the crying.   
Exhausted women and children, as usual, roamed the streets, wanting to keep their mind occupied to forget about the hunger. Hoping to find Anna, the boy went to the stable, near which he saw a crowd of people. Realizing that exactly from there was heard the bitter weeping, he went closer. 
Having squeezed between the crowd, he noticed a blonde woman. Sitting on the ground she held a girl, the same age as Edmund. Her hands were shaking and her tears dripped on the white face of the child. Beside them there stood a man in armor; putting a hand on shoulder of the poor mother, he tried to reassure her. The little girl was dead, her body was severely depleted.
''Get out!'' came a female voice among the crowd, after which Edmund was ousted from the circle.
He looked around and saw guys who, despite the wild screams, kept playing and laughing, not paying any attention to the happened grief. 
''They used to. Each day someone dies,'' suddenly he heard a voice behind.
Turning around, Ed found Anna; in her hands she held wet clothing from which there was dripping water. Despite her smile in her eyes he saw sadness. She wasn't wearing the beautiful blue dress as before, there were just strange ragged pants and a large size gray sweater.
''Have you eaten?'' she asked, wearily looking into eyes of the child.
Edmund nodded and followed her to a rope that hung between houses; it was designed for drying clothes.
Anna hung last wet cloth and then her eyes was directed toward the sun; she knew it was time to move, she was distracted by a chomping nearby - most of people still had breakfast. 
''Have you eaten today?'' the boy asked, noticing the way she looked at the bowl of food.
"Of course," she had lied and headed to the stable. 
She saddled her horse but then she was caught by Ed; he asked her to take him with.
''You must stay here, I'll feel better,'' said Anna.
''I can't let you alone! Please, can I go with you?''
''He's dangerous, Ed. I don't care what could happen to me, but I'm not let you die!''! 
''He won't kill me, he saved me, I know it, please,'' begged the boy. ''If I stay, I'll tell everyone about it!'' said he and stepped away from the horse. 
After much thought she allowed him to go with her, but when they came to the place where there still lay the dead bodies of soldiers and was a fetid smell, John wasn't pleased with this. 
Having walked away from the rotting bodies, the vampire pointed towards the city in order to the kid went away, but Edmund didn't want to obey his order. Having approached him, the murderer grabbed the boy under hands and planted him on the ground from his horse; he pushed him in the direction of Vedentor. 
''Do not touch him!'' said the girl.
She hid the boy behind her back, thus closing it from the fierce enemy. But John stood his ground; he pushed her away, bared his sword and headed towards Ed. 
''Go, if you value your life!'' he said and leaned edge of his sword against the chest of the child.
Filled with fear, Ed looked at Anna.
''John, no!'' said Anna, afraid to provoke him to murder.
Not retreating on a single step, the boy kept his eyes fixed on the vampire. Bright yellow light of hatred lit up face of John, making his scar more visible and hair with eyebrows darker. 
''You don't kill children,'' he said quietly, as if making a call to John.
Then, frowning even more, John increased the pressure of his arm, causing pain to the brave boy. Edmund made a step back, writhing in pain. The enemy didn't want to stop; silence and darkness enveloped his mind, he saw only a victim in front of himself, wishing a painful death for it, his instinct and habit of killing told him to rip the boy's belly. Suddenly John was distracted by a blow; Anna hit him, trying to protect the child, but then there came a loud roar; baring jaws, the black wolf chased away her from the vampire. 
John decided to finish the job and get rid of the boy. 
Edmund fell to the ground and, covering his face with hands, began to implore mercy. John decided to chop the human child into two parts, he raised his sword up, but he was unable to lower the sharp weapon because of Argus; the black wolf rushed to the boy and turned his fangs against the vampire. Baring jaw and claws, he was ready to protect this child until his last breath.
 ''What the hell!'' the murderer was stunned; he dropped the sword and took a few steps back.
He was not afraid of the beast, but he was confused because the black wolf stood ground to protect the human, it was for the first time.
When the vampire sheathed his sword, the beast retreated from the boy and approached John; he began to rub against his legs asking for forgiveness. 
The vampire patted his broad back, and then Argus run away. John realized that he almost made a mistake due to his killer instinct; he stepped away from people, turned his back on them and fell in thoughts. He wanted to apologize, but the hatred of the human race and pride wasn't allowed to do that. 
Touching the child's chest, the girl asked whether he feels pain, but there were no wounds on his body, there were only frustration and fear which filled his heart.
''Go!'' said Anna, pointing him to horse.
But the boy still didn't want to leave her alone, so that he stayed.
''Freak! You only know how to kill those who are weaker than you!'' unable to stand, she screamed, turning to John who stood with his back to her. ''I hate you and all your kind, you're....animal, no... You’re worse than animals! We're afraid of you, who are you to be afraid of you?! I'm not scared! You're a mortal like everyone else, and there will come a day when your head will be in a bag of one of our soldiers! We're leaving, let your brothers come, we will protect our home and you'll burned in a big bonfire with the rest!'' 
After finishing she walked over to her horse and, placing the boy into a saddle, began to climb after him, but then she felt a touch of the vampire's hand on her waist. 
He put her back on the ground, but Anna began to beat him by hands on his face and chest, demanding that he let her go. 
''Easy...easy,'' repeated John, grasping her hand tighter and pressed her to himself so close that could feel her warm breath. 
''Let me go!'' she said, trying to escape from his grasp, but the vampire held her so tightly that she couldn't even move.
''Quiet!'' he said, looking into her furious eyes. 
Having calmed down, Anna stopped resisting.
''Can we go?!''
Looking into her sky-blue eyes, John didn't want to let her out of his hands; he's like forgotten himself and plunged into something that wasn't familiar him before. Soon he came to his senses and loosened his grip, then Anna took a few steps away from him and said:
''Let us go, please,''
''No,'' said John and looked at Edmund, who was still in a saddle.
He took a green apple from his pocket and then tossed it to the boy. This was his first apology, though nobody knew about it.  
The child caught the fruit and then handed it to the girl, but despite a hunger she refused.
The vampire looked ridiculous, standing in silence and not taking his eyes from Anna. His angry eyes and furrowed brow could be mistaken for hatred, but in his heart was not anger at this moment. His frozen gaze was interrupted by Ed; he approached the girl and handed her the apple.
''I'm not small and I know that in that bowl was your breakfast also,'' he said.
''No, you have to eat,'' she said, not wanting to take it.
''At least a half!'' proposed Ed.
Then John took another apple from his pocket and handed it to Anna. Without thinking she took the gift and began to eat so fast that the fruit juice was dripping down her chin, soiling her clothes. 
''Do not forget to chew!'' said John. 
Not paying attention to him, they continued to eat the apples for both cheeks - that seemed ridiculous and absurd, John looked at them with disgust and then turned away not to see it. 
''Do you have more?'' slurred asked Ed, munching the remains.
Looking at his slobbery and dirty chin, the vampire frowned.
''No!''
Seeing as they lick the sweet juice from hands, John walked over to his stallion and climbed into a saddle; he ordered them to follow him. 

***

They raced at a run, moving behind John. From time to time the vampire looked back in order to the people are not left behind, because Demon was faster; he briskly was jumping over large tree roots which were spread on their way. 
Firmly holding the girl's hand, Edmund didn't know to where John leads them, but some of the places, through which stretched their way, seemed to him familiar. 
The road was long, and in order to return home before sunset they could not to make a stop even for a minute. The tired horses from time to time were slowing down the pace, trying to catch breath. John often listened to the whisperings of the forest and to sounds of animals; he was looking on sides, so as not to stumble on groups of people, otherwise, he would have to kill again. Although he loved to kill, but the vampire knew that this may alienate Anna, so when he was hearing any noise from afar he quickly changed direction, bypassing the intruders.
Breaking a few boundaries and long distance, they finally arrived at place. Edmund learned this field and the clear blue lake near which there stood the lonely apple-tree, which scattered leaves, strewing the field. The bright glare of the setting sun was reflected in clear water, blinding the riders which were approaching by step to the tree. The loud breathing of the horses interrupted the silence and peace that reigned in this secluded and unknown place.
Looking around, Anna could not believe her eyes; comfort and warmth enveloped her body. Rabbits, seeing the horsemen, were hiding in their little holes that were in the ground. In land of Vedentor the girl never saw rabbits; they have long been left these desolate and dangerous places.  
They had dismounted, removed ammunition from their horses to give them a break, and then rushed to the apple-tree. Edmund and Anna began to collect the apples that lay on grass; they hungrily were swallowing apples, shoving it in both cheeks. 
Staring at the people, John could hear their champing that seemed to him disgusting, but despite this, he didn't think to disturb them, because he knew that famine enveloped Vedentor. 
Moving away from them, the vampire began to look around; he was looking for Argus, who disappeared on halfway. Not finding the beast, he headed to the lake; on the way he began to unbutton the straps on his corset, he thought to wash the frozen blood off his body by pure water. Sitting on knees, John dipped his corset in water and carefully began to wash the dirt, staining the water red. After finishing, he put the thing nearby and then bent his head and began to wash his arms and shoulders. 
He washed his face and picked up the wet corset; he went back to the tree where there sat Anna and Edmund, leaning their back on the thick trunk of tree. 
Watching how he hangs the corset on a lower branch, the girl couldn't help but notice his ugly burn scar covering his right side ribs and abdomen. The rest scars on his body weren't noticeable.
''The sun is setting,'' she said.
''What?'' asked John, angrily looking at her.
''Time to go home,''
Then having directed his gaze at the last rays he replied:
''We'll spend the night here,''
Then Anna stood up and objected, not wanting to stay under open sky, but despite her entreaties and complaints the vampire stood his ground. 
''Edmund!'' John turned to the boy.
''Yes?'' 
''Do you remember Black Demon? Do you want to meet another one on the way home?'' 
Glancing at Anna, then at John, the boy shook his head, saying a clear ‘no’. 
''Night is more dangerous than daytime, if you want to die, then go!'' said the vampire, looking at Anna.
She frowned and stepped back, not wanting to argue with him.
''Well...good!'' said he, walked over to his horse and then saddled it.
''Where is he going?'' asked Ed, looking at the vampire who went towards the woods.
''I don't care,'' said the girl and went to the lake to get some water.
Edmund followed after her, fearing to stay alone with the darkness which was enveloping him. At the shore Anna saw a bright yellow light that emanated from the bottom of the lake, only upon closer inspection she realized that there grew flowers, she saw that for the first time. Forgetting about thirst, she stared at the beautiful plants which, seemed, were burning brighter with each minute. Suddenly Anna and Edmund heard footsteps behind; there was John with a bunch of dry branches in his hands - he went to the apple-tree. Having seen first sparks in the dark, the people immediately ran to him. 
Soon they were sitting near the warm fire, warming cold hands; they admired the only source of light in the pitch dark, listening howling and barking of gray wolves somewhere afar. The vampire sat a little farther from the fire, he didn't feel the cold. Sometimes he moved closer in order to throw a stick into the fire. 
Making sure that nobody looks at him, John took a rag from his pocket and began to look at the portrait; it seemed to him dearer than the real girl. Alternately directing eyes on the rag, then at Anna, he was comparing them, and the longer he did it, the closer the real girl became for him. He wanted to touch her long hair, her sweet smell beckoned him; without noticing, the vampire forgot about the rag - he stared only at Anna, listening her soft breathing. 
Feeling his eyes the girl turned around, then John turned his head away. 
Edmund stood up, walked closer to John and, looking into his eyes, picked up two dry branches from the ground, and then returned to the place; he pierced apple by the stick and threw it inside the fire. The fruit began to darken and pucker; soon the boy had tasted his labor and was delighted by the baked sweets.  
''What are you doing?'' asked the vampire, seeing this for the first time.
''I do my cooking. Very tasty, try it!'' replied the child, handing to him the charred branch with food.
''He is a vampire,'' slightly pushing him, whispered Anna.
Having heard her words, John sat down closer and, doing the same thing as the boy, began to eat a baked apple. Anna opened her mouth in surprise.
Seeing the sharp looks of the people, the vampire chewed a big piece of hot apple and then reluctantly swallowed it; he winced and threw the remnants to aside.
''Disgusting! You just ruined it!'' he said, picked up another fresh apple and then took a bite. ''Good apple-fresh apple,'' he added.
The boy agreed with him, but still continued to cook dinner over the campfire; the hot food warmed him.
Anna still could not believe her eyes, because in old books that she read is written that vampires feed only on blood and normal food for them is poison.
She was waiting for when he'll feel ill and his body will reject this food in order to justify books, but this did not happen. 
From the forest came a howl and growl, the noise was so loud that it seemed that a danger is very close. Anna and Ed stopped eating; they hastily began to dig the ground by hands and throw it into the fire to extinguish it. 
''Easy!'' said the vampire, grabbing the girl's hand to stop.
Without weakening grip he turned his eyes in the direction whence the noise came. Anna and kid also looked there, but because of the darkness they could see nothing. John could see everything, but despite his excellent night vision, behind the trees he didn't see anyone. John freed Anna's hands and then headed to the apple tree that was near them; he took his corset with sword and then came back. 
He put on his wet leather armor, put the sword beside and then ordered the boy to sleep. Edmund fell on his side near the fire. 
''You need to put out the fire, so as not to attract predators,'' said Anna.
''You'll freeze, stupid creature!'' replied John, tossing dry twigs into the flames.
''You are stupid!'' frowning, said the girl.
Then, having glanced at her, he grabbed her hand so tightly that she winced with pain.
''Hey! Do not speak with me by this way! By my will you're and your puppy still alive!'' 
''Why are we still alive, huh? Answer me this question, why did you protect me on these cliffs?'' boldly said she, looking into his dull yellow eyes.
But the vampire could not answer; her question hit him into a dead-end. John released her hand and silently headed toward Demon.
He saddled the horse, took reins of Anna's mare, and then rushed away.
After his departure Anna looked around; she extinguished the fire and lay down beside Edmund, embracing him tighter to stay warm. 
''He left,'' said the boy.
''Are you awake?'' 
''Yes. I'm afraid!''
Then Anna asked what he fears.
''Him,'' replied the child.


Chapter Nine.
DIFFICULT CHOICE.

By high speed John raced through the dark forest, moving away farther and farther from the lake. He didn't want to return to the people; the road which he followed was leading him to home. The vampire decided to condemn the city to death, and the idea, that he couldn't kill the human child with the girl, bothered him. 'I have disgraced my clan and father' thought he all the way, until he came upon a small cavalry squad. John stopped and looked closely to the dozen men; he recognized them - there were his brothers. 
''Hey!'' he shouted, approaching the squad from the rear. 
Turning around, the vampires recognized him immediately. 
''John!'' one after another they said.
Behind them on the cold ground there stood two barefoot men and one woman, who held a little blanket in her hands, firmly pressing it to chest. 
One of the vampires hit his black horse and went to John, a man, whose neck was wrapped with rope, stepped after him because he was tied to the saddle of this rider. The vampire stopped his horse near son of Valafar; the black-eyed began to examine John and the mare which he kept beside him.
''Whose is this horse?'' asked brother of blood.
''Stolen,'' replied John, looking at his bloody face.
''Where have you been all these days, your father is looking for you! We're looking for you!'' approached another one. 
''I found Vedentor,'' proudly said John.
Then the vampires fell into a silence for a moment; they couldn't believe their ears.
''Vedentor?''
''So, you were there all this time,''
''Now we do not need to pick out these creatures from under the ground!'' pointing on people, said one of the black-eyed.
John smiled and agreed with him, because most of the survivors live in mud huts, hiding by this way from enemies. 
Soon he told them about the city; the number of soldiers which guard the wall from morning till night. He also told about famine that struck the city, on what the vampires told him that it's not a big problem. He outlined all what he knew about the human shelter. The vampires admired and praised him, offering to taste the blood of one of the hostages, but John refused, citing the fact that he is not hungry. 
''Come on John, we were pulling them long time!''
''They're like worms, were deep under the ground!'' 
''You couldn't catch them? There are only three!'' grinned John.
''Not three, a dozen stayed there,''
''Wolves eat their meat right now!'' they laughed.
Listening to their laughter and watching their bloody smiles, it was clear to him that the vampires killed the rest of people in there.
At last John interrupted their fun; he mentioned about two defenseless people who were on a field in a couple of kilometers away.
''Why we need them if soon we will have the whole city?'' grinning, said one of the riders.
''Idiot! If Governor could hear you right now, you would lose your stupid head!'' replied the other. 
''We always need blood!'' 
''Show us, John!'' demanded they.
But he refused, offering to guard the hostages.
''The little kid and the girl are nimble, they can escape, it would be better to kill them on the spot,'' said the yellow-eyed.
Then there again came a loud laughter from the vampires. John looked at them; he falsely smiled and began to laugh. 
Looking at the shivering people, he thought that soon everything would fall into place, but the red-haired girl never left his head, he regretted that he picked up the rag in that night. He hated Anna because he couldn't kill her, and most of all he hated himself; he was ashamed of the fact that he showed mercy to the people. He wished that vampires urgently killed this big and unforgivable mistake, but he didn't want to see death and suffering of Anna by himself. Therefore, staying with prisoners, John began to explain to brothers, pointing in direction of the apple-tree. 
The vampires listened to him without interrupting. Finally the riders were ready to move on, but they were distracted by a loud crying of baby, who was wrapped in a blanket in hands of women. 
''Hush, hush,'' the woman tried to calm it down.
''Shut it!'' 
''What the hell you need this one? It has a little blood!'' said John.
''Valafar love young blood!''
''They feed them with milk, can you believe it?'' said one of them, trying to hold laughter.
''With milk!'' they laughed, almost falling from their horses therefore the kid began to cry even loudly.
John watched as the mother with tears in her eyes from all forces tried to calm the child. Despite the obnoxious cry on her face there weren't any anger or hatred towards it - she continued to carefully and gently to rock the baby in hands, kissing it little forehead. 
''Shut his fucking mouth!'' shouted the vampires.
Jumping off the horse and approaching the woman, black-eyed snatched the blanket from her hands, unfolded it, and then took the child. John watched how the brother was teasing the woman, holding the baby by leg; he raised it up, because of this the woman had to jump to get the baby back.
''Catch it!'' shouted the vampire, throwing the baby to John.
John reacted quickly and caught it.
''Throw it back!'' joyfully said the black-eyed.
The poor woman, weeping bitterly, ran to Demon and raised her hands, trying to pick up the child.
‘’Throw it to me, John!’’ 
Staring in the dark at the little creature, John heard no shouting, no loud laughter of brothers; the first time he was holding a baby. He had never seen newborn vampires, who immediately after birth were isolated from everyone. He held the kid in hands, stretching out in front of himself; it was a girl, her small hands gripped his thick fingers, squeezing them with force. Her eyes looked in different directions, but John's eyes were directed only at her. Frowning, he stared at her with great disgust, but despite this he didn't want to return her back to the vampires.
''John!'' finally he heard a very loud scream.
Turning his head, he drew attention to angry brother.
''Give it to me!''
Then again having looked at the baby, he froze in thought.
''You feel a pity for this crap?!'' said he.
Looking at them, John saw them puzzled face, then, recovering himself, he kicked the woman away from horse and handed the baby in the killer's hands. The vampire tilted the baby head aside and then buried his teeth in her little neck. After a short cry the baby fell in silent forever. The vampire threw the dead but still warm body into the nearest bush. Listening to the mournful cries of mother, the murderer wiped the blood from his lips by a black sleeve, and then he looked at John; he was interested in his reaction, but yellow-eyed as always was calm. 
Soon the vampire bared his sword and approached the woman who sat on her knees; he chopped her head off with one blow.
''Shut up!'' he said at last.
''Idiot! We'll return to castle with only two people?!'' the other riders began to scold him, pointing on scared men, who lowered their heads and pretended not to notice the two deaths.
''We still have a boy and a girl! They will be instead the loss,'' wiping the bloody blade on his pants, he said.
''I wanted to have some fun with them, you idiot!'' said one of them.
''You'll have fun…all of us!'' replied the murderer, climbing into a saddle.
Then all the vampires began to exchange glances among themselves and to laugh, except John. His heart was beating so fast that it seemed it will jump out of his chest. Looking on the dead woman, then on brothers, he was clearly worried; his hands began to tremble, and his eyes filled with bright light. 
''Follow me!'' said one of the brothers; he struck his stallion in the sides and headed for new prisoners.
The rest vampires immediately went after him.
''Wait!'' shouted John, watching them.
''What?'' said the vampires, turning around.
But they heard no an answer from yellow-eyed. John silently stood on the spot and looked at the people which sat on the cold ground, trembling with fear. 
Then the vampires again asked the son of their King what's wrong, but John again said nothing. His gaze was still directed at the lifeless, cold, headless body, which was enveloped by darkness.
''John? You want to say something?'' 
John's eyes gained a dull color. He pulled the reins and turned his horse in their direction; he slowly headed towards them.
''Coming with us?'' they asked.
''Yes!'' he said, standing beside brother who killed a woman with a child.
Then after a long mutual glance at the vampire, John took a dagger and stabbed him in his forehead, breaking his skull through. The dead vampire slid off his horse and with a loud blow fell on the ground. 
Other riders could not believe what had happened; with widely opened eyes they looked at the corpse and then at John, not understanding his act. 
''What did you do?'' 
John directed his furious gaze at them and then bared his sword. 
''Traitor!'' they shouted and also bared their swords, preparing to join the fight.
John mercilessly was killing them one after another, plunging a blade of his sword into their bodies. They asked for mercy, but he couldn't stop. The bright blood of the vampires spattered horses, their fur turned red; therefore the horses began to neigh loudly. 
Repulsing the attacks of brothers, John was chopping theirs hands off, in which they held the sharp swords. It seemed that nothing can stop him, but he didn’t notice that one of the riders approached him from the rear. Once again he plunged his sword into his brother's heart, but at the same moment he felt a strong pain in the back which soon covered his stomach. Lowering his eyes, he noticed a sword sticking out of his belly; behind him on his horse's back there was a vampire. The enemy grabbed him head by hands and dug his sharp fangs into his neck; John cried out in pain and fell on the ground from his horse, taking with him the brother. Another four vampires jumped off their horses and headed to the traitor, intending to kill him. 
''Now you will die!'' they said.
Lying on the side, John tried to pull the iron out from his body but his hand couldn't reach the hilt of the sword that was sticking in his back. Crawling away backwards from enemies, he forgot about his weapon which was dropped when he fall from the horse, and a nearest sword was inside his body that he couldn't get, but a vampire, who threw him from his horse, did him a favor; deciding to return the weapons, the vampire approached John, pulled the sword out of his body and with a quick movement had plunged it again in John's chest. 
John loudly screamed in pain; he pushed away the brother and, clutching with both hands the hilt, pulled the sword out from chest, therefore he began to bleed. But despite the pain and bleeding, he rose to his feet and again joined the battle; dodging the attacks. By one motion he chopped off the heads of two enemies, and the rest of them he killed with great cruelty - he ripped open the belly of one of them; he wrapped it intestines on hand, tore out them and threw it on the ground. 
The enemies dropped the swords and stepped back to their horses; they didn't want to go into the battle again. John's eyes filled with bright light of fury, illuminating his bloody face. Stepping to his brothers, he didn't listen to their pleas for mercy; he looked at them like a beast on his prey. He approached one of them and stabbed his sword right into his heart. Another black-eyed quickly saddled his horse and hit the animal with all force, hoping to escape. After a strong jerk, the horse fell on the ground, shouting loudly. The vampire didn't realize what had happened until he saw the severed rear hooves of horse which were lying on the ground. 
Grabbing the enemy by throat, John pressed him to the ground, looking his terrified look. Black-eyed felt hot drops of blood in his cheeks which were falling from face of the traitor. The last thing he saw was a yellow light, which burned his skin. The vampire dug his nails into the hands of traitor, John plunged a knife's blade into his forehead and soon the vampire fell silent forever. 
John killed the wounded horse and then fell to his knees in the middle of the corpses; he bowed his head, thinking about something. He stretched his bloody hands in front of himself and stared at them, as if regretting his actions.
''Thank you, thank you!'' he was distracted by voice of prisoners.
The men stood with tied hands and stared at him as on a hero. Barely rising on feet, John walked toward them, bleeding and limping. 
''Thank you!'' they said again.
John put his hand to one of them on the shoulder, had looked into his happy eyes and said:
 ''You're welcome,''
And at the same moment he broke him neck, then, grabbing another prisoner by shirt, he dug his teeth into it neck and began to greedily drink the blood, listening to his cries. 



***
Dawn. John was walking through the green field where grew the apple tree, he led a mare which belonged to Anna. A big piece of meat hung on his shoulder, wrapped by a rope - this piece was cut from a dead horse. Suddenly he heard an excited screaming of girl.
''Stop it, Edmund, please!'' 
Turning his attention to the cause of her cries, he stopped the stallion in surprise. There on the field were frolicking a black wolf and a boy; Argus was running across the field and Edmund was sitting on his back. Ed firmly clung into the thick fur of the beast and was laughing. Even after falling and rolling several meters across the ground, the boy never ceased to rejoice; he again and again was jumping on the predator's back. Once again the child fell from his back; Argus playfully grabbed his pants by teeth and began to drag him across the field.
After watching them John headed towards Anna; she was begging the child to stop, but in spite of all her entreaties Edmund continued to play with the dangerous predator until he noticed John. 
The wolf dropped the boy off the back and rushed towards John. He approached them and leaned his front paws on the stallion, trying to reach the vampire, but Demon moved back and reared, feeling the tight pressure of the animal's claws.
''Get out!'' shouted John and with all forces kicked the wolf on head, then with a loud squeal Argus retreated.
Standing near the water, Edmund and Anna froze; they stared at the vampire who was walking toward the apple-tree. He threw on the ground the piece of raw meat and, leaving his horse alone, headed to the lake. 
Without taking gaze, Ed and Anna stared at his body covered by dried blood from head to toe. Not knowing what had happened, they silently watched him, not having any courage to say something.  
John took off his holey corset, sat down near the water and began to wash himself. 
Coming closer, Anna looked at him with contempt, considering him a murderer, because the first thing that came in her mind is the death of people. Whose else blood may be on him?
After finishing, the vampire stood up and fixed his gaze on Anna, he saw hatred in her eyes. He picked up a leather corset and had dipped it in water for several times to wash away the dirt. 
''What happened?'' finally she asked, noticing a scar from bite on his neck.
''Nothing!'' 
''Were you attacked by vampires?'' approached Ed. 
Then John thought how smart this boy, but he decided to refrain from answering, he headed to the tree to lie down and rest after the rough night. 
When he had walked a few steps, Anna noticed that something fell out of his pocket. She stood on the spot and waited until the vampire walked away from the lost thing, finally she came closer. The girl learned this battered and dirty rag. She picked it from the ground and saw herself; her hands began to tremble.
''Where did you get this?!'' she shouted.
Her eyes began to fill with tears. Turning around, the murderer glanced at her and at the rag that was in her trembling hands. 
''Give it to me! It's mine!'' he got angry and quickly went to her to take away his thing.
Anna stepped backward; she didn't want to return him the rag. 
Grabbing her hand, John took the portrait back and then pushed the girl with such force that she fell on the ground. 
Anna stood up and ran up to the vampire; she began to beat him in face with full force.
''Where did you get this!'' she said, repeating this question again and again.
''Found!'' unable to withstand, shouted John and put the rag in his pocket.
''Whose blood is that! Whose blood! Who did you kill?!'' was shouting she, beating his face and abdomen.
The vampire winced from pain every time when Anna hit him in his new wounds, but he didn't dare to hit her back, therefore, stepping back, he put up with the attacks, not understanding her stupid behavior. 
''My father had this portrait! You killed him! Did you kill him?!'' with tears said she.
Sitting on knees, she covered her face with her hands to not to show the tears. The vampire looked at her and saw the sadness and grief which were filling her heart. 
''I found this on a river!'' by calm voice said John, trying to calm her down.
''I don't believe you. You're covered by blood and you have the thing that belong to my father!''
''It's not human blood,'' said he and sat down beside her on his knees.
''Whose then?'' 
John directed gaze on the bright sun, paused, and then answered.
''Vampires,''
''I don't believe you! You're a murderer, you hate people, you're always killing people! Every your word is a lie! You couldn't...tell me a truth!''
''What's the truth do you need?! I killed my brothers, all because of you!'' John got angry. ''I had to throw the rag back into the river!'' he said, then took out the portrait from his pocket and threw it under her legs. ''Take it!'' he added and stood up. 
Anna immediately took it in hands. 
''I found it a long time ago, before i saved a life of this little bastard!'' he said and went to the apple tree.
Anna was still sitting on knees, firmly holding the cloth. 
''He told the truth, I saw you long ago, when we still didn't know each other,'' approaching her, said Edmund.
Leaning back against the trunk of tree, John thought of something, looking at the bright sun. Soon he was distracted by Anna. Standing beside him, she looked into his bright yellow eyes.
''Why because of me and why did you leave us at night?'' she asked.
''I wanted them to kill you both while you sleep,''
''Why they didn't?'' after a pause she asked.
He glanced at her face and replied:
''I couldn't afford,''
''I don't understand you,'' she said and walked away.
''I don't understand myself also,'' quietly murmured John, looking after her.
He lowered his eyes and thought that now he has no home to come back to. His mind was depressed; looking at hands, he remembered every fatal blow which he had caused to his brothers that night. 
Very soon he built a fire and pointed the people to the piece of meat that he brought. They cut it into small pieces and began to roast it over the fire, enjoying such a rare treat. Argus sat beside them; whining quietly, he just looked at the food and begged to give him at least one piece.
Edmund threw him a large piece; the black wolf sharply attacked the meat and began to swallow it greedily.
John stood aside. Shrouded in the bright light he looked at the sun, his eyes were burning with yellow flame, making the scars on his body disappeared, giving him the former appearance. All the scars from wounds disappeared, except for one scar that was similar on a mark from a severe burn. He put on his corset and began to prepare the horses for long trip to Vedentor. Noticing this, Anna and the boy quickly started eating hot meat, fearing that John will once again leave them alone. 
Anna put the fire out and went to the apple tree. Raising a little sweater, she made a small bag; she began to pick the apples which were lying on the ground. 
''What are you doing?'' asked the vampire, noticing this.
''People in the city are starving, I want bring them a little apples,'' she replied, putting more fruits inside the sweater-bag.
John came up to her, grabbed her and then he spread her hands out to the sides; therefore all the apples fell on the ground.
''What are you doing!'' the girl was indignant.
''I will not allow! Let them die from hunger!'' he said, went to his stallion, and ordered her to follow him.
But despite his words she again began to collect the apples, then the vampire hit her hands.
''What's wrong with you! Here’re a lot of apples! There're children starving! 
''I don't care about these little bastards! I said, don't feed them!'' shouted he and, grabbing her hand, led to the horses. 

Chapter Ten.
BLOODY NIGHT.

To Vedentor they arrived before sunset; having stopped Anna near a border, John demanded to return the portrait to him, but she refused, wanting to return this thing back to her father. Seizing the reins of red horse, he didn't think to let them go as long as the cloth will not be in his hands. 
''Why you need it?'' she asked.
But John was silent, looking into her blue eyes. Anna thought for a moment and pulled out the rag from her pocket; she handed it to the vampire, he was very surprised and without hesitation took it. 
''No even thanks?'' said Anna.
''What?'' frowning, he asked.
''You should say 'thank you',''
''I don't thanks people...like you,'' with hesitation he said, pointing on her.
Anna rolled her eyes and headed towards the gate, but after a couple of steps she turned to look at the vampire.
''Thank you for changed your mind to kill us,'' she said in spite of his last words. She hit the horse and rushed home.
He stood in same spot, watching her until she disappeared behind the gates. In his head there were her last words; at that moment he felt a little guilty. A few minutes later, John realized that he forgot to tell her about next meeting, but he wanted to see her again. Examining the soldiers guarding the wall, he understood that he cannot pass in the town unnoticed, so he turned the horse in other direction and rushed off somewhere. 
He raced through the dark forest, from time to time stopping and listening to sounds; he was tracking down a squad. In this he was helped by black wolf; smelling the smell of people in a few kilometers, he picked up a trail and, showing the road, ran right toward them. John followed him; he needed to find the squad before the sun falls. 
Soon the beast stopped; he bared jaws and lay down on the ground, not taking his eyes from horizon. The vampire didn't see anything because of the thick trees, but close he distinctly heard the sound of galloping horses.
''Good boy,'' said John, praising Argus.
The vampire walked forward towards the sound; he clearly saw the squad that raced towards the city.
Hiding behind thick trunks of the trees, he followed them, moving parallel to the cavalry - this allowed him to choose a victim. Because of the noise and the darkness the warriors didn't hear and didn't see the vampire - it was a big advantage for him. He moved almost on their sight like one of them; he began to circumvent the squad on all sides. 
As always, four front and four rear riders were holding torches. John thought about how he could carry out his plan unnoticed, but the light from the torches messed the plan up, not allowing him to remain invisible for the warriors. 
He noticed a young rider in the middle of the squad, who all the time jumped out of the line, trying to cope with unruly white horse - John chose him. Stepping by gallop parallel to him, he waited for the right moment - this victim was easy, he thought; the light from the torches did not reach to the middle of the long line, so it seemed very simple to steal this man in the dark. 
The sun had almost sunk below the horizon, so John had to act quickly. He prepared a rope and a loop to fling it on the man's head; he run up closer and was ready to do the deed, but he was distracted by another rider at the beginning of the squad. He learned this man on a grey horse. 
''Dolan,'' whispered John, forgetting about the young man.
Watching the commander, he wanted to kill him at that moment with all his heart. The hatred and anger began to break the vampire from inside. Pulling a dagger from the belt, he was determined to take the life of the old friend. But this man was enveloped by bright light, John knew that he could get to him and kill him, but there were a hundred warriors with which he will not be able to cope. Therefore, having overcome the anger, he stepped back in the middle of the line, sparing the commander, as he believed, for a while. 
Moving parallel to the victim, the vampire chose a moment, came closer and from a distance threw a noose on the neck of the young rider. John hit the stallion and rushed away, holding a piece of rope in hands.  
By strong jerk the young man fell to the ground; grabbing the rope on his neck, he didn't understand what was happening. Demon raced with all speed, dragging the man who was coughing and groaning from the choking. John heard panic behind, but there were no pursuit because the soldiers saw nothing, they even didn't understand what happened to the soldier and where he's gone.
John dragged the man away on fifty meters and stopped the horse; he took out a knife and approached the victim. He was still alive; with wheezing he was trying to remove the loop out of his neck, he fought for his life, but his struggle didn't last long. John calmly slit his throat; bright red blood gushed to the ground, emitting a warm steam.
The murderer began to remove armor from his body, listening to the last sounds of life coming from lips of the dying man. At the time when John put on the silver armor, Argus began to tear off pieces of warm meat from the body, quickly swallowing them.
Finally the vampire put on a helmet, saddled the horse and headed toward the cavalry. The soldiers even did not notice the enemy who joined them, because he was no different from them, so the riders accepted him. 
They overcame the border and rushed across the field to the opening gates; a few minutes later John was inside the city. He did everything in exactly as the others. Not showing the face, the vampire brought Demon to the horse stable and left him there; he went to look for Anna. He knew these streets because he saw them not for the first time. 
Tired soldiers were crowding in the narrow streets. Moving deeper into the city, John lowered his head down to not show his yellow eyes. He overpassed almost the whole city, looking into every window; finally he found what he was looking for. Anna and Ed already were asleep, wrapped in a warm blanket. 
The vampire entered the house and examined the cold and uncomfortable room; he walked across the creaky floor like in his own home. He was touching everything in sight. John closed the door, took off the armor and then sat down near the bed, thinking to wait in there all the night until the dawn, so then he can leave the city through the open gate.
Dead silence enveloped streets of the city; soldiers were asleep, and those, who guarded the walls, also indulged in slumber. Behind the door the vampire rarely heard slow steps. He knew that there were soldiers who were doing a night crawl, so he couldn't go outside - he didn't want to raise the alarm. Sitting in silence and listening to the quiet breathing of sleepers, he felt anger and hatred which overwhelmed him. It was disgusting to be in the enemy refuge; a human smell was coming from outside, that was disgusting for the vampire. 
He was bored, the night seemed endless, he stood up to once again walk through the small room and again sat down on the spot, listening to the soldiers on street. He was angry until he heard a dull knock that sounded on the roof. Lifting up his eyes and smelling the scent that blew from the window, he realized that it's going to rain. 
Drop by drop fell from the sky, washing away the dirt from small houses. Most of soldiers hid in shelters, not wanting to get wet under the cold rain, only those who guarded the walls were standing under the rain. John opened the door and came out; he was standing under the powerful waterfall, enjoying the smell. His clothes were soaked by rain, but he didn't feel the cold because of high body temperature. He stood and stared on the lifeless houses, sensing the smells of the sleeping people. 
Soon he took off his corset and went to wander the streets, tightly clutching a sharp knife in his hand. 
Freely walking around in the guise of enemy like in own home, John looked in every window. Finally he opened the door of one of the houses and went inside. On the floor there slept a man of about forty and a woman of the same age. On a small bed that stood beside them there slept three small children, hugging each other to keep warm. Looking around, John approached the man and sat down on his knees; he put his palm to his mouth, pressed him to the floor by knee, and then he cut his throat. Hot blood poured down on the bed. 
The man wide opened his frightened eyes and tried to scream, but his mouth was closed by John's hand. The vampire held him until he died. The murderer wiped the knife on a blanket, left the house and went to another one . 
The rain was washing the blood away from his naked torso. He entered into every house where there were males; he quietly was killing them, slitting their necks. He didn't pay any attention to children and women, his target were the soldiers that are able to hold a sword in their hands.
Fifty men were slaughtered that night. Without any regret he took life of these people, whether it be the eighteen year old young guy, or old man of seventy, all of them were equal for him, because they were warriors and defenders of the city.
With the end of the rain John returned to house of Anna; he sat down on the floor, listening as the water drops fall down from his hair. 

***
Waking up at dawn, the girl was frightened when she saw near her the vampire. Edmund was sitting on edge of the bed and ate an apple.
''How did you get here, and how you entered the city?!'' 
''We're leaving soon, get ready!'' said the vampire and threw an apple on her bed.
''You just sat here? All night?'' asked Anna, eating the apple.
''Almost. Get ready!'' he answered.
Then Anna ordered the vampire to look away; she put on a blue dress, washed her face in the barrel with water, and then opened the door to make sure that no one sees. She had noticed corpses that lay in one heap on the ground, she had forgotten about her guest. The women of the dead men held their kids on hands; they were standing aside with tears in their eyes.
''Anna!'' came a voice nearby.
She drew attention - there was Dolan. The man approached her, took her hand and embraced.
''Are you okay?'' he asked.
''What happened?'' 
''They were all killed in the night,'' replied the commander.
Then the girl didn't even ask who did it, because she knew, therefore the blood in her veins began to freeze.
''This is not for the first time. Today we will stay here. Did you hear anything last night?'' 
''No... no...,'' she said intermittently.
Silently standing in the house, John was ready to strike to Dolan a fatal blow by knife if he would come in, but, fortunately, the commander did not go inside the house; by this way he escaped death. 
After talking some with Dolan, Anna went back into the house and directed her eyes on John, not knowing what to say. In his yellow eyes she had not seen a single drop of regret.
''Let's go!'' he ordered.
Hiding his face, the vampire grabbed the girl by hand and headed for the door, but by a sharp movement she stepped away, not wanting to go with him. 
''Come on!'' he said and again took her hand.
But Anna repeated her stubbornness.
''What's the matter?!'' asked John.
But he didn't hear an answer from her.  Anna stood on the spot, long and angry looking at the murderer. Finally she went outside and briskly walked to the stables. He didn't understand anything and went after her, avoiding meeting face to face with soldiers. Edmund this time stayed in Vedentor.  
John and Anna saddled their horses and came out of the gate, but before they could move towards the woods they were stopped by Dolan. The man hastily walked up to Anna and began to question her where she go.
''We go hunting...for birds,'' she said.
Standing beside her in a regular shirt and without any armor, the man drew attention to the rider that was sitting on a black stallion. Dolan didn't see his face, but the warrior seemed a little strange. John kept a close eye on him; he pulled reins of the horse and approached closer the commander, hating the old friend. 
Noticing the bad intentions of the vampire, Anna took the commander hand and said:
''I'll be back!''
''Okay. I'll assign you another rider, so I'll be calm then,'' said Dolan and again glanced at John, who like a hungry beast was eating him by his eyes.
''Not necessary!'' immediately said Anna. ''Adrian is a good soldier. We'll not go far away, I promise!'' said the girl, pointing to John.
''Are you sure?'' asked the commander.
"Yes," said Anna, hit the horse and then rushed through the field.
The vampire deliberately bypassed Dolan from all sides, looked at him and then rushed after the girl.

***
After overcoming a few kilometers away, Anna stopped. 
''What's wrong?'' John also stopped his horse.
But she didn't want to talk to him, she frowned, and her eyes were overflowed by hatred and anger. Then, despite her behavior, the vampire dismounted and began to remove the silver armor, which had a nasty human smell.
''You killed them!'' she said finally.
John threw aside a helmet and directed his gaze on her. 
''So what? Those fifty bastards deserved to die,'' without regrets he said.
''You came into my house and committed mass murder! Who gave you that right!'' 
''I gave myself that right! They are people and I hate people!'' 
Then Anna dismounted also and walked over to the vampire.
''I'm human. Why am I still alive?!'' 
''You're not like these vile creatures,''
''I'm the same! I'm a human! My parents are people, their parents were people, and my children will be people! I'm the same! Why am I here? Why?!'' she screamed, pushing him in the chest.
''Why are you reacting this way, you didn't even know these slain, they're not your family,'' 
''They were my family! All the people living in the city – one big family! I knew these men!'' she said, listing names of the victims.
He was stunned of her words. Listening to the names of those killed, John was silent, not knowing what to say.
''You brought to their families grief and pain!'' 
''I didn't touch no kids, no women,'' proudly he said.
''You wounded them!''
''Not true!'' 
''You had wounded them in heart! You killed beloved husbands, excellent fathers, and mighty warriors! When someone dies, the people who loves them also lose a part of their life. You killed no fifty people last night, you killed more!'' 
John was silent, in his heart there were no anger or compassion, he just remained silent, looking into the blue eyes of Anna. 
''Yesterday I thought you're different...I thought...,'' she said and paused.
Standing in silence in the middle of the trees, the vampire stared at the girl, he was worried.
''Come on!'' he finally said and ordered her to ride a horse.
They quickly reached the white cliffs, inhabited by saber-toothed tigers. Anna didn't want to rise again to the dangerous predators, but after a short time John convinced her to go. They passed the animals with head lowered and came to top of the cliff from where they could see Vedentor. 
John sat down on the edge and invited her to sit down near him, putting his hand on the place where she had to sit. Anna did what he said. John raised his head and, looking at the bright sun, took the rag from his pocket. He handed the portrait to Anna.
''I can get it?'' she asked.
''No. You asked me yesterday how I got it,''
''So how?'' looking him in eyes, she said. 
Then he took the thing back.
''I'm not lying when I say that I found it. I was chasing squad, then I came across a river, there I picked up your portrait. Then I met Edmund and brought him to you. When you met him I recognized you and wanted to...,''
''What?'' 
''I wanted... don't know...,'' he said and looked away.
They were sitting in silence, examining the infinite horizon; within ten minutes they didn't say a single word.
''I was scared of you all my life and I'm still scared. But you're not like how I imagined,'' not taking eyes from the horizon, said Anna.
''So what do you think then?'' 
''You're different. You're a murderer, but...,'' 
''But?'' 
''You saved a human child, this means you're not like them - your brothers. In your heart there is a place for good,''
''There is no such a place!''
''Everyone has a place, even if it is a small drop in an ocean,''
Then the vampire thought.
''Long before I met you, for the first time I killed my brothers because of a little girl, they tried to feed wolves by her. I saw fear and despair in her eyes, I felt a pity - this is shame for any vampire. I don't know what's going on with me,''
''Feelings,''
''Feelings?'' 
''Yes. They come from here,'' having put her hand on his heart, she said.
''No! Feelings are common for humans, weak and stupid,'' 
''Feelings do not make us weak!'' 
''You have families; you are vulnerable and helpless...,''
''Families makes us stronger. You do not understand; you, vampires, are different from us. You live for killing and proud of your cruelty,''
''So what you live for?'' 
''For people who I love, for my family, for children. Although it is not the best time for us, but one little child's smile brings a bit of peace and love in our hearts,'' she said, smiling.
''Love?'' 
''Yes. An invisible thread that binds us all together,''
Soon the smile from her face disappeared.
''Hard to live and know that one day you will come for us,'' looking at the vampire, she said.
''Nobody will touch you,''
''My life will end with them. Sooner or later you're going to tell your father about us,''
''He's not my father,'' said John, lowering his head.
''But everyone says...,'' 
''He's not my father! Valafar raised me as his own son,''
''Where are your real parents then?'' 
''I don't know, I don't care,''
''But your eyes, what's wrong with your eyes. You're not afraid of the sun, maybe your father was a man?''
''Don't say that!'' raising his voice, he ordered.
''I didn't...,'' frightened said Anna. ''Your mind is filled with hate. Cast it and let me show you, what it is like to be a human! Sooner or later you will bring your army to our walls, so I have nothing to lose,''
After that they again were enveloped in silence. 
''I wanted to ask,'' said Anna.
''What?'' 
''The scar from burn that you have on the ribs, how you got it?''
''Why?'' 
''I need to know! My mother died when I was a kid. Vampires came to our house and burned it, my mother was burned,'' 
''No, it wasn't me. This scar I have from childhood. The only scar that never fades,''
Then Anna sighed with relief.
''What happened?'' she asked.
''I don't know. Fire can't hurt me and this mark is clearly not from a burn. As far as I remember myself, I always had,''
They sat in silence, mutually looking at each other. At times the vampire was asking the girl about her family and life, hoping to learn more about her, but when she was asking him about his life, he wasn't answering.
John brought her to the city before sundown. Saying goodbye, they parted until a next day. John liked those conversations on the cliff; he learned Anna from the other side, he felt peace and tranquility. Looking through the trees at the enemies that were guarding the walls, he didn't feel hatred and anger towards them. Remembering the words of Anna, he thought that at her city he doesn't kill anyone else. 
At night, when all were asleep, John snuck over the wall. In the darkness the warriors didn't see him, a fatigue and a strong desire to sleep had not enabled them to hear well. 
The vampire wandered the streets of Vedentor in his normal kind, avoiding encounters with enemies that were doing a night bypass; he was on his way to Anna's home.
Sitting on the floor near the bed like last time, he watched her sleep; hugging Edmund, she was fast asleep, muttering from time to time something under the nose. 
Before dawn John went outside, there were emptily and quiet. He walked between houses, avoiding every noise. Examining boxes with weapons and strange drawings on the ground, he pulled out apple from his pocket and was ready to bite it, but when he turned around he shuddered. In front of him there stood a boy, shaggy, skinny and dirty. John didn't understand how the little dodger managed to get close to him so quietly. Behind the kid there stood a little girl, younger than him, but they were similar, it was not difficult to guess that they were brother and sister for each other. The guys were exhausted and could hardly stand on slender legs. ‘Freaks,’ thought John, looking at them. 
The boy didn't know that he is standing in front of his enemy; he was thinking that John is a man. The little man scratched his dirty brown hair and began to stare on the apple that was in John's hands.
''You stink as hell! Go home!'' pushing the child, he ordered.
Making a half-step back, the child was still looking at the fruit. Then John realized what he needed; he looked at the sweet fruit and said:
''Do you want this?''
The child nodded and stretched out his arm to the vampire. Then John threw the apple on the ground, right under the feet of the boy.
''I hope you choke!'' he said and walked away.
Heading to the house of Anna, behind he heard a loud ‘thank you’, John turned around and saw how this thin boy gave the apple to his sister. ‘Idiot’ thought John, but at the same moment the dirty little boy ran to him and hugged in thanks for the apple. He raised his little head, looked into his yellow eyes and said again ‘Thank you.’
Frowning and looking into his eyes, the vampire was confused, but soon he grabbed him by shirt from behind and pushed away. 
''Go away, silly kid!'' whispered he, but despite his words, the boy smiled, nodded and then ran to his sister. 
Then John sighed and, rolling his eyes, walked away.

***
Through a loud murmur of a river could be heard a joyful laughter of Edmund; he watched John, who, standing waist-deep in water, tried to catch fish with his hands, but prompt tailed creature slipped from his hands and hit him in the face. 
Tossing dry twigs into a fire, Anna was closely watching them, on her face from time to time there appeared a smile. 
''You can't!'' shouted the boy.
After these words the vampire pulled out a big fish and threw it on the ground and then he ran after Edmund to catch him. Grabbing him by shirt John began to touch his face by hands which smelled by fish.
''Laughed at me, huh?!'' repeated he.
But Ed continued to laugh, considering the action of vampire like a game, but John didn't play with him, he was just trying to upset him.
''Deranged!'' said John, not understanding why he rejoices. 
He sat down next to Anna, took a big fish and, having pierced it through a branch, thrown into the fire. The boy long and tedious was washing his face and hair in the river. 
''Ugh, the smell!'' sitting next to the girl, said Ed.
John smiled when saw the sad eyes of the kid, but the smile immediately left him when he again noticed joy on the face of Edmund. 
''Why are you laughing?!'' he was surprised.
But the child, unable to hide a smile, didn’t answer.
John watched the people having dinner and had remembered about the recent morning. 
''Today I gave an apple to a boy, and he gave it to other girl,'' he said to Anna.
''So this girl was his sister,''
''So what? Stay hungry then? Instead to feed himself, this idiot fed...,'' 
''He's not an idiot! Many of the children are orphans, like Edmund. This girl is everything that he has, he sacrificed himself to save her!'' interrupted Anna.
''To save another, that's stupid,'' 
''It's not stupidity, it's love! I told you already what a family is,'' 
''Family makes you weak!'' 
''Family makes us human!'' 
''And he? pointing on Edmund, said John. ''He's not your son and not your brother!'' 
''It's not important. Anyone can be a part of our family, it doesn't depend if you're native or not,''
Then the vampire was deep in thought.
On the way back to Vedentor they met Argus. The vampire was glad to see the beast that was missing for a long time. 

Chapter eleven.
GOOD DAYS.

In the deep night the guards on walls excitedly gazed to somewhere, demanding to call the commanders. Having opened the gate, Nestor and Dolan saw a black horse, which obediently and quietly stood near the wall. Ten men bared their swords and headed towards it, cautiously looking around. Two long ropes were tied to a saddle of the horse and on the ground there lay two big and dirty bags. 
Cautiously having approached the horse, Nestor cut the ropes, after which the animal at once dashed into the woods. Slightly opening one of the bags, he was surprised.
''What is it?'' asked one of the soldiers, in horror looking around.
Then the commander called Dolan to show.

***
In the early morning the girl and the boy were awakened by loud voices of inhabitants. They went out in street; they had noticed that in this morning there wasn't a smell of porridge as usual. But also they noticed another - every child and woman had a few green apples in their hands.
Anna headed to the table where there were boilers; there she saw two bags from where the people took the apples. Edmund ran to it and grabbed a couple then he went back and handed one to Anna. Watching the happy faces of the peoples, Anna was very surprised.
After meeting with John at their usual spot in the woods, Anna thanked him. The vampire was silent; he went to Demon. Edmund, jumping off his horse, went to Argus and began to stroke him, pulling his long ears. 
The girl did not notice why the vampire bent down, but soon she saw two deer carcasses; John dragged them to her and began to tie them to a saddle of her mare. Looking at him, she was stunned. 
This for us?'' asked she.
''Yes... let them choke,'' with long pauses he said and walked away from her.
''I don't know what to say,'' she said, looking at his eyes.
''Just go! I hunted them for whole night!’’ he said frowning.
''Thank you!'' Anna said and headed toward the city.
''You have to come back!'' he shouted after her.
On the way home she was smiling. There she was met with joyful shouts and questions how she managed to catch them, but she didn't say anything.  

***
Sitting on that cliff on edge and looking somewhere into the distance, Anna and John listened to the soft rustle of leaves and the singing of circling birds in the sky. Not far from them was sitting Edmund on his knees; he built a castle, piling stones on each other. 
''You did a good thing by feeding hungry people. I didn't think you could do that. In your heart there's light,'' turning to the vampire, said the girl.
John looked at her and fell silent, not knowing what to say.
''What did you feel when you did it?'' 
''Hatred,''
''Then why did you...,'' 
''I don't know. Just shut up!'' he interrupted her.
For a long time looking into his yellow eyes, she finally picked up a small stone and took the vampire's hand, but John immediately took his hand back from the unexpected touch. 
''Give me your hand, dumbass,'' she said.
 Then he slowly stretched out his hand and felt her warm skin. The girl put the stone in his wide palm and helped him to make a fist. 
''Why do I need this stone? You silly creature!''
Rolling her eyes, Anna replied:
''Squeeze it as hard as you hate us,''
Then the vampire did what she said. Even Ed heard the sound of crunchy bones. Soon John unclenched his fist, his palm was red. 
The girl took the stone and threw it down from the cliff. 
''Let fly your anger and hatred with it,''
Then John smiled, therefore his eyes filled with bright yellow light. 
''Why do you have such of eyes?'' 
''From birth. My eyes fill with light when I look at the sun,’’ he said, but his eyes were directed not at the bright star - they were directed on the red-haired girl, due to this the bright light in his eyes was kindled even more. ''Wherever I was, I always followed the sun, it gives me strength,''
''You're a vampire, you're the first in your kind with that gift,''
''Yeah, but being without sunlight for more than five days my eyes lose their color and become black, the body becoming cold, and then I am no different from my brothers,''.
''How can you explain that?'' 
''I don't know,''
''And that scar on your face, it doesn't go?''  
''He is also from my childhood,''
''Aren't you curious to know about it? Who are your parents?''
''No, I'm not interested. I don't care about my real parents, I never had them and never will, so why should I try at least to remember something about that I never had?'' 
''I don't remember my mom, when she was killed. But I know she was and I love her, even though she's not with me,''
With a sigh John turned his gaze to horizon.
''I have often wondered why I was different. I was escaping from home when I was a boy, but I never thought about father and mother. Because...,'' 
''Because?'' 
''I'm afraid of truth,''
''Which truth? You really don't want to know?''
''I am afraid, what if one of my parents is a human, there is no way to explain the fact that the sun does not burn me,'' looking at Anna, he said.
''A human...big problem, I agree,'' she said resentfully.
''Hey!'' noticing the sadness replied the vampire and took her hand. ''All my whole life I thought you were animals which not able to think...But after meeting you and this stupid boy I... now I see you,''
''That doesn't matter. We are on verge of extinction, John. All because of you,'' she said and pulled her hand from his grasp.
The next couple of hours they sat in complete silence, watching the birds. No thought came into their heads; they just were examining the horizon, trying to find something new in there. 
The silence was broken by Edmund; he was bored and demanded to return to the city.
All night John was sitting in thought, severe anxiety filled his heart. In his hands he held a portrait of Anna, illuminating it with light of his eyes. Beside him there dozed Argus; hiding his nose from a small wind, he from time to time twitched his rear paws. John didn't know what it means to sleep. Vampires never slept. After the last conversation with Anna he did not regret more about that he killed his brothers for her, and it's wildly frightened him. 

***
Morning in Vedentor started with smell of fried meat. 
''This black horse again was here at night and brought the carcass of deer,'' one of soldier explained to Anna, pointing on a dead deer.
''Someone feeds us!'' excitedly said one of them.
''Whoever it was, I must say thanks to him!'' 
''This someone can be our enemy, why would someone do that?'' 
Listening to the discussions of men, Anna smiled, because she knew who did it. Suddenly someone pulled her by sleeve of her dress. Turning around, she saw Edmund; the boy was clearly upset.
''They took it all!'' sadly said the kid 
Arriving at the place, where a thin woman was handing out venison, Anna noticed indignant people. 
''What happened?'' having approached one of the women, she asked.
Then the woman pointed on the king's house.
''They took more than half of the deer and carried it away. The remaining part was taken also, and how should I feed my children? Again porridge? I promised them to bring meat stock, my kids are sick!'' said the woman.
Then Anna looked into the hungry eyes of Edmund and then went to the king's hall. She opened the door and stopped at the doorstep. On a large wooden table there were sitting Dalis and his family. Three soldiers drew on the girl attention; they showed her the door and told her to go away.
''What do you want, Anna?'' said the king, shoving the meat in his mouth.
On the dining table there was not only the venison - there also was a bowl full of apples.
''Why so much was taken? You will not eat all, there children are starving and you get your belly full of food,'' indignantly said she 
But without waiting for a response she was driven out of the room. Then, finding in the city Dolan, Anna told him about it, to which he replied that the king can afford to do whatever he wants.
''What kind of king is he, if he doesn't care about his people? What did he do to be in charge? You risk your lives every day, protecting Vedentor, and he hides in his house like a coward! He's not even a warrior!'' resented Anna.
''You forgot how did we get here? He is a founder of this city, so be grateful to him for that! Like you, Anna, I feel sorry for these people, but I can't do anything,'' said Dolan.
After his words she didn't say anything and walked away, not wanting to talk to him anymore. She saddled her horse and raced off into the forest together with Edmund, where they, as always, met John. They headed to the apple tree. 
Upon arrival, the boy began to walk around the tree, searching for at least one piece of fruit to breakfast. But there weren't apples; on the ground there lay only a couple of rotten apples, but this didn't bother the child; he picked one and began to bite a part where there was less rot. 
Nearby the vampire was trying to convince Anna to pat Argus, but she didn't dare, explaining to John that she is afraid of the big beast. 
''Not all creatures that look scary are dangerous,'' said the vampire, then took her hand and put it to a thick black fur of wolf.
Her hand touched the head of wolf; therefore her thin legs began to tremble
''Easy!'' said John and, while still holding her wrist, put her palm on the back of Argus.
The beast was friendly; wiggling by long ears, he looked at the child and listened to his perturbations towards an ugly apple. Then by a strong jerk he jumped away from adults and rushed to the boy to find out what the child is doing. 
Anna screamed in surprise and fell on the ground.
''Stupid dog!'' shouted the vampire.
The predator threw Ed on the back and took the breakfast from his hands. 
''It's mine!'' shouted the boy, trying to take his breakfast back.
But the black wolf, baring his jaws, chased him away from himself and then began to chew the apple, but immediately he spat it out and began to cough, wanting to get rid of the nasty taste. 
''What is it?!'' arrived John.
''He took my apple!'' pointing at Argus, said the child.
''I dragged deer at night, it was impossible to eat in town?'' 
''No,''
''So why?'' 
''The king took it all, John,'' explained Anna.
''You couldn't take it back or what?'' he was indignant.
''No,''
''Stay hungry then, idiots!'' said John and walked away.

***
At night he again entered into Vedentor. His goal was a two-storey house. 
He climbed up the wall on the second floor and found himself inside the bedroom of Dalis. His room was spacious; lots of nightstands of various sizes stood along the walls. First and foremost the vampire noticed things which randomly were lying on the wooden floor. On big bed there slept the king who was hugging his wife. Quietly approaching the bed, John watched them. 
Finally, having pushed a blanket aside, John closed his mouth by hand, by knee pinned him to the bed, then he pulled a knife and stabbed the king in the stomach. The man woke up from severe pain and, kicking, tried to scream. The vampire slowly led the blade from his navel to his throat, but when he reached the ribs he was distracted by wife of Dalis; she woke up and began to scream loudly. Therefore John pulled the knife out from the king and killed the woman, breaking her skull.
Bleeding and writhing from the wild pain, the king slid to the floor and barely audible began to call for help, trying to hold the guts by hand. His screams were not for long; the murderer smashed his head against the floor with one blow of his foot.   

***
''Their death on my conscience,'' said Anna, sitting beside John on the white crag.
''You said that he takes away your food. I'm not going to hunt for his sake!'' 
''But why did you kill his wife?'' 
''Because she's his woman,''
''Then in the stable you also took life of both. Do you remember that man?'' 
''He punched Edmund,'' said the vampire, pointing on the boy who was nearby and threw stones.
''Okay, but why you killed his wife?'' 
''Because she also was his woman!'' 
''I mean, she was guilty because her husband had committed such an act?'' 
''Yes!'' 
''No! They are not responsible for them, as well as their children. Why take the life of those whose loved ones have made mistakes? You took their lives and gave the city another orphans. You took their parents!'' 
''What do you think, what was I supposed to do?'' 
''Leave the women alone!'' 
Then John looked up in surprise at Anna.
''Only them? So you don't care about death of the king?'' 
''I'm not glad about that, but also I am not upset. I never loved him. Today you have fed more children than Dalis for all his entire reign,''
''Are you thanking me?'' 
"No," she said, looking him in eyes. ''Or... I don't know. You have to understand that other people are not to blame for the crimes of their loved ones,''

At the foot of the rocks John taught the boy to ride. Having tied a long rope to a halter of Demon, the vampire drove the horse around himself.   
Sitting in the saddle, Edmund clutched with both hands in the horse's mane, afraid to fall, because the animal stumbled over the stones that lay on the ground. 
''Grab the reins in hand and straighten your back!'' said John.
Despite a smooth trot of the horse the child slid to the side and fell down, having scratched his hands against the stones.
''Get up!'' ordered John.
Then Edmund again saddled the horse and continued his training, despite the aching bruises.
Anna didn't bother them because, seeing happy eyes of the child, she understood how he wants to learn how to ride. 
Sometimes Argus ran up to the young rider and, jumping up, was trying to reach him, but after angry shouts of John the animal stepped aside, but not for long.
When sky was illuminated by bloody sunset, the people and vampire began to prepare to go to Vedentor before darkness. Edmund saddled the red mare and, staring at John, waited for Anna. 
''Wait!'' said the vampire, seeing as the girl climbs into a saddle.
''What's the matter?'' 
Approaching her, he took her hand and brought to Demon.
''You'll come with me, let him show us what he has learned,'' he said, pointing to the child.
''No, I still can't'' fearing, explained Ed.
Then the girl went back to her horse, but John immediately grabbed her by waist and took her in his arms; he planted her in a saddle of his horse and then climbed up himself. 
''You go yourself!'' he repeated, turning to Ed.
Edmund took the reins with trembling hands and was ready to move on. He coped well with training, but the long road terrified him. The boy waited, glancing at John and Anna, who was sitting behind him. 
Anna hugged the vampire behind in order not to fall out of the saddle. John hit the horse in the ribs and rushed along the stones to the trees. After few minutes the child also followed them. 
He lagged behind; fearing the high speed, the boy often slowed down his horse, thereby, the vampire had to stop also and wait for him all the time. 
When they reached the city John praised Edmund despite his mistakes. Then he grabbed Anna and took her off the saddle. 
"Thank you," turning to the vampire, said the boy and headed to the city on the horse. 
John nodded in response, watching after him. 

***
Each new day began with their meeting. Near Anna John forgot about his hatred and anger to mankind. Every morning in the city was beginning with the smell of boiled, stewed and roasted meat. People have forgotten about famine; there were no more deaths from hunger. Children gained weight, and their mothers always had a smile on their faces. Anna watched as gladness bloomed in eyes of the residents, therefore her heart was overflowed with happiness.
Every night John was in the city; he spent all the time with the red-haired girl, though she even didn't know about that. Little by little studying the people, he began to see the difference between his kind and the human race. It seemed to him that he knew nothing about them before. He did not consider them animals any more, but for him they were still stupid, as usual.
At the end of each day John and Anna talked a lot, often watching the sunset. Each conversation between them gave birth to affection and trust to each other. John liked her hairs which were plaited in a long braid; sometimes asking her permission, he often touched them. 

***
Toward evening, under thick foliage of tall trees, there sat Edmund; he was eating a fish. His hands were dirty. He was pulling out the sharp bones of the fish and, throwing them on the ground, watched Anna who was knee-deep in water. John was sitting beside the boy on a fallen tree and also stared at the girl; listening to the loud murmur of the river, he looked how she was trying to wash a grease spot from her dress. 
After eating the child threw the frail spine of the fish aside and began to wipe his dirty hands on his shirt, for that he received a slap on his head from John. Without thinking Edmund hit him back and, taking this for a game, smiled. But immediately having noticed the serious face of the vampire, his smile disappeared.
''Did you hit me?'' 
The child said nothing.
''Do you want to die?'' 
The boy shook his head and said no. Then John moved closer to him still with serious and, seemed, angry look.
''It will be in your heart,'' said John, putting his hand on the hilt of his dagger.
Edmund looked at the knife. After a long silence he smiled again.
''Why are you smiling?'' surprised the vampire.
''You can't kill me!'' 
''How can you be sure about this?'' 
''You're good,''
John still angrily stared at him, but soon he couldn't help smiling. The vampire firmly grabbed the kid and started rubbing by fist the top of his head, causing his golden hair became shaggy.
''Stop it!'' laughed Ed, trying to escape from his strong grip.
Anna turned to them; having noticed the smile and laughter of John, she was stunned, because he was laughing sincerely for the first time. At that moment she realized that the vampire, of whose she was afraid her whole life, is not the same a cold-blooded murderer as before. 
Noticing her gaze, John released the boy.
''You love her!'' said Ed, seeing his piercing look on Anna.
''What?'' frowning, asked he.
''My dad looked at my mom, like you at her right now - he loved my mom,'' said the child. 
''Shut your mouth and saddle your horse!'' muttered John and went to Anna.
‘Stupid boy,’ he thought, approaching the girl. 
''Well, how it going on?'' asked he, addressing to Anna.
Anna shrugged and pointed to a wet spot on her dress. 
''I don't know, we'll see,'' she replied.
She looked up on his head, stretched out her hand toward his hair and took something. John looked more closely and saw a fish bone in her palm, then he turned to Edmund who was sitting on horseback, trying to hold back laughter. 
''Thank You, Anna!'' said the girl, addressing to the vampire.
Then, smiling, he took her hand and repeated these three words.

After many days of training, Edmund well knew how to ride horses, so Anna always sat behind John, allowing to the child to move independently on her horse.
When they got to the border, the boy had forgotten about Anna; he passed the border and rushed across the field to the gates of Vedentor. 
''Well, I'll have to walk to the gate,'' said she and jumped off his horse.
John also dismounted.
''You don't have to. Come with me,'' said John and took her hand.
''No, I have to go home,''
''Well, go then,'' he said and reluctantly released her hand.
The girl headed to the city, but soon she turned and asked.
''Today you will come again?'' 
''I don't know what you mean!'' John was surprised.
''I know you come to my house every night,'' she said and, smiling, went on.
Then his eyes filled with yellow light, and on his face appeared a wide smile from where there could be seen the white fangs. 

After sunset he, as always, snuck into the city. Heading through the streets to Anna's house, he heard a sound of opening gate - that was a squad of Nestor. John hid behind one of the houses and began to watch them; the tired soldiers went to their houses.
He looked into one window and had noticed something in hands of one of the soldier. In the house he was met by a woman. Two young children jumped on father's hands and hugged him, rejoicing his return. The man put them on the floor and approached the woman; he handed her a small bouquet of broken flowers. The vampire had seen how much happiness was in her tired eyes. The warrior hugged the woman. 
John was watching them for long, studying them. After they went to sleep, he headed away from the city. 

The black stallion again was standing near the walls in the morning; three carcasses of deer were tied to his saddle. The soldiers already were accustomed; they cut the ropes and took the meat.
''So late today,'' said one of the men.
''Yes, he usually comes before dawn,''
At the same moment from behind the gate there came out five horsemen, they went after the horse, hoping the animal will lead them to the one who sends them food. But Demon quickly disappeared from their sight, confusing the trail.
At noon the vampire waited for the girl in the woods. He leaned back against a tree trunk, hoping to see her as soon as possible. The wait seemed eternal, he was nervous. Not knowing where to put his hands, he often took out a dagger from his belt, touched a blade and put it back. Finally, hearing a noise from horse's hooves, John stepped away from the tree and stood up waiting. Red hair rushed into his eyes, therefore the vampire became nervous even more. 
‘’Where's Ed?’’ having noticed his absence, he asked.
''He's still sleeping,''
''It's already noon. Lazy boy!''
Anna shrugged. John saddled horse and told her to follow him.
When they came to the foot of the white crag the vampire told her to stop. 
''What is it?'' she asked.
Without answering her question he stepped back from her a few steps, approached a small bush which with all forces tried to reach the sun, making the way through the white stones. John bent down and picked up something yellow, Anna could not understand what it was until looked closer. John returned to Anna and handed her a bouquet of yellow flowers, the ones that grow on the bottom of a lake near the apple-tree. Without thinking she accepted his gift, but at the same time she was greatly surprised. 
''Why?'' suddenly came out of her mouth.
The vampire did not expect such of reaction and was confused. He glanced at the flowers in her fragile hands, and then at the girl. 
''You like it!'' excitedly he said, pointing to the yellow plants.
''I didn't say that I like,'' with smile said she.
Then, taking a deep breath, John looked at her hands.
''You... women...you women like it!''
An awkward silence surrounded them. Looking into each other's eyes, they didn't know what to say. It wasn't clear who of them was more embarrassed.
Unable to withstand the onslaught of his shame, John approached Anna, grabbed the bouquet from her hands and then threw it aside, thinking that it was a mistake. Then he stepped away.
''Why did you do that?'' 
Turning around, he glanced at her, and then at the flowers that were lying on the stones. 
''Why did you throw them?'' 
Then John approached the bouquet, picked it up and again handed it to Anna.
''You don't know what you want!'' frowning, he said and turned away.
The next few minutes he walked from place to place, not knowing where to go. He wanted to escape from her eyes. 
Watching him, the girl smiled and then she approached him from behind and put her hand on his shoulder.
"Thank you," she said.

***
''Let's just get out of here. You and me,'' said John, sitting on edge of the white crag.
It was almost the sunset; the red rays of the sun lit up their faces, giving their skin a warm view. John's eyes were burning with yellow flame, because he looked into the blue eyes of Anna. Holding her fragile hand, he waited for an answer.
''Where we have to escape, John?'' 
''Somewhere! To the end of the world, doesn't matter, as far away as possible,''
''I can't, here is my home!''
''I just want to protect you, sooner or later my dad will find Vedentor and then...,''
''Then I will die with them,'' interrupted she.
''You have to understand that I can't protect you from Valafar. There's only one way to stay alive is to escape,''
''Why, John! Why do you want to run away with me?'' 
''Because...,''
''What?'' asked the girl after long pause.
''You became my sunshine, Anna. You showed me your world, and it's not what I imagined before,''
''Well, now what do you think?''
Then John released her hand and turned to the smoldering sunset. His eyes gained a dim yellow color, and sadness appeared on his face.
''Your world is better. I saw sincere love of parents for their children,''
''It's called family,''
''Family!'' he repeated. ''We have no families. We vampires are worse than animals; we kill for fun and rejoice in the suffering of our victims. Your children are innocent, while ours can't live a day without murders, their hands stained in blood - they cannot be called children. From the beginning I was on the wrong side,''
''You've changed,''
''What I found in you?'' he whispered and took her hand.
Red rays of the sun had lit up the sky one last time before plunging into the darkness. The vampire lifted the girl to her feet and approached her so close that he felt the warmth of her body and could hear her slow breathing.
''If I have to stand on a warpath, I will follow you!'' he said and put his palm on her cheek.
John carefully placed his other hand on her waist and hugged her; looking into her eyes, he touched her lips, fearing that she would alienate him, but Anna did not. Then John stronger pressed her to himself, gently kissing her warm lips. 
Darkness enveloped them, a loud howl, that could be heard from below, scared all the birds in the area, but John with Anna still stood there, not wanting to leave; it seemed that with each new touch of lips their feelings became even more stronger. 
''I think I love you,'' with shame whispered the vampire.

***
Edmund slept under a thick blanket on a small bed. Near the bed was sitting Anna in John's arms. She didn't feel the cold, because the vampire pressed her to himself as close as possible to warm her with his hot body. 
On the street it was raining, drops of water fell from the sky and softly knocked on the roof of the house. Being in silence, they listened to the sound of rain; their lips from time to time touched each other. The vampire gently was kissing her shoulders and slim hands. When Anna fell asleep on his chest, he buried his nose into her red hair, inhaling their sweet scent. 
He wasn't even slightly moved during all night, fearing to wake her up. For the first time in his life he felt pain in his heart, but the pain was nice and easy. John heard a loud and rapid knocking of his heart, at this moment he had learned what he did not know before - it was called happiness. True happiness, that made him smile and forget about everything. 

***
Every night they spent together. Sometimes John forgot to leave the town till dawn, so that Anna was helping him to get out of the city secretly. Despite the fact that John stopped to hunt at night, the people of Vedentor weren't hungry, because he hunted in daytime, and Anna was bringing the meat near the sunset.
Also John taught Edmund to fight with sword and courage that was necessary to defeat an enemy. Edmund was a good apprentice; he listened to his teacher, trying to emulate him.
''You're too small to reach heart or head of your enemy, so you have to beat in legs,'' said the vampire, pointing a finger under his knee. ''You have to cut the ligament - enemy will fall and then it will be easier to fight,''
The sword was heavy for Edmund, therefore the boy constantly dropped it on the ground, leaving himself defenseless, but it wasn't a big problem - at next night John stole another sword from a box that stood in Vedentor. A new sword was dull than usual, but lighter.
Waking up every morning, the boy hastily fled from the city to meet up with John and again to continue training. 
''You have to follow the wind - it carries your scent, and vampires have an excellent sense of smell!'' repeated John every day in order the child remember his words forever.
They fought for hours in open areas. When Ed was tired, John would always say the same words: ‘vampires do not feel tired’. Then the young warrior again and again got up and continued to attack the teacher. With every training the vampire began to notice that his power grows.
There were days when John paid more attention to Ed than Anna. In addition to fighting John taught him how to swim, remembering that moment on the lake when the child almost drowned. 
The vampire had acquired a little friend, and Edmund had acquired a family. Each time playing with the child, John was laughing, Anna had seen that the smile on his face is sincere, that's why her heart was filling with warmth and calmness. Looking at them, she saw them both as children which laughed and ran after each other. 
One day, circling under the apple tree, Anna began to dance and sing. Drawing attention to it, John left the boy and went to her.
''What are you doing?'' he asked.
''I rejoice,'' smiling, replied she.
''No, what are you doing?'' again said the vampire.
''It's...dance,''
''Dance?'' 
''You don't know what is dancing?'' 
Shaking his head from side to side, John replied, ‘no.’
''Repeat after me,'' said Anna and started to show him the movement, singing a melody.
Watching her, he still stood there and didn't know what to do. He looked on her movements; her eyes were closed, she thought that the vampire repeats after her, but he was only watching the girl with big smile on his face, admiring her grace and beauty. 
She opened eyes and stopped, her pinkish lips ceased to move. Frowning, the girl walked over to John, took his hand and tried to move him from the spot. John took a few steps to aside and stopped again; he began to look at her with loving eyes.  
''Come on!'' said Anna, starting to sing again. 
But no matter how much she tried to make him dance, John also stood on the same spot.
''John!'' finally said Anna, grabbed his hand and then put it on the waist.
It all happened so fast that the vampire didn't realize what was happening. Whirling in a dance, the girl was leading. Nervously looking down, John was scared to step on her little feet. He was lost and concerned; he didn't know what to do with his feet, because he stumbled all the time.
''You're just fool, John!'' laughing, shouted Edmund.
''You fool!'' answered the vampire.
''Relax,'' she said and closed her eyes.
''It's so stupid, Anna,''
''It's fun!'' she grinned.
He began repeat after her; he closed his eyes, trusting to sweetheart. She was right; it was much easier not to see anything. His movements became much more confident and freer, he finally realized what to do. 
Feeling the warmth of her body and her loud breathing, the vampire listened to the song coming from her lips. John forgot about everything; he listened only to her, this music sounded in his head like clear sound. He heard no any birds singing that flew over them, nor a rustle of leaves of the apple-tree, near which they were dancing. His soul fully was immersed in Anna's world, he felt peace and joy, on his face there was a smile and through his closed eyes could be seen a bright yellow light. 
John stopped Anna for a moment; he grabbed her stronger and then led her to the other side, taking the role of lead. 
The boy long watched them from aside. He had a wooden stick in his hand; from time to time he threw it aside as far as possible, playing with wolf; Argus was bringing it back and Ed again was throwing the stick in the distance, not taking his eyes from the couple under the apple-tree. 
Soon the vampire stopped the girl; he put both hands on her pink cheeks and then kissed her. Their kiss lasted a long time, that's why Edmund turned away and, frowning, continued to play with Argus. 
The boy often looked towards them, hoping that they have already finished and John will continue training with him, but the couple didn't want to leave each other; they were like in a different world and didn't want to come back. Soon Edmund approached them and, twitching the vampire's hand, asked to stop. 
''John, John!'' angrily and loudly repeated he.
Not looking up from the sweet lips of the girl, the vampire lightly pushed the boy away. But the persistent kid again repeated the vampire's name and began to pull his hand, demanding to stop. Soon Ed struck him in the back with all his strength. His attacks were light, so John still didn't pay any attention to the child. 
''John!'' finally shouted loudly Ed.
The loud name sounded in John's head; he was distracted from Anna and the first thing he heard was embittered growl of Argus. Turning around, John saw the frightened eyes of Edmund and grinning jaw of the wolf.
The boy stretched out his arm forward, pointing at something behind the vampire and then John heard a clatter of horse's hoofs which sounded behind him. John turned his gaze at the guests, he noticed a dozen riders which slowly were approaching them from the side of his castle. The fast wind had brought to him a sharp smell of the vampires - that were his brothers. They were dressed in black cloaks that covered their bodies from head to toe in order to hide their skin from the bright sun's rays.
Anna took Edmund's hand and hid behind John. The guests stopped at a distance of twenty feet from people, and only one rider kept moving ahead.
John put his hand on the hilt of his sword and was ready to join in battle, but from side of the enemy, who was approaching, there was no aggression; he was calm and didn't even look at his weapon.
''John!'' said the vampire and stopped his horse beside John.
''Evan?'' surprised John, hearing his voice.
''Yes,''
John immediately removed his hand from the hilt of his sword, not wanting to engage in battle with a friend. The girl and the child looked at the vampire, trying to see his face, but it wasn't visible from behind a dark hood on his head. Evan also watched the people, his eyes fell on Anna.
''What are you doing here?'' finally John distracted him. 
''So this is true you betrayed us!'' having directed gaze on John, said Evan.
''You can't understand me,''
''Can't understand why you chose this puppy and this human whore instead of us?!'' with anger he shouted.
''Shut your mouth!'' fiercely replied John and, having bared the sword, pointed it toward the friend.
After a moment he heard quiet laughter from the mouth of the black-eyed. Having looked at the long blade in the hands of brother, Evan smiled; the threat on John's part didn't scare him.
''Are you really going to kill me for...this?'' pointing a finger on Anna and the boy, he asked.
''You want to check?'' John said, and then his eyes filled with furious yellow color.
Evan saw the bright yellow light coming from brother and then hid his grin. He was afraid to tempt fate, because he knew what John is capable of, and even the twenty riders which were standing behind would not be able to stop such murderer as John. 
''Okay, put the sword away, John. We're still friends since childhood, remember?'' nervously he said.
Then John thought for a while and sheathed the sword, then he turned to Anna and said:
''It's all right,''
The girl nodded; she took Edmund's hand and made a few steps back.
Evan got off his horse and approached John; he put the hand on John's shoulder, as if nothing had happened, and suggested him move away for talk. Trusting him, John went after him towards the other riders.
Anna long was watching them, worrying that there will start battle, but despite of all her fears, the vampires didn't make any hostile movements, they kept the peace. Examining the riders, she noticed that all of them were looking exactly at her and Edmund. She couldn't understand what they're talking about; she couldn't hear anything from afar. John often was turning his head towards the forest, from whence the vampires came. Sometimes Evan was pointing at the people and was screaming, but John was silent with head lowered. Again and again turning the gaze towards the trees, John was trying to see something.  
''Why doesn't he kill them?'' asked the boy, squeezing the girl's hand even more from fear.
''I don't know,''
Finally after a long time Evan said goodbye to his friend; he saddled his horse and then ordered the other riders to move into the woods. 
Anna sighed with relief; she left the child and went toward John. A smile appeared on her face, she was very happy that everything worked out. The closer the girl was approaching the vampire, the more clearly she could see his evil look.
''What happened?'' she asked, having appeared beside him.
But the vampire just walked past her without noticing and headed for the horses. Then Anna went after him. 
She caught up with him and tried to stop him, grabbing his arm, but the vampire pushed it from himself and then told her to step off. 
''I don't understand,'' in desperation she said.
She stood beside him and was silent, watching as he fastens leather straps on horses. He did it quickly, not paying any attention to Anna. 
''What happened?'' again she tried to ask him.  
With a stern look John grabbed the reins of her mare, brought the animal to her, and then ordered to saddle it.
''Go away!'' said he and also saddled the black stallion.
''But what about you?'' 
''I said get out!'' he repeated again.
''Tell me, John, what happened. I'm not going anywhere without you!'' 
Then the vampire struck the stallion in the sides, came closer to the girl and, having bared a sword, put it to her neck.
''Get out! Get out and never come here again!'' 
His words wounded Anna right into her heart; she couldn’t believe what was said. After the conversation with vampires he had changed; he again became indifferent, and his eyes were filled with hatred as before. He again became a vampire. 
Anna last looked into his yellow eyes, in which there was not any drop of pity, and then she climbed into a saddle. A tear rolled down her cheek; she wiped it by finger and along with Edmund rushed home. 

Chapter twelve.
TWO HEARTS.

When the next morning Anna left her house, she saw a crowd of people near the gate. The women and children were asking soldiers about something, but the soldiers shrugged their shoulders. After a while Anna realized why they were troubled; they were waiting for a black stallion, which supposed to feed the people, but no matter how long they were standing there, the black horse didn't show up this morning.
''Maybe it's a bad day for hunting?'' the people talked among themselves.
Disgusting smell of porridge again enveloped the city. Most of children refused to eat; they wanted to wait for the horse and again to enjoy a tasty and juicy meat. 

***
Every morning she was coming into the forest, to the place where she usually met up with John, but instead him she had seen only the empty forest and listened to a whisper of leaves. 
She didn't understand what happened to him, and what wrong she did. Thoughts about his death didn't give her peace of mind, but most of all she was afraid that he could return to his family.
From early morning until late night Anna moved from place to place; she was coming to the white crag and was climbing to the top, hoping to see John in there as always sitting on the edge and staring at the sun, but there were only white stones on the ground. Then, again returning to the forest, the girl was waiting for him in there. Time passed very slowly, minutes seemed like hours and hours seemed like endless days.  
Returning home by sundown, Anna immediately went to bed, despite the fact that she was very hungry; she didn't want to eat due to the fatigue and despair that she felt, in addition, there were nothing of food at this time. 
From day to day, when Anna woke up at dawn, her heart was filling with pain and her mind was clouded with sadness. She didn't eat her breakfast in mornings; she immediately went to the forest, believing and hoping that there she will find John. 
All the time, spending in waiting, she remembered his voice and warm lips. Looking back, Anna thought about the past; she replayed everything in her mind what had happened between her and John. Sometimes, seemed, that the girl was leaving the reality, therefore on her face there was a little smile and joy, but after returning to the present, her eyes once again were filled with anguish and despair. 
Sometimes she was taking a blanket with herself, wrapping it in a dark bag, in order to no one of the residents saw it and didn't ask questions. For many days Anna was spending her nights under the apple-tree, listening in the darkness a loud roar of animals from the forest. Tightly having wrapped herself in a thick blanket and having closed eyes, she prayed that the predators could not find her. In order to overcome the fear she thought about John. She was thinking about his amazing eyes and about his penetrating gaze. She was thinking about his warm hands and, imagining their gentle touch, she fell asleep under the night sky which was shrouded by stars. 
Singing birds woke her up; she abruptly jumped up from the ground and looked around, hoping to see the vampire, but on that field there were just her red horse and dozen rabbits, which were frolicking nearby. 

***
Edmund also felt pain and was worried about his friend, but most of all he was worried about Anna. Seeing everyday her unhappy eyes which were filled with sadness, the boy tried to lift her mood by any means necessary. While Anna was sleeping at the daytime, the child escaped from Vedentor and headed to the woods, alone and on foot. He wandered between the endless trees, memorizing every bush and tree, in order not to get lost and be able to return back to the city. 
When Anna woke up after long sleep, she noticed Edmund in room; standing motionless near a wooden table the boy looked at her with wide open eyes. All of his clothes and face were smeared with dirt, and in his hands he held a small bouquet of wildflowers. He wanted to put them quietly on the table, but he didn't make it.
Anna got out of bed and glanced at the silent boy and the flowers that were in his hands.
''I just wanted to...,'' barely audible said he.
Then Anna approached him, fell on her knees and then hugged the boy. 

***
Passed days, weeks, months. The city again plunged into famine and despair. Every morning in Vedentor started with a funeral. Death claimed the lives of exhausted children and elderly. Hearts of mothers and fathers were filled with grief.
Soon people had nothing to eat, the residents were desperate. Having spent many days without food, the people demanded of the soldiers to give them horses, but the soldiers could not let the hungry people to touch the animals; therefore they guarded the stable from morning till night.
When soldiers left the city to bypass the borders, they were searching each tree and bush in order to find some food and bring it home; but despite all the food that were found all the same there was not enough. People quickly ate this all, and many of them didn't get even crumbs.
The number of orphans had doubled, because women left the city and headed to the woods in search of food, but most of them didn't return. The warriors were not looking for them that were better for everyone; they believed - the less people, the less hungry mouths.
Waking up at dawn every morning, Anna also left Vedentor. She always took a bow and arrows; because of her keen eye and ability to shoot, sometimes she brought the children a pair of carcasses of squirrels or rats. 
At the rapid river, where she usually spent a lot of time with vampire, the girl fished; the fish were scarce, but despite this she was managed to catch a few big fish. 
She no longer tried to find John; in her heart there wasn't a drop of hope to meet him again. Now only memories bound them together. 

***
At sunset Anna returned in city. On her shoulder there were three big fish wrapped by a rope, and in her palm there were a handful of black berries. She was still in a saddle, she headed to the stables. 
The residents sensed a smell of the fresh fish and headed after her, surrounding the horse from all sides. Anna even had no time to dismount from the horse; the people firmly grabbed the fish and started to pull it out of her hands, when they took the fish they began to fight among themselves. But despite all the words of Anna, that she brought the fish to hungry children, the adults took all food. Like savages, the women and men tore the meat by hands and shoved it in their mouths. 
Anna was very upset of this behavior of the people, she turned her head in other side and saw children which were standing nearby; they watched the adults with frightened eyes. At this moment Anna remembered about berries that were in the hand; she quietly approached the kids and gave just one berry for each child. The guys quickly ate them and then asked more, staring at her with hungry eyes, but Anna had nothing. 
Looking at them, her heart shrank, causing her severe pain. At the same moment she turned head to her horse and walked over to it; she undid the straps that held a saddle, and then took the animal's reins. A tear raced down her white cheek. Anna led the horse somewhere deeper into the city, all the time patting it broad neck. Finally, having approached one of the houses, she knocked on the door; it was opened by the woman who had cooked porridge for residents before. They long talked about something, and soon Anna handed the reins of the horse to woman's hands. 
Anna walked away by quick steps, her eyes filled with tears therefore she couldn't see the road on which she walked.
Holding the mare's reins, the woman looked after the girl until she disappeared behind the houses. 

The fiery sunset lit up the sky. Under thick leaves of tall trees Anna could not see the beauty in the sky in this evening. The girl walked farther and farther into the forest, wanting to get rid of regret and sorrow which overtook her in that moment. She didn't want to go back to Vedentor anymore, her step was fast, and her eyes were filled by endless tears which flowed down her cheeks. She didn't know where she was going, but the desire to be away from the damn city led her further and further. 
Finally she stopped, she was surrounded by darkness and different noises. She sat down near one tree and put her bow with arrows on the ground. Long thinking about something, Anna gazed into the empty darkness, from whence she sometimes could hear squirrels; the naughty little animals flitted from tree to tree. Bright Moon crept through the thickets of the woods, slightly lighting it.
Watching them, she grabbed the bow with arrow and began to wait the time for an accurate shot. But the animals were so fast that Anna had no time to keep track of all of them. Sometimes, losing them from sight, she put the weapon on her knees and smiled, because it was like that they're teasing her.
Quickly jumping from spot to spot, one of the rodents finally stopped. The animal with bushy red tail didn't notice Anna, who was ready to make a fatal shot. 
The girl exhaled, pulled the string back, and then the arrow rushed toward the target. In the same moment she heard a dull sound from hitting the sharp arrow against the trunk of the tree. The small villain managed to jump out the side. The furry animal quickly began to climb up the tree, but then there came a short plaintive squeak. Anna looked more closely and saw a knife that nailed the squirrel against the tree. She quickly stood up and was ready to make another shot in an enemy.
She took aim at someone behind the dark trees, but due to the darkness that surrounded her she couldn't see the target; she was scared, her heart was racing so fast, it seemed that it's going leap out of her chest from fright. 
Out of the darkness there appeared a head of a black stallion. Anna held the breath, hoping to see a rider. After a moment she dropped her bow on the ground, her eyes filled with pain and with happiness at the same moment. Beside her, sitting on the horseback, was John. After such a long time they were just a few steps from each other. 
Looking at each other in the dead silence, they did not dare to approach. 
''John!'' finally said Anna and immediately rushed to him.
But the vampire even did not move from the spot, he was still sitting on horseback. Anna stopped near the horse and couldn't understand why John even didn't deign to dismount from the horse. 
''John?'' again she repeated.
His gaze was cold-blooded as before, for a moment the girl thought that he doesn't remember her. He stared at her as at their first meeting - by eyes of a ruthless murderer. The happy smile on the girl's face disappeared; she took a few steps back.
After examining her from head to toe, John silently stretched out his arm. 
Slowly having approached him, Anna warily gave him the hand; he lifted her on his horse, immediately struck Demon in the side and rushed off somewhere. 

***
They sat on edge of the white crag, talking with each other. Bright moonlight lit up their faces. Holding Anna's hand, John stroked her slim fingers. 
''I thought I'd never see you again,''
''I had to leave you, my dad found us, he was there,''
''Why didn't he kill us?'' 
''I had just one condition - your life,''
''Did you back home?'' 
''Yes,''
''You've been killing again?'' 
John didn't dare to answer this question; he took his eyes aside to avoid looking into her eyes.
''Tell me!''
''It's not as simple as you think, Anna. I am the one by whom I'm supposed to be,'' barely audible he said.
''A vampire, right?'' 
''Yes, and you have to understand, I and you're like the sky and earth. I'm a vampire, you're a man, your house is here and mine in there,''
''But what about your words? You said if you have to stand on the warpath...,''
''I will!'' he interrupted her and then took her hand, looking into her blue eyes.
At the same moment his lips gently touched her lips, but Anna pushed him away.
''You're again mired in darkness,''
''You're right,'' 
Silence had surrounded them. Anna looked into his dull yellow eyes and said:
''Come with me to Vedentor, I think people will accept you if you...,''
''No, they can't accept me,'' he interrupted. ''It's impossible!''
''You have to try,''
''My name's John, remember? Every person dreams about my death. I think half of those living in your city have lost someone because of me. You still think they'll welcome me?'' 
''I don't know, John. I don't know what to do,'' said Anna and lowered her head.
''Hey!'' he said and again took her hand. ''Wherever you go, wherever you may be, I'll always be there for you. We're like a bird and a feather; we have one heart for two of us. I will always follow my sun - I'll follow you!''
This time Anna didn't pushed John; he kissed her.
"I am sorry for all the pain," in a whisper repeated he, kissing her.
His hands slipped to her waist. He gently began to stroke her fragile back. The kiss wasn't as timid and careful as before, it was strong and persistent. 
John stopped kissing her lips; he began to kiss her white cheeks, slowly moving to the neck. The bliss of love swept over Anna, her legs and arms weakened, she couldn't even move. Like a victim, she gave herself into the power of a predator, unable to escape from his strong grip.  
After a moment John suddenly stopped; he touched her long red hair and then smiled. His breathing was loud and frequent. Looking into her blue eyes, he saw fear, but love in her heart overcame it. 
John slowly took off the leather corset, and then gently took the girl's hand and put it on his heart. 
''It will always beat for you,'' he whispered.
Anna took the hand from his chest and then touched his arms, feeling it power and strength. His body was burning like fire. Anna could not take her eyes from the gaze of the vampire, because of his smile she felt warmth and calm. John again returned to her lips. He slowly and gently began to lower her onto the ground and then lay down on her. 
Anna wrapped her hands around his broad back and allowed him kissing her wherever he wants, fully trusting him. Happiness overwhelmed her; in that moment she forgot about everything. She was only thinking about him, feeling his insistent kisses on the neck. Soon his hand went down; John slowly began to remove her clothes, not taking his warm lips from her fragile body. When John had removed the last piece of her clothing, he felt a slight shake in her knees.
''It’s okay,'' he said and then kissed her lips.
From his body came a fiery heat, Anna felt his every muscle, all his muscles were tense. 
John tried to calm her; by one hand he was stroking her hair and by other hand her pink cheeks. Finally, after another kiss on the lips, John took his hand off her hair and put it on her hip; he parted her leg and then she obeyed him fully, giving herself into his power. He led her like a little child by the hand to the edge of the universe, slowly, step by step, fearing to stumble and hurt her. Two hearts, two bodies became one. 
Under the bright moonlight there could be heard the clear sound of wild beasts, searching for food, but Anna wasn't afraid of the roar - she felt safe like never before, for the first time in her life. Enjoying the warmth of their bodies, the gentle touch and sweet smell of love, they did not think nor about the past nor about the future, their hearts were coupled forever and they became family for each other. 

A joyful singing of birds woke Anna in the morning. She lay in the warm sunshine that enveloped her naked body. 
Having looked around, the girl saw no one; she was just alone on the edge of the white crag. She put on the blue dress and walked from spot to spot, hoping to see John somewhere in a distance, but there was empty, even the blue tigers had disappeared somewhere. John left her all alone, and Anna didn't know for how long.
Standing in silence, Anna listened the nature sounds, in her heart appeared pain that did not allow her to breathe with full chest.  Soon her eyes filled with tears and she felt a grief which was tearing her soul in half. She approached the edge and fell to her knees and, looking, seemingly, at the cold sun, began to wipe the tears.
John left in the night, he headed home. Anna knew that he had returned to his home and it caused a great pain - the pain which she had never experienced before. In a moment, her love, her heart broke into tiny pieces which were impossible to collect again. 
She wasn't able to restrain herself anymore and succumbed to grief. She covered her face by hands and began to cry, having no strength to stop. 
Behind her came a quiet, barely noticeable rustle; this, like a wind, quickly approached her. The girl took her hands from the face and stopped crying - she listened. Someone knelt down beside her and at the same moment put on her knees a bouquet of yellow flowers and one green apple. 
''Why are you crying?'' hugging her from behind, asked John.
''I thought you left,'' wiping the wet eyes, said the girl.
''I wouldn't dare,'' he replied, inhaling the sweet scent of her hair.
Anna took the apple, took a bite of small piece and then grimaced. 
''What?'' 
''It's sour,''
"Sorry," grinned John.
Anna turned to him and then kissed. John wrapped his hands around her head and began to kiss her cheeks and her eyes which were still red from recent tears. 
''Tomorrow I have to go home, but I promise that our separation will not be long,'' he said, looking into her happy eyes.
''Tomorrow?'' said she, after what the smile disappeared from her face, she looked away.
''Look at me,'' said John. ''I'll always come back to you, you hear?! Always!''
At the same moment Anna smiled again.
''What?'' asked he.
But Anna didn't answer his question; continuing to smile, she examined his white fangs which could be seen through his smile. 
''What?'' he repeated again.
''If in our first meeting I knew who you really are...,''
''So who?'' 
''You have a good heart, John,''
Then the vampire made a serious face and narrowed his eyes.
''You're wrong!'' 
But Anna was still smiling
''I wonder what the taste of your blood, hmm?'' said John and then kissed her neck.
Anna began to laugh. The vampire didn't hurt her; he just playfully was biting her neck, playing like with a child. 

***
It got dark. Anna and John stood near a border of the forest and watched the inhabitants of Vedentor, which hastily disappeared in their little houses. 
''Lead him to the stable, and I'll climb over the wall,'' said the vampire, pointing at Demon.
Anna rushed to the gate on the black stallion. She did everything that John said; she put the animal in the stable with other horses and headed home. She came in house and saw Edmund; he didn't sleep.
''You seem excited,'' said the boy.
Anna approached the child, hugged him and said:
''You'll see,''
''See what?'' 
Suddenly he noticed the yellow flowers in Anna's hands, at the same moment he heard a creaking sound - the door was opened. On the doorstep there stood John. From great surprise the boy couldn't utter a word. Edmund stood still with mouth open, as if rooted to the spot.
''Come on, come on!'' smiled John.
Then Edmund ran to him. John lifted him up on arms and hugged. 
''Where have you been?'' asked the kid, not wanting to let the vampire out of his embrace.
They had not slept. They were sitting on the bed under a warm blanket and were talking all the night. They made plans for future. Edmund told John what he'd learned while he was absent. He asked the vampire about Argus; the boy was looking forward to meeting with the beast. The vampire sat between them; Anna and Ed were hugging him from both sides.
Listening to their voices and laughter, John felt happy, because he was surrounded by their love and care. He rejoiced; a mischievous smile never left his face, the vampire felt part of their small but strong family. 

Chapter thirteen.
OUTCAST.

By morning the boy and the girl fell asleep. John hugged them both and closed his eyes, enjoying the peace and tranquility which surrounded him in this beautiful moment. All he wanted at that moment - is to stay there forever, in the warm embrace of Anna and Edmund, and endlessly listen to their barely perceptible breathing. 
On the street there were heard voices of people. The warriors had to go for another bypass of borders. The sunlight slowly crept through the empty window of the little house. 
John watched the sleeping people beside him, listening the noise outside the door; he waited the departure of the soldiers from the city, so then he can quietly leave the city and go home. 
The soldiers were talking loudly among themselves, John became angry, because they could wake Anna and Edmund. But despite the loud noise, the girl and the boy were sound asleep; they were tired. Suddenly from behind the door came a male voice.
''Wait for me!'' 
John clearly heard a sound of footsteps approaching the door. The door opened.
''I can't believe, Anna, we have not so much horses, and you...,'' taking a step into the room, said Dolan.
The girl's eyes opened, she saw the commander. 
The man's face turned pale in an instant; he froze, looking at the vampire. John's eyes gained a bright color of rage. The enemies stared at each other. 
''Get away from her!'' suddenly shouted the commander and bared the sword.
The vampire quickly got off the bed and rushed to the man; he dodged from sword of the commander and then struck him by foot in the chest. From the strong kick Dolan bounced off the door and fell on the street on the ground; he began coughing blood. Seeing the approaching enemy, the commander rose to his feet and was ready for fight. John also bared the sword and was determined to kill an old friend. 
''I have long dreamed about it!'' said the vampire and knocked the sword out of Dolan's hands.
John grabbed him by shoulder and began to strike him in the stomach and face, without stopping. Very soon the man fell to the ground, unable to withstand the power of the infinite attacks. Having approached the commander, the vampire grabbed the sword with both hands and lifted above him, but he was distracted by a little push - it was Anna.
Pushing him away from Dolan, Anna fell to her knees beside the commander and lifted his bloody head.
''Dad, I'm sorry!'' 
''Dad?!'' John was very surprised.
He immediately lowered his sword to the ground, not wanting to attack any more, but in the same moment the vampire felt a strong pain in the back - warriors came.
The soldiers surrounded the enemy and covered him by a wave of arrows.
Having pulled out of the body a few arrows, John grabbed his sword and threw it toward one of the horsemen, like a spear; unable to withstand the fatal blow into the heart, the warrior fell off the horse. The John quickly saddled the horse and rushed to the gate, but after a couple of meters he felt a rope around his neck. It was Nestor. He sharply pulled the rope, whereupon John fell to the ground; Nestor tied the rope to a saddle, struck his horse in the sides, and then dragged the vampire along the ground to Dolan. John's face flushed from lack of air, he began to choke. 
When Nestor stopped, the vampire tried to remove the noose, but soon he felt another rope around his neck, and then another and another. John was trapped; the ropes were tied to the horses by which he was surrounded, so he couldn't escape from them. Falling to his knees, he couldn't even move.
''Finally we meet!'' said Nestor and got off the horse.
Having approached the vampire, the man bared his sword and immediately thrust it into John's stomach. John howled in pain and, trying to get to his feet, had grabbed the ropes with both hands and began to pull them on. One of the horses fell on the side, unable to withstand the strong pull, but then Nestor again stabbed the vampire with the sword. John again fell to his knees and the ropes again crashed into his neck - he began to bleed.
''Stop!'' shouted Anna and stood up in front of the vampire, in order to block him from the man.
''You brought him to us! I will deal with you later, scum!'' screamed Nestor; he grabbed the girl by the hair and tossed her aside.
''First deal with me, bastard!'' said John, after that his eyes filled with yellow flame.
He gathered all his strength, grabbed the ropes and then with all force had pulled it on himself; all three horses fell to the ground. For a short moment the vampire was freed from the ropes. The commander staggered backwards. 
John took a dagger from his belt and approached him and, despite the dozens arrows which were passing through his legs, arms and stomach, he grabbed the man and sunk his fangs into his neck. After a few sips of hot blood John plunged the blade of the dagger into the heart of Nestor and then pulled it out. 
The soldiers raised the horses therefore John again fell on his knees. 
Anna approached John and hugged him; the soldiers stopped firing. 
''Are you okay?!'' nervously she said, trying to stop the blood that flowed from his deep wounds. 
''Anna, get away from him!'' shouted Dolan.
''No! Dad, he's the one who brought food for us! Now he's one of us! Please don't have to do this!'' begged she, barely holding back tears.
Then Dolan grabbed the daughter's hand and dragged her away from the enemy. Coming up to John, he leaned his sword to his neck. 
''I've been waiting for this moment my whole life,'' said Dolan, wiping the blood from face.
''Please dad! I love him!'' cried Anna, sitting on the ground. Tears flowed on her cheeks.
''What?'' turned the commander to her, not wanting to believe her words. ''Repeat what you said!'' having approached her, he added.
''I love him,'' through tears she said.
The commander paused; her words struck him, he was speechless for a moment. Daughter's words sounded in his head like the words of a traitor. This phrase killed him and erased his soul from the face of the Earth. The commander's heart was filled with hatred and anger. He again approached John and raised the sword over his head; he intended to cut his head off.
''Stop it!'' he heard voice of Anna.
Having looked at daughter, Dolan saw an arrow that was directed at him.
''You'll kill me for him?'' said the man and put the sword down.
But Anna was silent, she just looked at target - she was looking at her father. Her look was confident. 
''You know, Anna, that’s hurts! You betrayed me!'' said Dolan.
''I did not betray you!'' 
''You betrayed your mother,''
''What do you mean?''
"Your mother was a wonderful woman, I still love her, but...,'' he said and rolled his sleeve up for once again to show to his daughter his mutilated hand from fire. ''She was burned in fire, when our village was attacked by these creatures!'' pointing to John, he said. ''The fire enveloped her when she was already dead, because he...'' again pointing to John, cried Dolan, ''he slit her throat on my and your eyes. That day I swore to kill him!'' 
Anna dropped her bow and then glanced at John. His eyes were full of regret; he remembered that day, but he did not know until this moment that this woman was the mother of Anna. 
''Look at him, Anna, he is a murderer with thirst of blood. He's a vampire and always will be!'' barely holding back tears, said the commander.
Looking at John's face, Anna saw the human blood that was dripping from his chin. 
"I am so sorry," whispered John, looking into her eyes.
Anna turned her back on him, peering into the void. Through the silence she heard the sobs which came from Dolan's side. The first time she saw her father in grief. Anna walked over to him and hugged, asking for forgiveness. She slowly took the father's sword from his trembling hands and then approached John, who was still sitting on his knees.
''I'll do it,'' looking at father, she said; she put the sharp blade to the neck of the vampire.
''Let it be you,'' whispered John, not taking his gaze from her blue eyes.
After his words Anna lifted the sword above his head and froze for a moment; she looked around where there stood her father and dozens of frightened soldiers, which were waiting for her action. At the same moment she glanced at John and then swung the sword and cut all the ropes.
''No!'' screamed Dolan.
John immediately jumped to his feet and rushed to one of the riders; he grabbed it leg and threw the young soldier from his horse to the ground. The vampire quickly saddled the horse, struck the animal in the sides and then rushed toward the gate. 
The horsemen rushed after him; the chase started.
''Close the gate!'' shouted the commander.
Inhabitants fled aside, seeing the riders. John couldn't maneuver in the narrow streets; the riders kept blocking his way, therefore the vampire was forced to move in different directions. 
John almost was near the gate, but he got trapped; the riders once again blocked his way. The horsemen bunched together in aisle of one of the streets. John pulled the reins and turned his horse to other direction, he intended to go back but in there he also saw other riders. Then he turned the bay horse in the same direction and rushed toward the soldiers which blocked the way.
Arrows and spears flew at his side, wounding the animal and him. 
''He'll crash into us!'' in confusion were shouting the horsemen, seeing the enemy rushing right at them.
But John had planned something else. Without slowing speed he drew near to them closely; he pushed off from the horse and jumped over the riders. From the heavy hitting against the ground the arrows, by which he had been covered, had plunged deeper into his body; John howled in pain. 
''Kill him!'' were heard loud screams.
Dodging the deadly attacks, the vampire was heading to the gate. He was fast, but the riders were much faster. Sharp arrows were covering his body one after another. It would seem that John was not destined to leave the city alive; there were too many people, and the gates were firmly closed. But then the vampire had heard a familiar child's voice.
''John, your horse! Horse!'' standing in the middle of the bustle, shouted and jumped Edmund; he was holding the reins of the black stallion.
John headed to him; he saddled quickly Demon and galloped to the wall. 
''Run, run!'' shouted Ed after him.
Demon began to climb the stairs on the wall, stumbling. Soon the horse was on the wall. John hit him on the sides and then the animal jumped off a five-meter height and rushed into the woods. While the soldiers were opening the gates, the enemy had already disappeared behind the trees, but despite this they also rushed after him.
Because of Nestor's death, Dolan became the commander of two troops. The two hundred horsemen followed John. Most of them fell from their horses, because on that speed the animals were stumbling over roots of the trees. They were also caught by thick branches of trees, which were sticking out on their way. It seemed, like the nature didn't want people caught the vampire.
Sometimes the sharp arrows pierced John and his horse. The back and rear hooves of the black stallion was covered with pain. John was changing direction as often as it was possible, feeling the sharp pain in the back and hearing the plaintive cry of his horse. The people were following him all the day and all night. Without sleep and food they were moving just after him. Many of them had lagged behind. Almost half of the two hundred warriors left behind. 
After passing a long way, John finally crossed the border of his home. 
The horsemen stopped in the dark forest; forgetting about the vampire, they paid their attention to a stone castle. They first saw it. A loud roar could be heard from tens of black wolves, which were chained to chains. The horses began to panic; throwing off the soldiers from the back, they fled back into the forest. 
''Let's go!'' said Dolan, not having any strength to hide the fear that he felt at this moment. 
The riders rushed back, listening to the loud roar of wolves. 

***
John entered the open gates which were covered by bones of people. In the big stone hall was heard the echo of clip-clopping hooves of Demon.
John walked past the thousands horses, which were standing on two sides. He stopped almost at the end of the hall and fell from his horse. Two of his brothers walked up to him to help. They lifted him to his feet; they were surprised by the amount of arrows and blood that covered his body and the body of the black stallion. 
''What happened?'' they asked.
''I need blood!'' having pushed them away, said John.
Limping, he went on.
''Stitch him up!'' said he, pointing on Demon.
The vampires had nodded; they took reins of Demon and led him into a stall. 
John was walking down the stone stairs; he headed to the cells, he needed blood to heal the wounds. Brothers, who were on his way, were examining his wounds and were following him, keeping on a distance behind. John kept falling every two minutes, but getting up again and again, he continued to move. Finally he came at the place where in cold cells there were people; he looked inside one of them and then took a key from the wall. 
He chose a victim; he opened the iron door, but immediately fell to his knees. His eyes began to darken and the temperature of his body started to drop. John grasped one of the arrows by trembling hands and ripped it out from his body, then second one and third. The grey floor turned red. Having freed the belly and legs from the sharp silver arrows, John tried to get rid of arrows in the back, but he couldn't reach them. Brothers, who were crowding next to him, stood silently and watched, not even thinking offer their help.
At the end of the corridor there came a heavy sound of footstep. John looked there and saw Valafar. Valafar walked slowly and calmly. 
''I'll help you,'' said the King.
Sitting on knees, John put his hands on the floor. Valafar came up behind him and, having grabbed two arrows, thrust them even deeper through John's body. 
The vampire cried out in pain and tried to stand up, but his brothers rushed to him; they caught him and began to hold. 
Valafar continued to pierce the body of his son by silver. When he finished, he grabbed John's head and buried his huge fangs into his neck; he made ten sips and walked away from him. 
''Put him in the cage!'' he ordered.
The vampires threw the brother into one of the cages and closed the door. Men and women, who were there, in fear hid in a far corner, away from the enemy.
Suffering from the unbearable pain, John leaned his back against a cold wall and sat down on the floor. 
''I gave you a chance, I forgave you, but you again betrayed me and planted your seed in a human creature,'' said Valafar, looking into the cage. 
At the same moment John saw Evan beside the King.
''I followed you that day,'' said he, glancing at John. ''I also followed you till the city,'' he added.
''No!'' barely audible said John.
"Yes," laughed Valafar and then he unwrapped a rag on which there was a portrait of Anna.
''No!'' shouted John.
The King looked at son at last time and then walked away.
''Let's go, now!'' came his loud voice echoing in the stone corridor.
John took off his leather corset and put it on the floor. The arrowheads were sticking out of his belly. He grabbed one of them and began to pull it out, wincing from the pain. Half of the people, who were in the same cage with him, fainted from what they saw.
John put the silver beside him on the floor; he was pulling arrows out one after another. His blood flowed on the stone floor. 
Having freed the body from the last one, he looked at the frightened hostages.
''I need blood,'' barely audible he said.
But the people still sat silently, hiding behind each other.
''If you help me, I will help you to get out of here,'' said the vampire.
But the people all the same sat in the same corner; they were afraid. Suddenly behind them stood up a girl; dark-haired and slender, dressed in a ragged grey dress. She slowly approached John, sat next to him and asked:
''Will you help us?''
''I give you my word,'' replied John, looking into her scared to death eyes.
Then the girl silently moved closer to him and removed her hair from the neck. John embraced her and had pressed her to himself with all forces so she couldn't get away. He plunged his teeth into her neck and began to drink the hot blood. The girl tried to escape, feeling the great pain, but the vampire held her as much as he needed. 
Getting out of his grasp, the girl grabbed her bloody neck and, grimacing from pain, again huddled in the far corner. 
John didn't feel a surge of old forces; the blood started to cure him, but very slowly. He needed the sun. His blood was leaving his body all the same. John closed his eyes and said:
''Sun,''
He began to remember it bright rays, but at the same moment he saw Anna. He saw her smile, sky-blue eyes, her hair the color of a fiery sunset. Through the closed John's eyes there could be seen a bright yellow light, his wounds quickly began to heal.
''My sun,'' repeated John, feeling how his body again gaining temperature. 
He felt a surge of strength; he opened his eyes and frowned. A bright light of fury illuminated the dark cage. He approached the iron door and knocked down the door with one blow of his foot.
Walking over the cold corridor, he was killing everyone who crossed his path. He never felt such of hatred and anger in his life like in that moment; it seemed that no one can stop him. The stone floor was covered by rivers of blood and corpses of the vampires. 
When John appeared in a long hallway where there stood horses, he began to look for Demon. Soon he found him; the black stallion was lying on the floor in a big puddle of blood, his head was cut off and hung on the wall.
John had ordered the hostages to saddle the horses and go away. He chose another horse, saddled it and then raced away from the castle. 

***
Overcoming mile after mile, the vampire was praying to get into the city before there will arrive army of Valafar. He kept to beat the horse to it raced faster; white foam dripped from mouth of the animal and blood flowed out of it nose.
The vampire overpassed almost two days; he was very close to Vedentor, but he saw a black smoke rising to the sky. It was not difficult to guess that the smoke coming from the city side. 
It was getting dark. Soon he crossed the border. The walls of Vedentor were fallen, and the houses were turned to ash. The city smoldered. On this human cemetery there were no a single living soul. “Vampires have been here since noon,” thought John. 
When he approached the house of Anna, he began to dismantle what was left of it, hoping that there is no her dead body. For an hour he walked around the city and was approaching to every corpse, fearing that he'll find in one of the charred bodies a familiar scent. Luckily, Anna wasn't in there. There weren’t a lot of dead bodies; this meant that vampires took the hostages alive.
John saddled his bay horse; he was determined to go in search of the people, but suddenly he was distracted by Argus. John dismounted from his horse and hugged the black wolf.
''Where have you been!''
But Argus grabbed his hand by teeth and pulled him to one side.
''What are you doing!'' the vampire began to resist.
But the beast persistently continued to pull his hand, then John went after him. Predator led him into the forest, and in there the vampire saw Edmund; the boy was sitting motionless near a tree, having wrapped hands around his knees.
''John!'' cried the boy and ran to him.
The vampire lifted the child in his arms and hugged him.
''You hid him,'' said John, praising the beast. 
The vampire planted Ed on the ground and began to ask him about Anna.
''They tied up all and left,'' said the boy, pointing to the East. 
''Damn it!'' said John.
He stood motionless, looking off into the distance. After much thought he returned to the town and, stepping over the charred corpses and embers, picked up two silver swords; one of them he put into the leather case, and the second one he hid under a saddle of his new horse. 
''Come on!'' he said; he took up the boy under arms and then planted him on the horseback.
They departed from Vedentor in a small distance, but suddenly John heard a noise. Soon he saw cavalry. Two hundred horsemen surrounded them. 
These two squads belonged to Dolan. While their city was destroyed, the horsemen were on patrol of their borders. 
Seeing the horrible picture of the ruined houses, the people could not believe their eyes. Most of the soldiers rushed into the embers to find their families. With tears in their eyes the men wandered in the void; pulling out the corpses of the rubble, they were recognizing familiar faces. Dolan also headed into the dead wasteland.
''She's not there!'' shouted John after him.
Then the commander returned to the vampire, grabbed him by the leg and then threw him from the horse. The fight started. The riders surrounded them, but they did not intervene in the fight - they just watched. 
''You brought them here!'' screamed Dolan, striking the vampire in face and stomach.
John endured; he stood still, feeling the weak attacks of the human. Dolan's movement slowed, he quickly had tired. Then John grabbed him by the throat and threw him away from himself - the man fell on his back. John approached him; he pressed him to the ground, in order to calm him down, and began to talk.
''Now listen to me!'' said John. ''You couldn't protect them! Where were you when the walls of the city already fell? You let the enemy into your lands! They stole your daughter right under your nose, and you blame me?!''
John freed Dolan and turned to the rest of the soldiers, who found at least a piece of truth in his words. 
''You can go back to bypassing your borders!'' John grinned. ''Or you can help me get the people out of this shit!'' looking on Dolan, added he.
''It would be better if I kill you!'' getting to his feet, said Dolan.
After his words, the riders took out the arrows and then took aim at the vampire. 
''Come on,'' turning to the commander, said John. ''Do it and then you never see Anna again. Only I know where she is right now!''
After these words John noticed how the soldiers started to hesitate; they clearly wondered about his death. Having looked at them, John took the situation into his own hands.
''Do you have children?'' he turned to one of the soldiers.
The man nodded.
''You want to see them again or not? The choice is yours!'' said John. ''All of you!'' he added.
The riders exchanged glances with each other and lowered their weapon.
''He's lying!'' shouted Dolan, and ordered them to again raise the weapon.
But the soldiers didn't listen to him. Believing in the words of the enemy, a little ray of hope lit up in their eyes.
''He's one of them! Kill him!'' screamed Dolan and grabbed the sword.
John repulsed the attack of the commander and kicked him in the stomach, then he approached him and struck several blows in his face, smashing his nose in blood. 
''The child knows where the vampires took your families,'' pointing on Edmund, he said. ''They took them into the Red Mountains. If we unite, we can save them all!'' 
''How could we know if you're lying or not?!'' said one of the soldiers. 
''Just trust me!'' said John. ''As Anna trusted me'', he added and then glanced at Dolan. 
After long negotiations, the vampire saddled his horse and began to move away. 
''Edmund!'' screamed the commander, turning to the boy who was sitting behind John on the horseback. 
''I go with him!'' replied Ed. 
After a short moment John stopped the horse and went back to Anna's father. 
''You could not save your wife, and now you can't protect your daughter! You know why? Because you're a coward!'' he said. ''This is your essence - you're human...all of you,'' he added, turning to the others. 
After these words John hit the horse in the sides and rushed away from the people. 
''They will not help us?'' asked Ed. 
''No,'' 
''What are we going to do then?'' 
''Something stupid,'' said John and paused.

Chapter fourteen. 
THE LAIR OF THE ENEMY.

Moving to the place, the vampire had not uttered a word. He was thinking about a plan that could help to get Anna out of the deadly trap. After sunset they stopped for the night; John didn't need the sleep, but for the human kid it was necessary.
While the boy was sleeping next to Argus, John was drawing something on the ground by a knife. He drew again and again, erasing the picture all the time. He was trying to remember a map of the underground city. When John was a kid, he had been in the Red Mountain. The local vampires never lived in the Mountain, they lived under it - the Mountain was just an illusion. He vaguely remembered the endless dark labyrinths, which were inhabited by terrible creatures similar to vampires. The inhabitants under the Mountain were different; they were not ancient as his clan. The color of their eyes had a red tint; that is why they called their home – the Red Mountain. They were afraid of light and silver, and therefore they were living underground, in the darkness and cold. 
John woke Edmund. It was still dark. The smell of smoke from a bonfire slammed into the nose of the boy.  
''We need to go, but you have to eat first,'' said the vampire, pointing on a fried squirrel.
After breakfast they moved further through the dark forest. Sometimes their way passed through fields where Edmund never was. 
By noon on their way there were a lot of stones on the ground - this meant that they were getting close. The closer they got, the worse the boy was feeling; he didn't know what awaits them there and by what they have to sacrifice to save Anna, but most of all he was afraid to see Valafar. There in burning Vedentor Edmund had heard his gloomy and monstrous voice and laughter, which weren't like anything else. 
Soon in a distance they saw the giant Mountain towering to the sky, reflecting the rays of the sun through the clouds. On its top there was visible snow. 
''She's there?'' casually asked the boy.
John nodded and hit the horse more strongly.
Having approached the border of the stone Kingdom, the vampire stopped the exhausted animal and stepped to the ground. He pulled out a dagger, sat on his knees and began to draw something on the ground. Meanwhile, Edmund was inspecting the area. He watched the water that was falling from the top of the Mountain by a powerful waterfall, filling small lakes. In the same place there formed a river, which stretched around the mountain and went off into the distance for miles. Rare trees that were near the stone castle were dry; there was not a single green leaf on them, it seemed that they were affected by disease and they just stood there, asking for help. The dead wasteland separated them from Anna only for fifty meters, but the boy didn't know for how many meters they have to descend into the interior of the great Mountain. 
Finally the vampire distracted the boy from thinking; John showed him the drawing on the ground - that was a plan. Sitting on his knees, the boy didn't understand why he shows it to him.
''I can't do this without you,'' said John, putting his hand on Ed's shoulder.
Then Edmund pulled himself together, nodded and prepared to listen to John. 
Over the image there was drawn an incomplete circle - it was considered like Mountain. Below the circle, as if under the mountain, John made two points which were in a distance from each other. Pointing on them, John explained that they have to split up. 
''I'll go alone?'' hesitantly asked Ed.
''You will be with Argus,''
Then the boy looked at the wolf, which was lying on the ground, trying to catch his breath after the long road. 
''Hey!'' he distracted the child. ''You remember how I taught you to wield a sword? You can do it!'' said John, looking into his scared to death eyes.
John passed a hand over the golden hair of the boy and continued, pointing on the ground. 
''From your side there is only one descent. There will be a ladder - follow the stairs without deviating - this way will lead you to a pool. If in there you hear loud noises, don't be scared - the vampires used to throw corpses and other garbage in the pool from above,''
''A pool with corpses?'' 
''Yeah, enjoy the stench,'' grinned John. 
"Ew!"
''When you pass it - turn right. You should always turn right, if there you will see other ladders - do not climb up,'' said John, pointing to a seemingly infinite maze in his image. 
''What should I do there?'' interrupted Ed.
''I'll tell you,'' said John and went somewhere.
While the vampire was wandering through the forest in search of something, the boy examined the picture.
''Down, the pool, always right,'' he muttered under his breath.
Soon John went back; in his hands he held a lot of tree bark of different sizes. 
He approached the kid and threw it all beside him. 
''What is it?'' 
Then the vampire again sat down.
''All the mazes are connected. The place where they keep people, is here,'' pointing to a square higher up, said John. ''I'll be right over you. To get the people I have to pass a throne room, but while my father will be in there, I can't do that,''
''And?'' 
John picked up the tree bark which was similar to a bowl, and handed it to the boy.
''You have to lure him there,''
''What? I can't...,'' Ed was scared.
''You can,'' 
''How?''
''You have to lure him by my blood,'' said the vampire, pointing at the bowl. ''Valafar will smell my scent from many miles. Leave the blood on walls, on every corner, let him search me in there, and then I will have enough time to get out with Anna. When you're done, immediately get out of there and hide in the woods.
''But what about you?''
''We'll catch up with you,'' 
Edmund nodded and once again looked at the plan; he repeated everything what John said.
''If you'll forget the way back, Argus will lead you back,'' said the vampire. 
John approached the horse and attached the bark to the hooves of the animal, wrapping a rope around hoofs in order to it kept strongly. He made it to the iron horseshoe had not issued a loud noise when walking the stone corridors, there underneath. He put the boy in the saddle and led him through the wasteland to the entrance of the dungeon. 
The bright sun, that was illuminating everything around, gave them a great advantage; the vampires couldn't know that the enemies approaching to their house, because the cold-blooded killers were afraid of the bright light, and therefore they were sitting under the earth in darkness. On the dead ground, where they were walking, John and Ed could see thousands of horse-track. 
Soon they stopped near the passage inside the Mountain; John pulled a knife and deeply cut his hand, the blood flowed to the ground. He put the bowl under the stream of blood and began to fill it to the brim. When he finished, he handed the bowl in the boy's hands. 
''When you're done, do not hesitate, immediately get out!'' said John.
Edmund nodded and looked into the dark passageway, where there were chill and putrid smells.
''I hope you won't need it,'' said John, pointing to a silver sword that protruded from the saddle.
"Me too," replied the boy, holding the bark with blood.
Edmund hit the horse and headed inside, but the vampire stopped him; he took the blood from his hands and put the bowl on the ground. John removed the leather corset and handed it to the boy. The corset was too large for him, but John tightened the belts tighter and said: 
''Just in case,''
''You'll come for me, if I can't get out?'' casually asked Ed.
Looking into his frightened eyes, John put his hand on his shoulder.
''Without a doubt,'' he said and went off.
Having looked after him, the child hit the horse in the sides and went inside. Argus went behind him.
Plunging deeper into the darkness, Edmund closely listened to the various sounds. He was afraid even the noise from drops of water that were falling from the ceiling. In these tunnels there wasn't a drop of light. After a while, when his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he began to distinguish the walls, and in some places he could even see the outlines of the stairs. 
In the darkness the child heard Argus, who ran around him, scratching the stone floor by sharp claws. The staircase was narrow. When he reached the pool, as John said Edmund stopped. Argus ran to the edge of the pool and lowered his head toward the dirty water; examining the rotten bodies, he tried to lick one of them. The walls in that place were not as narrow as before. From the three-meter ceiling there was dripping water.  
The boy stepped to the floor; he headed to the pool, covering the nose with hand from the fetid smell, he looked up from where vampires dumped dead people. From the huge hole in the ceiling came a sound of laughter and barely audible voices of enemies. In this hole there was no end in sight, it seemed that it goes for many miles upwards. Looking up, Ed saw a light somewhere from above - it was torches. The boy again climbed into the saddle and moved on. 

***
Hiding behind a corner, John watched enemies. The wide corridor was illuminated by dozens of torches. At the end of this corridor there were three red-eyed. They sat on a wooden bench and, sharpening their swords, were talking about something. They had no any armor, so John could easily remove them from his path, but the vampires were guarding this place for a reason. John had seen a lot of cages in the stone walls; he couldn't see who or what is sitting in there, but he heard a loud breathing and there smelled by animals. John clearly understood that in these cells are black wolves, and they easily could catch his scent and raise the alarm. It was necessary to act. 
John took his sword and went behind the corner; he leaned the blade against the wall and began to scratch the stone, uttering a terrible sound. Paying attention, the vampires headed in his direction. Listening to their steps, John got ready. 
The first, who caught his eye, lost his head. John did it quickly and quietly, so they hadn't even issued a single scream. After a moment the three vampires slept a dead sleep on the floor. The walls and floors were splattered with blood of the enemies. 
John ripped open the belly of one of them and, filling the palms by blood, began to smear his hands, belly and shoulders. After finishing, he headed over the hallway through the wolves. Looking into the cages, he had seen dozens of predators in each of them. The animals lifted noses up and caught his scent, but John was smeared with blood of owners, so the wolves accepted him and then lay back on the floor. At the end of the corridor there again was a staircase that led down. Having passed down through it, the vampire found himself on level of the throne room. He was covered by blood, so he killed one of the enemies, removed a shirt from the dead body and, having found the water, began to wash himself from the blood.
He put on the black sleeveless shirt and moved on. Most of the red-eyed vampires didn't know how actually looks son of Valafar, so John quietly was passing through crowds of the enemies with his head down. Only a few, who had stopped him, lost their lives. 

***
Sitting on the horseback, Edmund wandered the narrow tunnels; dipping the hand into the bowl, he kept smearing the wet walls by blood, staining them red. Argus kept going beside him, when the boy stayed, the beast also stayed and waited for him. 
Soon they turned the next tunnel; Ed noticed that this place was different - there was dry and very quiet. Water was not dripping from the high ceiling as in other places, but despite the dry room, there were much colder. 
The boy felt calm due to the silence that enveloped them. He heard only a rasp of claws of the black wolf and soft step of the horse. Going farther and farther, he dreamed about to get back as quickly as possible, but the bowl was half full, so to quickly get rid of the blood he began to smear it on the walls from every three steps, he also began to spill it a little on the floor. Ahead there was another turn, the boy headed toward it.
''The last one,'' he whispered, looking on Argus.
Having approached the corner, the boy dipped his hand in the bowl and was ready to leave a mark in the next tunnel, but he stopped. He heard a sound like meow of a kitten, which came right around the corner. Ed was scared, but when he had heard another cat's plaintive squeak, his heart calmed down. 
''Hey, come here!'' whispered the boy, afraid to startle the poor animal.
Argus pricked up his ears and began to slowly sneak toward the corner, wanting to see the strange and unknown to him creature, because he never met cats. 
''Hey, get out!'' a little louder said Ed, waving his hand at the wolf. 
The child was worried that the predator could kill the little animal.
''Hey, come here!'' again whispered the boy, calling the kitten.
Then from behind the wall he heard a loud rustling, after which there came a continuous meowing, like if dozens of kittens hiding in there. It alarmed the boy; he stopped the horse and had no courage to call the animal again. 
''Argus!'' barely audible said Ed, seeing as the beast creeps closer and closer to the corner. 
But the black wolf didn't listen to the boy and continued to follow toward the corner. He approached closer and carefully looked into the darkness, but at the same moment he tucked tail and had cowered down. The thick fur on his back stood on end. Argus bared his jaws and slowly began to move backwards, not taking his eyes from the darkness.
Without moving from the spot, Edmund directed his gaze in there. The meowing was heard louder and louder, that meant whatever it is - it is coming.
Someone’s paw shown up from the darkness, then another one. Finally the boy saw an unknown animal; it came from the corner and behind it came a second one and a third. Holding the breath in horror, Edmund was sitting on horseback motionless. In front of him there stood dozens, covered with white skin, creatures. On their bodies there was not a single hair. The animals were not like vampires or wolves; the boy saw them for the first time in his whole life. Their hind legs were much longer than the front, they were skinny and humpback, it seemed that these creatures had not eaten for many months. Their massive heads had no eyes and no ears, they had sunken noses with huge nostrils by which the beings tried to catch the scent of strangers, raising the heads up. Four long fangs protruded from wide mouths of the horrible creatures. Their teeth were so sharp; it would seem they could bite through a stone. 
Having screamed like cat, a dozen of the creatures went towards Argus. Their movements were confident; they quickly approached the beast.
Not taking the eyes off the enemies, the wolf hid under the horse and pressed himself to the floor.
Trembling with fear, Edmund lifted up his legs on the horse's back; he was looking down at the creatures and began to pray that the horse stood quietly. 
The skinny creatures were twice smaller than the black wolf, but despite that, Argus did not want to fight with them, because there were many of them, and their sharp teeth and long claws were much more dangerous than the wolf. 
The exhausted predators bowed their heads to the hooves of the horse and began to sniff Argus. They surrounded the horse from all sides, trying to learn closer the smell of the black beast. Argus bared his jaws and began to growl without losing them from sight; he often turned around, feeling a touch of the enemies behind him. 
Suddenly there came a very loud cry like a hissing and, at the same time, moaning of a wounded animal; the terrible creatures all at once rushed to one side. They gathered nearby and began to fight among themselves for something, and then after a while the boy realized, that these creatures fighting over the drops of blood that were on the floor and walls. The animals broke their teeth, trying to dig into the red stains in the stone floor. They could not lick the sweet blood, because their mouths had no tongues. Scratching the floor and the walls by sharp claws, the predators were trying to reach, how they thought, their victim, but they just did deep holes by claws and didn't find anything. Then Edmund realized that these terrible creatures can't see or hear anything around, they just followed the scent of blood. 
The boy pulled reins and turned his horse towards the exit. He intended to throw the bark with blood on the floor, by this way the animals must rush to the bowl, so then his path will be free. Stretching out his hand with the blood aside, he was ready to throw the bowl, but he was distracted by an animal, which let out another loud cry nearby. The frightened stallion balked; he began to nervously neigh and beat the floor by his front hooves, whereupon the boy dropped the bowl, and almost all of the blood got on his pants. 
Frantically trying to scrub the red stain from his pants, Edmund noticed that the predators drew attention to him. The boy was trying to get rid of the smell, that attracts the creatures, but he couldn't do it. Dangerous animals rushed toward him. 
The crowd ran to the bowl that was lying on the floor; they began to tear the bark into pieces and swallowing. Predators again blocked the path; they pushed the boy for a few steps back, so Edmund could not pass them.
Suddenly one of the vile creatures smelled him; standing on hind legs, it began to catch his scent. Then the boy put the both palms on the leg and closed the red stain on his pants, intently looking at the animal, but the beast already knew that there is food, so it confidently headed  toward the child.
Looking at the approaching predator, Edmund tried to get sword from under his saddle, but the handle of the weapon got caught on a strap of the saddle. When the hungry creature had made a powerful leap to the victim, at the same moment the black wolf jumped toward it and caught the beast in flight. They both crashed into a wall. The beast plunged the sharp claws into the chest of the wolf and tried to bite him, but Argus grabbed it neck by his teeth and by a powerful jerk ripped it head off. The other creatures rushed to the dead body and began to tear to pieces the cold corpse, greedily swallowing the meat and even bones.   
The boy hit the horse in the sides and rushed toward the exit, Argus rushed after him. Dozens of hungry creatures, who did not get the meat, pounced on the horse and knocked him down on the floor; they stuck their fangs and claws into it body forcing the poor animal to yell from the unbearable pain. Edmund fell backwards. A desperate fight for life started. The blood of the dying horse spattered his face and clothes, so the boy immediately became a prey for predators. The child crawled backward and leaned against a wall, watching how the crowd of creatures quickly eats still live horse. 
Edmund had seen the wolf that joined into the mortal battle with enemies. His eyes filled with tears; he knew that he wouldn't be able to get out of there. 
Killing one after the other, Argus kept a distance between these creatures and the kid, in order to don't let them to get him. There were too many, and the black wolf had no more forces to fight - he was tired. The exhausted wolf couldn't keep track of everyone. The predators inflicted deep wounds to him, sinking claws and teeth into his flesh, therefore Argus often screamed from the agonizing pain. 
Edmund closed his eyes when he had noticed a couple of hungry animals which bypassed Argus. Snarling, they started to approach the child. 
Argus rushed toward the boy; he ripped to shreds one of the approaching enemies, clung in the chest of Edmund by bloody jaws and then had jumped up on the wall. The wolf began to clamber up along the wall, holding the boy by teeth; his teeth pierced through the leather corset that was given by John. His claws were digging in the stone walls; it allowed him to climb up toward the ceiling.   
Ed wrapped his hands around the neck of Argus, fearing to fall down. He was looking down, where there were a lot of predators; they leaned the front paws on the wall and waited for them. They also tried to climb up on the wall, wanting to get the victims, but the black wolf pushed off by hind paws of the wall, made a mighty leap to the opposite wall and then began to move toward the exit. 

***
A loud roar echoed across throughout the dungeon. John heard it all; he knew that the sounds are coming from the place where Edmund was, but he couldn't leave Anna.
Hiding behind a corner, he was waiting until Valafar and rest of the vampires will come out. Beside him there lay in a big pile about twenty dead bodies. 
Finally the doors opened; dozens of vampires briskly headed somewhere, but there was no Valafar.
''Damn it!'' said John in a whisper.
After his words there appeared Valafar. He walked behind them and drank blood from an iron bowl.
''Guard the girl, and I'll kill him!'' said the King, addressing to the vampires, who were near the door.
After that he squeezed the cup in hand, broke it and threw it aside. Then he tore his pants; his body became naked. After a few seconds his body began to deform, taking a shape of a winged beast. 
John held his breath and hid behind the corner, praying that the father do not caught his scent, because even John cannot defeat this beast. 
Valafar pushed all the vampires in the sides and rushed ahead.
When the winged creature disappeared from sight, John ran to the door and went inside. The throne room was not as great as in his house, but it was distinguished by the fact that the floor in there was made of human bones. On the ceiling there hung heads of people which were used instead of chandeliers; the vampires removed all the brains from heads and other unwanted parts, leaving only the skin and hair - in the inside of these heads were placed candles which illuminated the room through eye slit. Right in the middle of the hall there was a stone table on which there was lying a naked woman; she had a lot of cuts on her body, she was already dead. 
''Hey! Who are you?! You have no right to be here!'' said one of the red-eyed, having noticed John.
''Only I have the right to be here!'' said John and bared the sword.
Soon a dozen vampires were lying on the floor. John opened a creaky wooden door and went into another room, where there were hostages. There were three more enemies. Having pulled out their weapons, they headed to the stranger. John quickly killed them. 
Wandering through the cold room, the vampire was looking for Anna. The cells were in the floor, they were deep and open. If people were trying to get out, then vampires, which guarded this place, were pushing them back. There were about a hundred pits, and each of them had about ten - twenty people. 
''Anna!'' screamed John, looking into the every cage.
''John?'' suddenly he heard her voice nearby.
Then he rushed to her side. Finally he found the girl; he gave his hand to her and pulled her out of the pit. 
''We need to go!'' he said and grabbed her hand.
''But what about them?'' she stopped, pointing on people, who looked at John with hope in their eyes.
''I can't help!'' 
But the girl went back to the cage and reached out her hand down to pull the people out, but John took her away from them.
''No time! I can't save them all!'' 
''But...,''
''Listen to me!'' having grabbed her head with both hands, uttered the vampire. ''Valafar will be back soon! I have to help Ed!'' angrily shouted he.
''Ed? He's also here?''

***
Slowly making the way to exit, Argus jumped from wall to wall, avoiding dogged creatures which were scrambling up, trying to reach the wolf and the child. 
Ahead, there was visible the pool with corpses; there were only a couple of dozen meters for it, but the distance seemed endless. 
After a few feet toward the water the boy heard a noise that came from the side of the pool. Then Argus scrambled up to the ceiling, tightly thrust the claws into the stone and huddled in a dark corner. He could smell the scent of Valafar.  
Soon in the corridor there appeared a black beast, therefore the skinny and horrible creatures ran away and hid in their burrows. As John said, Valafar followed the blood trail, other vampires walked behind him; fearing the huge black monster, they walked silently. 
Edmund held his breath and wrapped his hands and legs around the wolf, fearing that they will notice them. The beast and the boy froze in silence, watching the approaching King. Its long claws scratched the floor, making a loud echo throughout the corridor. The winged monster stopped right under Argus. Standing and looking at the floor and walls, he listened to something.
''It's a trick!'' he said by terrible voice. 
A thick drop of blood from the nose of the black wolf fell down and hit the floor. No one heard this sound. Except the winged beast. He turned the ear in their direction, then slowly turned his head and looked up. Black eyes of Valafar met with the frightened eyes of Edmund. In that moment Argus made a mighty leap and jumped over the vampires. 
Firmly holding the boy he rushed toward the pool with all forces. Valafar pushed all the vampires away and rushed after them. Scratching the floor by sharp claws, the winged beast left huge cracks in the stone. 
The corset that was on the boy was very large for him, so the child popped out of it and was left behind Argus. The predator, not noticing the loss, had rushed forward. Valafar immediately dug his claws into the leg of the boy and pulled him to himself by paw. Edmund cried out in pain, tears flowed down his cheeks. He tried to hit the huge beast by second leg, but at this moment there appeared Argus; leaping on the child, he hit by paw on the head of the winged monster and uttered a loud roar, baring his jaws. Therefore Valafar released the boy, feeling the cutting pain from the claws of the wolf. Edmund quickly got up, climbed on the back of Argus and grabbed its wool. The black wolf rushed toward the water.  
The furious monster ran after them. Blood from the wound that was inflicted by Argus blinded him, because the blood poured over his eyes. It was a great advantage for the fugitives, but despite this, the King was very close to his victims. He was much faster than they are.
When they reached the pool, Argus pushed off the floor, jumped up and thrust his claws into the wall of the pit; he began to scramble up. Valafar uttered a terrible roar and rushed after them, but because of his size he could not fit through such narrow crack in the ceiling. 

***
Holding Anna's hand, John was leading her to exit by the same road by which he came. He was killing everyone who stood on their way, leaving behind rivers of blood and mountains of corpses. When they reached the cages with predators, they stopped. In their way there stood Evan; he bared his sword and directed it in the side of the friend. 
''I'm not going to kill you! Get out of my way!'' said John, heading towards him.
Then Evan put away the weapon, approached the wall and then grabbed a lever.  
''But I, probably, will kill you!'' he said and let the lever down, whereupon all the iron doors of the cages were opened.
''Back!'' shouted John, pushing the girl back.  
Fifty black wolves were still in their cells; the animals hadn't noticed that they are free.
''Today you and your human whore will die. Right now!'' said the black-eyed and then he loudly whistled, wishing that the animals pounced on the enemies. 
Grabbing Anna's hand, John ran back. 
Evan didn't know that these wolves are loyal only to their owners, and he couldn't know that they were very hungry, so, after leaving the cells, the animals pounced on him and began to tear him to shreds, tearing off arms and legs from his body. 
While the predators were busy with Evan, John and Anna were looking for another way. Some of the animals, who didn't get a piece of meat, rushed in pursuit. They were fast and angry, but the bodies, which were lying on the stone floors of the dungeon, had distracted them; the wolves stopped the chase and began greedily eating the bodies. 
''Where are we going now?!'' asked Anna, following the vampire.
''We need a horse!''  
They went up for two levels and headed towards a horse stable. On the floor there were scattered about dozens of corpses, but they all fell not of John's sword. The vampire did not understand what was happening, but he still moved on.
They climbed up a next ladder, John understood from whence all these corpses when he saw Argus; the wolf thrust the teeth in neck of one of the vampires and then tore off it head. 
Thousands of horses were tied behind wooden pillars in a big stone hall. 
''John!'' screamed Edmund, sitting on horseback of one of the horses. 
''Hurry up!'' said the vampire, pointing Anna on the horses.
Then the girl untied a horse and climbed into the saddle. John ran toward the doors, which were a hundred meters from him. When he reached them, he opened the high doors to outside. The sun blinded him and covered the floors of the hall by bright rays.
''Run!'' said the vampire, pointing to outside.
Anna and Ed rushed forward but soon they stopped the horses, having noticed that John still inside. 
John took out his sword and began to cut the ropes to which were tied the horses. He shouted and beat the animals so they started to flee outside.  
''John!'' screamed Anna. 
He looked at her and saw her frightened gaze directed to the end of the stables. Then he turned around and saw Valafar. At the same moment he cut another rope, jumped into the saddle and then hit the horse and rushed to the exit.
The black beast spread his wings and flew up; kicking up dust in the room by powerful strokes of his wings, he rushed toward John. The bright rays of the sun had enveloped his body, burning holes on his skin, but Valafar didn't pay attention to the severe pain; he intended to kill the vampire. Finally, he made one more stroke of his wings and then clung to the hip of the horse by sharp claws, knocking the animal down. John fell down near the door; he bared sword and was ready for battle, but Valafar jumped to the side and hid in a shadow, unable to withstand the strong burning pain. Then the vampire ran up to the stallion and tried to raise it until he saw guts, hanging out of a deep cut on the belly of the poor horse.
''Let's go, John!'' shouted Anna, waiting for him outside.
After that John ran toward her.
''You can't hide from me! I'll find you! You will beg for death, and I promise you that you won't get it!'' said Valafar, moving along with John toward the door, but in the shade.
Then the vampire had stopped. 
‘’I have given you a great life and freedom, and you repay me with this,’’ pointing at Anna, said the winged beast.
''He's stalling, John. Let's go!'' shouted the girl.
But the vampire continued to stand motionless, fixing his gaze on the floor.
''You can't escape from me!'' said Valafar, moving from side to side, fearing to cross the line separating the shadow from the bright light. ''I will kill them slowly while you'll watching and listening to their screams!'' 
In the same moment John pulled out a dagger from his belt and, looking at father, took a couple of steps in his direction, but then he heard a loud laughter of the King.  
''You really want to kill me with this?! No vampire and no human can kill me. I'm immortal, you stupid bastard!'' said Valafar.
''Step into the light!'' immediately said John.
''Please don't, John!'' begged Anna, standing outside near the doors.
John clenched the knife tighter in his hand and made a few steps toward the shade. 
"Try to catch me, you, stupid monster!" shouted John, trying to anger the beast. 
Then, having bared jaws, Valafar jumped out of the shadow and pounced on the vampire, knocking him onto the back. He sunk the long claws into the chest of John and broke his ribs. His sharp fangs dug into the neck of the vampire, piercing his artery. John quickly started bleeding. 
John screamed out in pain; he plunged the dagger into the neck of King, then immediately pulled it out and tried to push the beast from himself. 
Hoping to help him, Argus grabbed one wing of the enemy by teeth and tried to drag it away from John, but the winged monster didn't want to let him go, in spite of the searing pain of the bright rays of the sun and the pain that was inflicted by the black wolf. He continued to cut John's body by claws and suck his blood. Then John's eyes ignited with bright yellow light, therefore Valafar bounced back in the shadow.
Barely getting to his feet, John went to Anna. Limping, he put the hand on the torn artery on the neck, but the bleeding didn't stop; blood quickly was leaving body of the vampire. When John reached the horse, he fell. 
''Give me your hand!'' cried the girl and stretched out her arm to him. 
Then John pulled himself together and rose again on his feet; he put away the dagger and climbed into the saddle of the horse. After that they quickly ran to the trees, having caught up with Edmund who was waiting for them at the border. 

***
It was almost the sunset. Overcoming mile after mile, the vampire and people kept the way to fallen Vedentor, where they were waited by soldiers. 
''Wait!'' suddenly said John, hearing behind them a chase.
His ears could discern voices of brothers and growl of a dozen wolves that went on their trail.
''No, we have to lead them into a trap,'' said Anna; she was hoping to reach her father before they can catch them. 
After a couple of miles away John slipped off the horseback and fell to the ground. Edmund and Anna stopped. They went back; Anna got off the horse and tried to lift the vampire on his feet in order to help him to get back in the saddle, but John pushed her from himself. 
''Get up, John!'' in panic shouted Ed, who was also waiting for him. 
Then the vampire stood up, grabbed the girl by the hand and led her to the boy.
''Saddle the horse and go! I'll draw them away from you!’’ said John, pointing to the horse, on which was sitting the boy.
"No!" said they with one voice.
''They follow the smell of my blood! I should draw them away!'' nervously shouted the vampire.
''Blood! You need a blood to heal!'' said Anna and at the same moment pointed on her neck.
''No! I don't dare!'' said John and then turned toward the enemies, where the noise was heard even louder.
''But you're going to die!'' 
Then the vampire pulled out a bloody dagger from his belt and handed it to Anna.
''Take care of it as your own life!'' he said.
Taking the weapon, the girl nodded, but she didn't understand what that was meant.
The vampire saddled his horse and ordered the people to run. He hit the animal in the sides and raced to the other side. Their ways parted. 
John was beating the horse with all forces. 
''Argus, voice!'' shouted John, glancing at the wolf, who was racing next to him.
Then after his words there came a prolonged howl, coming from Argus. By this way the wolf began to decoy the enemies.
Fifty of beasts, hearing his call, rushed toward him; a lot of riders also followed behind them.
At the place where the ways had parted, the enemies swerved to the side of John, but dozen of black wolves also rushed to the side of the people.  
Argus kept howling; this prolonged howl was so loud that Anna and Edmund could hear it also. Passing hills and jumping over protruding roots of the trees, John was on his way to the white crag; he knew that there he has more chances to destroy the number of enemies that were pursuing him. It was only necessary to lure them in there, but he needed more time. 
The bay stallion wasn't as rapid as Demon; every obstacle slowed him, and each branch that was smashing into it head terrified him. The horse was weak, so it slowed down. But the vampire were beating the horse with all forces, hearing the wild roar of predators behind; he tried to accelerate the horse, but despite all his attempts to force the animal to move faster, the stallion still was slow. Blood flowed from nostrils of the horse and its mouth was covered with endless white foam. Its heavy breathing sounded through the dense thicket. 
The howling of Argus ceased when John saw wolves behind, which were pursuing them. There were many and they were fast. Till the white crag were only about few tens of meters, but this path had been difficult.  
Baring the sword, the vampire was ready to reflect attacks of the predators that came very close. A first one blow reached the horse; a furious beast dug his teeth and claws into the hooves of the poor horse and knocked it down on the ground. 
John rushed down to the ground with falling horse, but before he could touch the ground he felt a strong jolt - it was another beast that pushed him aside, having grasped his shoulder by huge jaws. John fell on the ground and dropped his sword; he had to defend himself with his own hands. He grasped the predator by the neck and held it with full force, not allowing the sharp fangs to reach his neck. Suddenly the huge beast had bounced off from the vampire for few meters, at the same moment John saw Argus - it was he who had knocked the beast off, protecting John. There started a deadly battle between wolves. Other animals also rushed into the battle. Dozens of rabid wolves threw Argus from side to side; they were tearing his skin, leaving severe injuries on his body. The huge clod of animals was rolling along the ground, bumping into the tree trunks and leaving a trail of fresh blood. John was trying to help him, but he could not.
Other wolves surrounded John from all sides and started to attack him. Scratching, biting and knocking him down, the animals craved his flesh. With a loud roar they kept to rush on the vampire, again and again. 
Killing one after another, John slowly was moving toward the crag. Under his feet there wasn't visible any green grass or earth; all the ground was covered by red color of blood of dead animals. Heads and limbs were lying separately from corpses of the animals. The cold earth had no time to absorb the all puddles of hot blood by which it was enveloped.    
Soon the dozens of predators, which surrounded John, stopped attack him so fast like did it the other wolves. Fear came into the eyes of the animals; they were afraid of the enemy. They realized that the enemy surpasses them all; therefore, having surrounded him, the animals began to wait for riders. 
Bleeding, the vampire realized that the animals are not as stupid as he thought. However, despite the waiting of the owners, some of the wolves still kept attacking the vampire, wishing his death, but their attempts were in vain. John's sharp sword always was ready, and his clear eyes allowed him to keep track of each of them.
Watching the movements of each of the rabid beasts, John all the time looked back in the direction from where there could be heard a mournful cry of Argus. Among dozens of predators the vampire tried to find his wolf by eyes, but he could only hear his painful cry in the middle of the angry crowd of animals.   
Finally there came a clatter of horses' hooves. Fixing his gaze toward there, John saw his brothers which were dressed in black cloaks and hoods. There were not so much, compared to the clawed creatures. Having bared their swords, the riders were approaching John at high speed; at this moment the wolves again began to attack the enemy. 
John reflected one attack, then a second one and again looked in the direction to find Argus - his bloodied body lay there motionless. On the cold ground beside Argus there were about four enemy wolves, which he killed. One of them tried to get up, spraying blood on the ground and the nearest trees; the blood was flowing by strong stream from its abdomen without stopping.
John's eyes turned yellow from rage. He got strong and dashed from the horsemen toward the white crag. The beasts and riders rushed after him.
Making the way through the trees and jumping over roots that spread along the ground, the vampire was approaching the border. But soon two predators knocked him down. 
Two wolves knocked him to the ground; one of them dug his sharp teeth into his leg and the other one into his neck. John screamed out in pain and grabbed by hands the lower and upper jaw of the beast; he began to unclench the grip of the black wolf to get rid of its fangs on his neck. Opening its mouth wider and wider, John soon ripped it. Having grabbed John's leg, the second beast did not want to let him go. Then the vampire struck the predator on the head by free foot and tried to stand up, but the toothy creature was persistent; it again clung to his leg by claws, then John hit the wolf even stronger, but at the same moment he was attacked by another wolf. Another beast grabbed his shirt and began tearing it. John reached for his sword, picked it up and then thrust the blade into the forehead of the animal. He threw the dead body off himself and tried to kill another predator that clung into his leg, but this beast was agile; it constantly jumped to the sides from the sharp sword. Finally John got to his feet, but he was again attacked by three predators. The animals did not allow the vampire to come closer even on a step to the crag. The riders were very close.
The vampire jumped aside from another attack of a black predator; he overpassed it from the side, jumped on its back and then pressed the beast between the legs. John grabbed the huge head of the wolf by hands; he jerked it up and turned to a side and then snapped it neck. The next animal he killed with a single kick, which fell on it heart; taking a few steps, the animal dropped dead to the ground. Then John ran.
John lost a lot of blood and he was feeling a severe pain, but he kept running. Soon he crossed the border. The white rock was very close now. The lights of the departing sun painted the white stones in red color, as if hinting him that he is destined to death.
In halfway the riders overtook the traitor; they plunged a sword into his back. John fell down. Seven brothers surrounded him. Four of them got off the horses and approached the victim. There came a loud laugh.
''You're pitiful!'' 
They grasped John under his arms and put him on his knees; one of them pulled the sword out of his back and then again thrust the blade into his stomach. John cried out. Trying to get rid of iron in his body, he rose to his feet, but then his brothers plunged another sword in his chest to stop his attempts to escape. 
''Now you cannot escape!'' said one of the brothers, kneeling beside John.
Blood flowed from John's mouth by a strong stream with each exhalation. His breathing was heavy, and his eyes acquired a gray color. He was getting weaker with each second. 
''You were a great warrior. Ours warrior! And now?! What happened to you?! Look at yourself! Is that the way you wanted to meet your death?! You really ready to die for her... what was her name...,''
''Anna!'' said the other vampire. 
''Yes... Anna!'' laughed others.
''Well, I'll grant you a wish! Of course, you will not see her death, because our beasts also rushed after her,'' 
Glancing at the brother, John didn't understand what he's talking about, because he was sure that the people are safe.
''The animals are ripping them to pieces right now...probably,'' laughed the vampire who was kneeling beside John.
Due to the heavy bleeding from mouth, John could not anything to say or ask. His body grew cold, and his heartbeat slowed down.
''I hope she also suffered like you will suffer!'' again laughed the vampire.
''How about you?'' said John and grabbed the sword by the handle; he pulled the blade from the chest and then thrust it into his brother's heart. 
''No!'' screamed the rest of the vampires and tried to kill the traitor.
 John left the weapon inside of the body and pulled a sword from the belly; he repulsed attacks of other two brothers and then chopped their heads off. The other riders began to cause cutting and piercing wounds to him, but John felt no pain anymore.  
He had ripped opened the belly of another vampire, stepped on its body and jumped into a saddle; he struck the horse at the flanks and rushed toward the rock. The enemies rushed after him. When the riders caught up with the fugitive, they tried to knock down John's horse; they kept cutting the animal with swords, inflicting deep wounds, but despite all the pain, the horse raced ahead, approaching the crag. The enemies didn't know what could happen there on the white crag, so, they didn't think to stop.  
Finally John crossed the border of the white crag. He raced up the path and all the time looked around, searching blue predators. Soon one of the riders jumped on the back of John's stallion; he was behind him. The vampire threw John to the ground and then sunk teeth into his neck. Then, having grabbed the brother's head, John broke it neck, but at the same moment his chest was struck by another sword. He had no more strength to fight; he remained lying on the stone ground in a pool of his own blood. 
Five wolves were running from side to side, examining the area. They were worried about something, but the vampires didn't pay any attention on the animals. All the riders dismounted from their horses and surrounded the traitor. 
Lying on the back and listening the own rare and heavy breathing, John looked up; he wished to see the sky that was covered with last rays of the setting sun, but instead this he had seen his brothers, which were standing over his half-dead body.
Two of the vampires grabbed him under the arms and dragged him toward a stone wall; they placed him so he leaned against the white wall by back. They by turns started to sink their fangs into his neck, drinking the rare blood. John did not flinch from the pain and he didn't scream, because he felt nothing. He was not afraid of death that was so clearly for him, in his heart there wasn't any more hope for life. His eyes weren't yellow as before, there were only darkness and cold. Blood didn't flow out of his deep cuts anymore, because he had lost all of it. And his weakened heart was not able to withstand all of this; with each second its rhythm was slowing down.
Feeling last beats of the heart, John thought about Anna and, making a last breath, he quietly and illegibly said: 
''Anna,''
Then there came a loud and short scream, then a second one, third, and two more later. The vampires were distracted from John. They looked back from whence was came the noise, but no matter how long they tried to listen, they heard nothing; there was silence. 
''What was that?!'' 
But the others just shrugged their shoulders. The murderers saw only the horses and drops of blood on the white stone nearby. Soon the vampires noticed that in that area there were no wolves. They tried to call the beasts, but wolves didn't come to their voice. Then, having bared the swords, the enemies headed in the direction from whence came the cry. Having approached the horses, they stopped - they had noticed something. 
''You saw it too? There, behind the stone?'' 
''Yes,''
''What was that?''
''I don't know,''
Suddenly from above, a few steps away from them there jumped off the stone a huge blue beast. Stepping backward, the vampires looked at him; they looked right in his eye. 
After examining each of them, the beast turned his head toward John, but John immediately lowered his head, not daring to exchange with him by mutual look. Then the predator again turned his attention to the vampires and spotted them, because they all at once made him a challenge. The beast bared his wide jaw and let out a great roar that was reflected by a loud echo through the stone house. 
The frightened horses reared and ran away. The vampires ran after the fugitives, but their path was blocked by two blue tigers. The dangerous predators, which appeared seemingly out of nowhere, surrounded their victims from all sides; slowly moving toward them, they lured the vampires to a wall. Fear filled eyes of the vampires. Their knees began to tremble involuntarily, because they had never seen these animals before. Twenty tigers of different sizes surrounded the strangers. 
Soon there appeared another tiger; he slowly walked through the predators. He was much larger than the others, his fangs were longer than of others, and his fur had a bright blue color with sheen. His fur seemed was glowing. This beast was a leader.  
Suddenly this tiger bared his jaws and first rushed into a battle, the other tigers rushed after him. 
John barely began to move away from the screams and painful moans of his brothers; without standing, he tried to get to the top of the crag. 

***
Staying on trees, Anna and Edmund were hiding from predators which tried to get them, scrambling over the thick trunks up. The girl and the boy were on different trees. 
''Hold on, Ed!'' she pleaded.
But the toothy creatures did not give up. Each time, slipping down and falling, they repeated their attempts to climb the trees again and again. 

***
After about ten meters John stopped, he had no more strength to move forward. He leaned back against a white wall and directed his gaze across a narrow crack that was in the opposite stone wall. The red lights of departing sun surrounded him, John stared at light, but the sun didn't heal him; his body temperature did not rise - it kept falling with even greater speed.  Soon his skin turned white, and his hands and feet became cold as winter morning. The cries of brothers had long subsided. They were dead.
Shivering, the vampire didn't understand why the sun did not give him strength - it kept killing him, but despite this John still had hope; he was waiting. Soon he could no longer feel his legs. Listening to the rare sound of own heart, the vampire knew that when the last ray disappear, he won't be able to survive, but the sun all the same was hiding behind the horizon. Suddenly he noticed that there was silence around. He heard neither birdsong, nor the blue tigers which were nearby, nor wind. In a moment the vampire thought that he's dead. He turned his head to the side, where there were lying ripped corpses of the brothers; he wanted to know what happened to the tigers, but besides the dead bodies, he saw nothing. John again turned his head toward the crack to look at the fiery light, but there he saw the leader of predators.    
The beast was very clever and cunning; he knew this vampire who used to come here often. The leader had passed him from side, knowing that John has to direct his gaze exactly toward this side. John was caught. Finally after so many years their eyes met. All the other tigers began to surround the vampire, but they did not approach him closer than five meters. This sacrifice wasn't a common prey; the leader of the tribe had spotted him a long time ago. When John was strong as before, the beast would have never approached him, but knowing that he's wounded the predator took a moment and issued a challenge him by self. 
The tiger started to approach to the victim; his wide jaw was closed and he didn't think to issue a loud roar before attack, because he knew that John was very light prey and he would not hurt him. The beast approached him by face to face; they stared each other’s eyes not taking the gaze. John now knew exactly how and where he will meet his end; therefore, he kept looking into the eyes of his death without fear. 
''Come on! Let's end this right now!'' barely whispered John.
Then the beast gently leaned his front paws on the belly of the vampire; he bared his long claws and then plunged them deeply into his cold body. Then the predator wide had opened the bloody jaws and, slowly, as if afraid, grabbed John by the shoulder. His fangs slowly entered the flesh of the vampire. Soon the leader began to tear his shoulder by quick movements. John felt no pain, but he distinctly was hearing the crunch that was heard from the breaking clavicle and other bones. Having realized that the bone is not so easy to break the beast plunged its fangs into John's neck, but at the same moment he heard a roar coming from corpses. The leader was distracted; he took out his teeth from the flesh of his victim and fixed his eyes to the side. John also drew attention to the familiar-sounding roar.
There was Argus. Slowly approaching, he bared his bloody jaws and was looking on John and then on the enemy by turns. The black wolf limped on his front paw, from which there protruded a white bone. He had only one ear, and his fur in some places was torn out with skin. Blood was pouring from his numerous wounds. Argus never used to come to the white cliffs before, because he was afraid of the predators that lived there, but in this moment in his eyes there was no fear. He came to make a challenge to the leader to protect John.
Other tigers stepped aside to open a path, seeing the wolf; they did not think to interfere in the forthcoming fight. In laws of the pack the one who will win a leader, becomes their new leader, whether it is a human, vampire or wolf. It seemed that Argus had no chances, because the blue beast was about three times bigger than he and therefore - stronger. It was like a fight between a dog and a bear.
The leader was outraged; he bared the wide jaws and began loudly to roar, slowly stepping closer toward the enemy. Roar of the wolf and of the tiger merged into one, the two predators were circling around each other, learning a scent of each other and preparing for a mortal combat. They knew that only one of them will survive. 
Finally the leader made the first move - he pounced on his foe; his sharp claws dug into the ribs of the wolf, and his long fangs dug into his flesh. Argus bellowed in pain and fell to the ground. The tiger was tearing him with all forces, breaking his ribs one after another by long fangs. Having grabbed the tiger's paw, the wolf also began to break it, jerking it by teeth. The leader roared from the pain and freed the wolf then Argus jumped to his paws and gripped into the tiger by teeth. 
Rolling on the ground, predators were tearing each other with teeth and claws, leaving scarlet blood sprays on the stone ground. Through their cries and roar was heard a crunch of breaking bones and a crackling of tearing skin. The black wolf was many times weaker, so the tiger kept throwing him into the walls with strong blows. But rising each time, Argus again and again rushed into the unequal battle. The long fangs of the leader kept piercing the body of the black beast so deep, that each of this bites tore his organs inside, causing him severe pain and mortal wounds.
Lying on the ground, the tiger plunged his claws and teeth into the chest of the wolf, and Argus buried his teeth in its neck, but at the same moment the leader had wrapped the huge paws around the small body of the enemy and then dug his fangs into its head, and blinded the wolf in one eye. They were growling loudly, lying on the stone floor in a puddle of blood. Then Argus bared his sharp claws on hind paws and with one strong jerk had scratched abdomen of the leader. The tiger roared from the pain and broke free from the grip of the opponent; he bounced aside and began to move from spot to spot from the wild pain; blood was flowing out the deep cuts of the claws on his abdomen. 
Argus barely got up on his shaking paws; he did not dare to join battle again. Suffering from the wild pain in his torn eye, he was shaking his head in different directions, spraying blood on the stone walls. The wolf didn’t notice the approaching enemy - he was again attacked. Two beasts again grappled with each other, tearing each other by teeth.  
Finally, the tiger once again plunged long fangs in the chest of the wolf and with one motion tore out a couple of ribs. Argus surrendered. Argus realized that his wolf's teeth are not able to defeat such a large predator. 
The tiger grabbed the wolf by skin and threw him with all power along the ground; Argus just stayed down on the stone floor, not having any strength to stand up. The leader walked over to him and began cutting his abdomen and chest with sharp claws. Each time plunging the long fangs into the wolf, the winner inflicted deep open wounds to him. Blood was spurting out of the severe cuts. Argus tried to push the enemy back, but all his attempts were in vain. Final blow came in the neck of the black beast; the leader plunged his fangs into the neck of Argus and threw him to the side. The wolf fell on his side beside John and began to whine. Several ribs protruded from his body. 
The leader swallowed a piece of flesh of the wolf that was left in his jaws and headed to Argus. Having bared jaw, he thought to strike a last one blow - fatal blow.
John looked at the black animal which was lying on the ground two meters away from him, but he couldn't help. He just watched a thick pool of blood spreading wider and wider around Argus. Breathing heavily, the wolf waited for death. 
The leader approached Argus and leaned its front paws on his chest; he bowed his head and bared his jaw to inflict another bite.
Black wolves were different from other animals - they had a death grip. Their jaws had such a form that these predators could keep a victim for hours, for days. Nothing could make them loosen such a strong grip, nor rain, nor pain, nor even death. Protecting the owner, Argus knew that the blue tiger is not a rival for him - it's only death. His teeth were not as sharp and powerful as the blue beast, so it was impossible to inflict a deadly damage in battle. 
 The leader roared and was ready to kill the opponent, but he was distracted by voice.
''No!'' 
It was John. The leader drew attention to the vampire and turned his head to his side. Stupid animal made a mistake. For a moment the neck of the tiger became open - Argus reached it; he grasped the predator's throat by teeth and tightly had closed his jaw. The tiger roared. 
The predator leaned his front paws on head of the wolf and began to scratch it by sharp claws, trying to free himself from its grip. Loud growling, he was shaking his head in different directions and tried to grab the enemy by teeth, but he could not. 
The predator tried to kill the black beast, cutting the skin of it head by sharp claws, but despite the excruciating pain the wolf kept holding the enemy. The tiger kept shaking his head in different directions, making sudden jerks - this was a huge mistake from his part. Saber-toothed beast was very strong, therefore, he made one more powerful jerk to free itself from jaw of the enemy, and finally he broke free. For freedom he paid with his life. 
The tiger began to run from side to side, leaving bloody sprays on the stone ground. Bright red blood flowed by stream out of his throat. When the leader finally dropped dead, Argus barely got up and then he spat out the throat of the defeated enemy, after that there came a loud roar from other tigers. Fear enveloped the animals; they rushed to escape, hiding in their caves. 
Limping, Argus went toward the vampire. After two steps he fell down, but he got up again and went on.
''My friend,'' murmured John and stretched out his arm to touch the wolf's wool.
Trembling from weakness, the predator stood up beside the vampire. Blood flowed from his chest by a thin stream on John's legs. The bright red blood also flowed from his abdomen. John glanced at protruding ribs of the animal and winced.
John listened the heavy and hoarse breathing of the wolf, looking into his one eye that dimmed with each passing second. John was silent; he touched and stroked its wet wool. He was examining it wounds incompatible with life. There was so quiet and peaceful, it seemed that everything is over and there is only death and nothing more. 
''Together till the end, right?'' with a little smile whispered John by trembling from cold lips.
In his eyes there was no joy, on the contrary, despite the smile, his eyes were filled with sorrow and pain. 
Argus buried his nose in chest of the vampire and began to whine. His body was shaking; he fell. After a moment the wolf stood up and then opened jaws; he gently grabbed the vampire's wrist, pulled his hand toward the own chest and loosened the grip. John's palm got under a stream of hot blood that was flowing out of chest of the beast. Mutually looking into the wolf eye, John realized what he wants. The vampire put his both hands under the stream and began to drink the blood. At that moment Argus stood quietly, trying to stay on his shaking paws as much as possible.
Soon, despite of all his efforts, his strength was gone; the beast fell down on John's knees. 
Stroking the wolf's back, John listened to his rare breath and loud wheezing. He fixed his gaze on the departing light of sun; he hoped that the sun's rays would heal his wounds as before, but this didn't happen. Scarlet light was falling lower and lower. Watching the light, John knew that he wouldn't live when the sun will go down behind the stone and will disappear from his sight. His eyes were all the same dim and his skin was all the same cold.  
Waiting the sun, the vampire began to remember all those people he had killed before. In front of his eyes, as if in a dream, there began to appear all the victims; there were people who died by his hands. Staring at everyone's face, John had seen children, women and men. Looking at them, he remembered theirs last breath and their frightened eyes by which they were looking at him before death. He remembered their screams. He knew how much grief he brought to families whose children he had once killed. He remembered the warm blood on his hands and remembered the wild pain from which all these people were screaming before death. He remembered own laughter and smiles through which he looked into eyes of the poor children, women and men.
John held his breath. For the first time in his life his eyes filled with tears. He directed his gaze on the last ray of the departing sun and began to speak. 
''I know I deserve to die,'' he said by trembling lips. ''So many innocent lives was taken by me, so many fates were broken. I know you want to take my life here and right now for all my mistakes,''
He made a long pause and looked at Argus. John didn't hear a loud wheezing or heavy breathing from the wolf. He will never hear his terrifying roar and he will never touch his warm and thick wool again. Will never look into his captivating green eyes. Argus died. He lay on John's knees, burying its cold nose into his stomach. The body of the beast was cold. Blood did not flow from his deep wounds - it was frozen. Black wolf no longer felt pain or fear. He was gone forever into his own world. At the last moment of his life when his heart already stopped Argus saw something. This vision lasted only a second, but for him this moment was an eternity. He wasn't on the white cliff, he wasn't bleeding and didn't feel the excruciating pain. Argus was running across the green field where there was the apple-tree, and Edmund was running after him, laughing joyfully and shouting something after him.
John clenched his teeth and again glanced at the sun that was hiding behind the white wall. 
''Give me strength. This is my last request, please!'' whispered John, barely holding back tears.
But no matter how much he asked, the darkness continued to envelop him. A last little ray of the sun had disappeared.
''Let me save her!'' suddenly shouted he, having bared his fangs. 
At the same moment from behind the dark cleft there appeared a bright ray of sunshine. It was not as red as before. Yellow light, like a powerful flash, crashed into the gray eyes of the vampire, pinning him to the wall. The bright flame of sunlight illuminated all around, blinding saber-toothed tigers that were watching over the stranger. John's eyes filled with fiery yellow color, they were so bright like never before. His wounds began to heal with great speed, and his heart quickened its rhythm. Powerful blows of his heart began to pump the blood through his cold body. A moment later his temperature rose to limit.
The bright flash of the sun disappeared, but eyes of the vampire still illuminated the darkness all around. His breath spewed a fiery steam which was rising up, as if a dragon has awakened after a long sleep.
John clenched his hands into fists and rose to his feet and, having glanced at corpses of his brothers, headed to tigers. The animals crouched because of fear. Black wolf killed the leader and took its power, but the predators saw how John drank blood of the winner, they believed that the vampire killed him, so John became their new leader.  
The vampire approached the animals and glanced into the eyes of everyone, whereupon all of them turned away their heads, trembling with fear. John stretched out his hand to one of them and for the first time touched the blue tiger's wool. It was very soft to the touch, like feathers of a small chicken. Soon, moving away from the trembling beast, the vampire directed his gaze into a distance, from whence he could hear a loud neighing of escaped horses. Having looked at predators, which were slowly crawling to him, John said:
''Have a job for you!''
After that the animals immediately rushed to him, but their movements were still careful and slow. Tucking tails from fear, they began to fawn on John, hoping to gain his respect and trust. 

***
Ed and Anna were looking down on the ground; in the darkness they couldn't see the angry wolves which tried to reach them. Through the darkness they could hear only theirs wild roar and crackling of twigs below. 
The rabid animals tried to climb up the thick trunks of trees; they were scratching trees by sharp claws, leaving deep holes in trunks. Anna and Edmund looked at each other, staying on different trees. They were in a distance about three meters from each other, and dozen hungry beasts waited for them below. The boy's cries sounded by loud echo through the dense forest, he was afraid to fall. His strength began to leave him, and his wet hands were slipping.
''Hold on!'' each time repeated Anna, fearing that the boy may at any time give up. 
They had nowhere to retreat. They had no weapons to fend off the endless attacks of the animals, no horses to escape. Anna had only a dagger that was given to her by John, but it was powerless against the dozen enormous wolves. Holding on the branches, they had to wait only until morning and wait for rescue from someone. Because of the loud crying of the child most of the animals tried to get him. 
Again and again climbing up, the wolves kept rocking the tree on which there was Ed. The boy's forces were exhausted; his trembling legs were slipping down toward the ground right into the jaw of predators.
''Edmund, hold on!'' was shouting Anna.
But the boy didn't hear her; he heard only an enraged roar of the wild animals at the bottom. One of them climbed up too high, he was close to feet of the child. The beast tightly clutched claws at the tree trunk; it intended to grab the prey that was very close. Edmund could not see anything due to the tears that were streaming down his cheeks. His blurred eyesight didn't let him to see the predator that was under his feet. Ed realized the danger only after when huge sharp teeth of the wolf dug into his leg. 
Firmly grabbing the victim, the beast began to get down from the tree.
''Anna, help me!'' shouted the child in all throat, trying to hold on to the branch. 
The girl couldn't nothing to do, all attempts to get down were in vain; hungry animals did not allow her to step on the ground.
The wolf was much stronger than boy, so the beast easily took the child off the tree with a little effort. Edmund fell into a deadly trap from where he wasn't destined to escape alive. In anticipation of fresh meat all the beasts rushed to him, leaving the girl unattended. 
Despite the fact that Anna closed her ears by hands, she was hearing wild screams. She closed her eyes and felt how her soul flies into a black abyss, from whence there wasn't a way back. 
After a moment she noticed something. She noticed that the loud screams were not of human. The painful squeal belonged to the wolves. Anna directed her eyes to the ground, but she couldn't see anything.
Edmund fell on the hard ground and tried to push the big beast of himself, hitting it over its head by free leg, but by this way he angered the wolf even more. Having surrounded their prey, the wolves intended to break it, but at the same moment they heard a noise behind; they were distracted from child. The angry wolves began to disappear into the darkness one after another, uttering loud cries.
Edmund covered his face by hands, trying to hide from one of the beasts. The wolf dug his claws into his chest; Edmund screamed out in pain. 
Having opened widely mouth, the wolf was ready to make a fatal bite. Its sharp teeth crept very close to the neck of the boy; its fangs half dug into his flesh. Loud growling, the beast wasn't able to sink his teeth deeper - something stopped him. It was John; he grabbed the wolf's jaws by both hands and didn't let him to clamp it.
The vampire gathered all forces; he opened jaws of the beast, grabbed it by head and then threw it aside. But the black wolf again rose to its paws and rushed toward John.
John knelt down to look at wounds of the child, oblivious to the fierce predator that was coming right towards him.
''John!'' pointing finger at the animal, shouted Ed.
But the vampire did not attach any importance; he continued to examine wounds on the little body of the child, because he didn't come alone.
The wolf was defeated before he could get close to the vampire; four saber-toothed tigers attacked the animal and tore it to pieces for a short moment. 

Chapter fifteen.
DEAD MAN'S BLOOD.

Dawn. The morning wasn't as beautiful and bright as before. The sun hid behind the grey clouds, it seemed like it did not want to appear, because it blamed itself for what had happened in the last night. 
Two hundred warriors sat on the cold ground in thought beside the black coals of Vedentor. Many of them, despite of the harsh appearance, were crying in memory of their families. The rest of the soldiers, who could somehow restrain themselves from the surging grief, wandered through the coals; they were picking up all silver weapons which were buried in charred boards. Two squads will never go for bypassing their borders to protect home, because there was nothing left. They had no families, no home, nor any joy, as they believed, in their cursed life. 
''Commander!'' suddenly there came a voice. 
Dolan glanced on one of men who pointed to somewhere by finger. Commander stood up from a spot where he sat up all night, crying and grieving for daughter. His tired eyes again had filled with tears, he saw Anna. 
Anna walked next to John, holding his hand. The vampire was leading his horse, holding it by reins, on the horseback there was Edmund; he was sitting with a bandaged foot and his shirt was full of blood.
''Dad!'' cried the girl and then ran to father. 
Watching their warm hugs, the vampire continued to approach the people which slowly began to surround him. 
''They'll kill you, John!'' excitedly said Ed, looking at the warriors that surrounded them.
But the vampire remained silent. He was unarmed, his sword was somewhere near white rock. When the soldiers had approached him quite close, John stopped. He carefully watched their movements and hands. He released the horse’s reins and was ready to fight again.  
''Have you seen my wife? She was in a black dress. She has large green eyes and short hair!'' pointing to shoulders, said one of the men.
''And my son? My son is alive?'' 
''My parents. You haven't seen them?'' 
The soldiers began to interrupt each other, shouting questions. They were describing their children, wives and parents. They were wondering if they are alive or no. John was confused. Listening to people, he couldn't answer anything. Maybe there in cages were those people that were discussed, but the vampire couldn't say for sure.
''I don't know! I don't know!'' he said.
But despite this, people still continued with great obstinacy asking him questions. 
''Enough!'' shouted commander. 
The soldiers stepped aside. Dolan approached John. Their eyes met again in mutual gaze. Hatred and anger were devouring them both inside. Looking at each other, they were silent, not wanting to utter a single word. Watching them in complete silence, soldiers waited for something. They waited for fight; therefore, putting hands to handles of their swords, the men were ready at any moment to protect their commander. 
''Thank you!'' finally said Dolan through clenched teeth. 
John was silent; he didn’t want to talk with the enemy. At last time, having looked into the grey eyes of Dolan, the vampire said:
''Get away!'' 
Dolan took a few steps back and lowered his head; he felt guilty for the rest of the warriors, whose relatives still were in trap of enemy.
John took the wounded boy from his horse and gave it into hands of one of the soldiers. Edmund could not even to stand on feet, he was feeling severe pain. The cuts on his chest were very deep and its had to be stitched.
''Take care of him!'' said John and looked into blue eyes of one of the men in whose hands was Ed. 
He approached Anna and held out his hand to her. 
''Give me back a dagger!'' he ordered in a harsh tone.
Then the girl handed him the knife, not knowing why he need it, because it was impossible to kill someone by this little weapon.
John put the dagger under his belt, silently turned around and headed for horse.
''Where are you going?'' Anna caught up with the vampire.
But John sat up on horse, not paying attention to the girl. Anna grabbed the horse's reins and didn't allow the vampire to leave.  
''Why are you leaving?'' 
''Let me go, Anna!'' said John angrily.
''What's the matter? Why are you doing this to me?!'' without understanding, she said.
John took a deep breath, looked at her, and then he glanced at the rest of the soldiers that crowded around them. After moment he dismounted; he painfully grabbed Anna's hand, took her aside away from people, in order they could not hear them. 
''You're hurting me, John!''
''I offered you escape, but you didn't want to leave your daddy, who even did not deign to come with me to get you back!'' 
''He just didn't believe you,''
''No! Your dad and all your kind are cowards! Because of them...,'' having raised voice, said John. ''Because of you I lost everything! If you went with me before all this wouldn't have happened!'' 
''I am so sorry for Argus, John!'' murmured she.
''No, you feel sorry only for those people who are trapped there under the ground!''
''That's not true!''
John paused and turned away to not look into her eyes. 
''If you really think it's all because of me, then go. We'll go also, as far as possible, that no one can find us,''
''Go! You're useless. Now you're on your own!''
Severe pain swept through heart of Anna after his words. 
''You can go with us,'' she said, glancing on his back.
''I'm staying, Anna,''
''But here you'll meet only death!''
''I know. But if I don't stay, the death will come for you!''
The girl fell in thought.
''What do you want to do?'' 
John again approached her and put his palm on her cheek.
''If I don't stop Valafar, he will come for you. He will find you even on edge of the earth!'' 
''You can't do it alone, it's suicide! Come with us, we will hide!'' 
''I don't want you to live in perpetual fear,'' said the vampire and walked to the horse.
Anna didn't try to stop him again. She approached dad and start talking with him about something.
John asked for sword one of the soldiers; the man carefully handed him his weapon. John climbed into a saddle and for last time looked at Anna and at the men, after that he softly hit the horse and headed toward the forest. 
''Going somewhere?'' suddenly he heard the voice of Dolan.
John stopped. He turned to the commander. When the man approached him quite close, he dismounted. 
''Stay there!'' roughly ordered John.
Dolan stopped two steps from the enemy. 
‘’I just wanted to thank you,'' said the commander. ''I didn't believe you before. You brought her, you kept your word. A few days ago I would cut off my tongue for saying this...but now I really say thank you!’’
Having approached him, John put his hand on his shoulder and, looking into his gray eyes, said:
''You have to put your words of gratitude in your...,'' he whispered angrily, but didn’t finish.
He was distracted by soldiers who saddled their horses and armed; they were about to going somewhere. John removed his hand from shoulder of Dolan and began to watch the fuss. The cavalry formed two lines and were directed in the direction where John supposed to go. 
''You took my wife's life, but gave life to my daughter,'' said the commander. If you have a plan, we will follow you,''
John looked up at the commander. In his heart there were not the hatred and anger as a few moments ago. He was surprised. 
''Do not understand,'' 
After a heavy sigh, Dolan began to speak.
''I know that your father...,''
''He's not my father!'' interrupted John.
''Valafar!'' said the man. He will not let us go, right?'' 
''It's true,''
Dolan had directed his gaze to the daughter and then at the soldiers, he sighed heavily and again turned to the vampire.
''We can't run and can't fight,''
''Because you’re cowards and weaklings. Among you there are neither strong nor brave,''
Dolan didn't like these words. ''Idiot!'', thought he.
‘’Look at you! We lost our house because of you! After all, you brought them to us and almost ruined my daughter, you're stupid bastard. Smug fool who consider yourself better than us!’’  
After these words John approached the man and grabbed him by throat. His eyes ignited with yellow light. 
''Watch your words!'' said John.
After a moment he noticed Anna, who watched them; therefore John stepped aside from the commander.
''I'm not afraid of you!'' coughing, said Dolan.
Riders carefully watched the movements of John. At any moment they were ready to bare their swords and defend the commander.
''You want to say that I'm wrong?!'' continued the man. ''Do you really think it's easy for me to stand here and now right next to you, with the murderer of my wife?'' 
The vampire fell silent. He stared into the desperate eyes of the man.
''I offer my help to you not for myself and not for you!'' said the commander and then he pointed at Anna and the rest of the soldiers. ''I offer my help for their sake!'' 
''Do you believe me? What if I lead you into a trap?'' interrupted John.
‘’I don't believe you!’’ shouted Dolan. ''She believes!'' pointing on daughter, he added.
Then the vampire looked at Anna; he drew attention on her eyes, which were naive with a big ray of hope.
‘’She told me all about you. I don't know what she saw in you,'' through clenched teeth angrily said Dolan. ''Maybe it was supposed to happen, maybe you really have changed since before, as you killed my...,’’ 
''So are you with me or not?!'' interrupted John.
''Do not think that you are my ally now,''
''Are you with me?!'' persistently asked the vampire again.
Taking a deep breath, the commander replied:
''Yeah, I'm with you!''
After that John glanced at the riders. 
''How do we kill him?'' asked Dolan.
John smiled, showing fangs.
''We don't kill Valafar,'' he said and looked at Dolan. ''He awaits the fate worse than any death,''
After these words the vampire pulled out a dagger from his belt, on blade of which there was blood of Ruler. 
''You going to kill him with this dagger?'' was surprised the commander.
''Now this is no ordinary dagger,'' said John and then headed for horses.
Dolan went after him.
''I don't know what you have in your mind, but we don't have enough men, John! We have no army,''
John looked up at the riders and then at Dolan.
''You are very wrong! We have an army!'' smiled the vampire.
Frowning, the commander did not understand what was meant by John.
''What? Where?!''
''Do you know how many people are being held hostage in my house? We need to release them,''
''You're talking about impossible!''
''To rescue your daughter for you was impossible also?''  
Dolan thought. He paused. 

***
Sitting on the grass, people carefully watched and listened to John. Surrounded by warriors the vampire was standing in the middle. Beside him there were Dolan and Anna, who also attentively listened to him. John took out the dagger and lifted it up at arm's length. 
''This is our only and last chance to deal with Valafar,'' he said.
''How?''
''Will you kill it by this?''
''Kill it!'' men shouted.
Frowning, John lowered the dagger and ordered the people to shut up.
''Need a detailed plan, John,'' said Dolan.
''I'm not going to kill him!'' 
''Why?'' came questions from men.
''Because no vampire and no human can take his life!''
''What then? What then?''
''I'll send him to the land of the dead!'' said John.  
After his words the people had fallen silent. The vampire listened for a long this, seemed, an endless silence. Looking at the confused faces of the soldiers, John waited for the questions. 
''But it's just a myth!'' finally said someone.
''The dead's - it's just fiction!'' shouted the rest.
''They have always been and will be! You're walking, eating and sleeping on this land that rightfully belongs to the dead riders!'' said the vampire.
''But we never saw them! How do we know you're not lying?!''
''Believe me, if anybody's seen it, be sure – they are already dead! Do you think that the dead's are walking on the ground? Do you think that they're wandering under the scorching sun? No! Since ancient times they're living underground where there is no light, no wind, no rain, nothing, only darkness and eternal suffering! This place is closed and no mortal man will be able to open the gate in there,'' said the vampire.
‘’Well, how are you going to bring Valafar in there then?’’
''I will open the gates!'' said John.
''But you said...,''
 ''Yes, no mortal man can open them, but... there is one way. The blood on whose hands billions of dead souls can open the gate. The gate can open one whose heart like a demon,''
''You?'' 
''No, not me. Idiots,'' said John and then raised the dagger up. ''The blood of Valafar will open the gate,''
''You're wrong, John!'' suddenly interrupted him Dolan. ''Releasing riders, you condemn this world to death. Do you really want to do this? Through the open gate will come creatures far worse than your stupid father! I read about the underworld, to this day I thought it was just a story for children! If this is true, if that world exists, then trust me, when the dead's will come in our world they will destroy everything. Neither you nor I nor Valafar will not be able to stop them!'' 
''Do not think me a fool!'' said John. ''For open the gates full I need more blood, but here on the dagger is not enough! It’s enough for only one of them,''
''So what then? You'll ask him to kill your father? You think a soulless dead man will agree to help you?'' said Dolan. 
''Don't call him my father!'' again repeated John. ''We have to persuade a rider to swap places with Valafar. Any of them would agree to get out of the shit in which they exist!''
''I don't understand, John!'' suddenly said Anna.
''We'll ask a rider to give us some of his blood. We'll cover all of our weapons with his blood: swords, spears, arrows,’’ 
''And then what? How?'' came endless questions from men.
''All we have to do - is pierce the Valafar's heart by blade with blood of a dead rider, and then he will be doomed to eternal suffering. But only his heart. If you pierce heart of another vampire, then the rider will swap with it, then everything will be in vain! We cannot afford to fail!''
''Heart of Valafar?'' said Dolan.
''Yes,''
''You're crazy!''
''What?''
''None of us will be able to get close to him!'' 
''I can,'' said John. ''I'll, if you, dumb bastards, can find some courage and finally show what you're capable of!''
John saw the fear slowly envelops the warriors. Their faces paled, and their fingers were visibly shaking.
''It's time to start a war!'' said the vampire. ''Stop living in fear and hiding! Your fear is your weakness, throw your fear aside and show your enemy what human is capable of! If you are afraid, then go, or you can stay and finally fight! Many of you will die, we can lose this war, but we can win also. The choice is yours!''
After hearing it the soldiers remained silent. Looking at each other, many of them were waiting for someone who will leave away to go after him, but two hundred men stayed in their seats. People had never declared war on vampires; they used hiding, so it was a very important step for them. They didn't know what was waiting for them. Everything was difficult and confusing; the people had many questions, but they did not dare to ask. 
Looking at them, John finally said:
''So are you with me?''
Then men looked at Dolan, waiting for his answer.
Taking a deep breath and clenching his hands into a fist, the commander said:
''Yes,'' 
After this John came closer to Anna and handed to her the bloody dagger.
''You can do it,'' said he.
''Do what?'' not daring to take the weapon, said she.
''What are you doing?'' asked Dolan.
''Anna, you're going to open the gate!'' not paying attention to the commander, said John.
''Me?''
''No! I will not allow, how about you? Why don't you do this?'' again said the commander.
Then John looked at him.
''We have another job!''
''What's job?''
''We have to go to my house, we need an army!''
''But John, how do I...?'' said Anna.
 John took her hand and looked into her blue eyes.
''You can do it! Take as many men as you need! Go to the white rock, if suddenly something wrong will happen then run to saber-toothed tigers - they won't let the enemy to step close to you. Just remember, do not look them in eyes,''
''Why me, John?'' 
''Because I know you can. Do not be afraid!'' 
After his words Anna took the dagger.
''Bury it in the ground and utter the words,'' said John and then approached her ear and whispered something. ''Say it in your mind, don't say it out loud, the words should sound in your head!''
''I'll go with her!'' said Dolan.
''No! You're coming with me!'' 
''Take any of them!'' said the commander, pointing on the riders.
''Okay. Who wields a sword better than you? Point your finger at him!'' said the vampire. 
Then Dolan glanced at the soldiers and fell silent.
''No one? You're coming with me!'' having approached him, said John.
''Just the two of us?'' 
''Yes! Valafar is not in there, but hundreds of vampires will guard the castle. Together we will be able to get in and out unnoticed. While we're in there, Anna will get the blood from rider. By this way we kill two birds,''
''Where do we bring all these people?'' suddenly asked one of men.
''There is the city ten kilometers to the West - Rogborg. I think the king in there accept us,'' said Dolan.
''Anna, take fifty horsemen, and the others with the boy may go to Rogborg,'' ordered John.
After his words the men saddled the horses. The soldiers gently lifted the wounded boy, planted him on horseback and then rushed to the West. A loud clatter of horses ' hoofs were heard for a long time.
''Be careful!'' having approached daughter, said Dolan and then hugged her.
Warriors piled all the weapons that they had in a large rag bag: arrows, spears, swords, daggers, all that horses could carry.
After saying goodbye to daughter, Dolan saddled the gray stallion. He waited for John. 
''Thanks for not losing faith in me!'' said John to Anna. He put his hand on her red hair and kissed her on the lips.
''Take care of him!'' said she to John, pointing at father.
Then John turned to look at him. Squinting, Dolan indignantly was looking at John. Seeing as the vampire kissed the daughter, in the mind of the commander were born thousands of ways to kill him.
Noticing his angry look, John again kissed Anna to spite Dolan. 
''See you in Rogborg,'' said the vampire and kissed her again on the lips.
''Enough already!'' screamed the commander.
Smiling, the vampire headed for the stallion. 

***
After a long way John and Dolan arrived the castle of vampires. It was dawn. Chained wolves still were asleep.  
''How we get inside, through the main entrance?'' asked the commander, looking at the vampire.
''The gate is closed,''
''What then?''
''Wait here!'' ordered John; he hit the horse and rushed to the walls.
Watching him from behind the trees, Dolan did not understand what he wants to do. The black wolves smelled the scent of John, but they were calm, because they knew him.
John got off the horse and approached one of the predators; he took out his sword and then cut off the animal's head. The other beasts began to howl, sensing the fresh scent of meat. He approached the other wolves and began to kill them all till they fell silent. 
After killing the last, he gave a loud whistle then out of the trees appeared Dolan.
''You think that they haven't heard this?'' looking at the decapitated animals, asked the commander. 
''Let's find out!'' said John and looked up.
He looked exactly a window of his room.
''Will you climb there?''
''It is necessary to open the gates! Wait for me!'' said the vampire; he jumped up, grabbed the ledge and began to climb up the wall. 
''Don't break down!'' shouted Dolan after him, then added in a whisper so John doesn't hear it, ''idiot,''
He bared the sword and went to the gate; he began to waiting John in there, examining the human bones that hung on the gates. Ten minutes later he heard a creaking sound coming from the gate. The door swung open. John came out of there.
''Follow me!''
Then, leaving his horse outside, Dolan followed the vampire. On the stone floor there were laying corpses of dead vampires. Holding the sword in hand, the commander was ready to unexpected meeting with an enemy. 
They descended deeper and deeper the stairs. 
''Why is so quiet, John?'' suddenly said the man.
''Wait!'' sharply whispered the vampire and stopped him by hand.
''What is it?'' asked Dolan in a whisper, trying to see an enemy on the stairs ahead.
''You know what?'' 
''What?'' barely audible said Dolan, clutching the sword in his hand even tighter.
Then John turned to him and looked into his frightened eyes.
''You're idiot, not me!'' he grinned and patted the commander on the shoulder.
Dolan rolled his eyes and followed further.
Finally they came in a big hall; they headed down the hallway that led to people. There were so cold, Dolan began to breathing on palms, trying to keep warm. His body noticeably trembled from the hard cold. The man often was glancing at John; he was surprised that John, being in light clothing, even didn't felt the creepy cold. 
''Where is the hostages, we must be quick!'' by trembling voice said the commander.
''Soon,''
They turned a corner and Dolan saw a long corridor with iron cells. They both stopped to look around. From the cages they heard no whispers, no crying, nor any sounds; people froze in fear.
''Let's do this!'' said Dolan and took a step forward. 
At first he approached the cage with kids; the children huddled in a far corner, shaking from fear.  
''Hey, everything will be fine!'' said the commander; he took a key from the wall and inserted the key in the lock.
But at the same moment John grabbed his hand and stopped him.
''Wait!'' he said.
''Let me open it...,'' said the man and pushed the vampire away.
But then John again grabbed it hand and pushed him aside from the cage.
''What are you doing!'' angrily whispered Dolan.
Having glanced into the cage, John squinted. 
''This is not your children!'' he said and took out the key from lock.
''What?'' was surprised the commander.
Dolan approached the iron bars and looked inside, at the same moment the dozen of children rushed to the door. Dolan recoiled back and grabbed his sword.
The children bared their fangs and started yelling, sticking hands out of the cage. John ran up to another cell - it was empty, as in others.
''It's a trap!'' said Dolan.
After his words the young vampires fell silent. Their black eyes were fixed exactly on John.
''We are tired to sit here, John! Let us out!'' they said. 
''Where are the people?!'' asked John.
''We should go!'' looking around, said Dolan.
But John didn't pay any attention to the words of Dolan; he continued the conversation with children.
''Why are you here?! Why are you locked there?!'' 
''We were locked to catch you!'' 
''Let's go, John!'' louder said the commander.
But the vampire didn't listen to him.
''You? Catch me? It seems that Valafar underestimates me,'' smiled John.
After his words the kids began to smile.
''Not we, John!'' said one little girl. ''They are!'' pointing her finger up, she added.
Something viscous dripped on head of Dolan. He raised his hand to hair and touched his head; he brought his hand down to look and saw blood on his palm. 
John and Dolan looked up; they saw hundreds of human bodies, which were hanging from the ceiling with hooks in shoulders. The people had rags in their mouths, in order they didn't scream, because many of them were still alive. There, clinging onto the poor people, were vampires; one by one they began to jump down to the floor. Baring fangs and swords, the dozens of vampires began to surround them.  
''We're trapped in here, John!'' screamed Dolan.
''Really?!'' replied the yellow-eyed, examining the brothers.
John again looked up.
''Wow, I cannot believe that you're so stupid!'' he said. ''You killed so many people at once, so you will all die of hunger!''
''They're not dead, brother!'' said one of the black-eyed; he took out the bow and shot an arrow in the back of one of women.
There came a dull cry from the wounded woman. 
''It was necessary somehow to stay on the ceiling! So we're not stupid!''
''And you? You just came with this weak man?'' laughed the other vampire, pointing on Dolan.
''Oh, this man will rip your head off in the next ten minutes!'' said John.
After his words, the long corridor was filled with a loud echo of laughter. 
While John carefully talked with his brothers, the commander was looking the people that were hanging on the hooks. His eyes were filled with horror; he saw that for the first time. Women, men and little children stretched out their hands toward the hooks, to free their shoulders from iron and get rid of the excruciating pain. Dolan never saw the kind of violence, but he didn't know that these people were destined to more painful death than this. 

***
Anna was near the white crag; she looked at the blue sky that was lit by the sun. She was afraid to plunge the bloody dagger into the ground. Beside her there were warriors; they put all the weapons that they had in a big pile. All they had to do is waiting for Anna.
''Come on, Anna!'' suddenly said one of the men.
Then, having looked at the frightened soldiers, the girl finally sat down on her knees and stuck the knife in the ground. With closed eyes she uttered the words that were told by John. 
She rose to her feet and opened eyes; she turned to look around, the other soldiers did the same. Nothing happened; the sun illuminated the crag, reflecting bright yellow light, the birds all the same sang, flying over the heads of the people. Everything was as usual.
''I don't understand...,'' whispered the girl, glancing at the soldiers.
''Maybe you did something wrong?'' said one of the men.
''No, I did as John said,'' 

***
''Move! Move!'' was shouting John, running up the stairs.
John was running after Dolan. Fifty vampires chased them. Holding the sword in hand, John stopped and, turning back, killed few of brothers who were getting too close to them. 
Breaking the stone staircase, Dolan rushed to the big hall with horses, hoping to escape through the open gates, but there was a dead end. Near the closed gate there stood another fifty vampires; they bared swords and all moved toward the strangers.
''The gates are closed!'' shouted Dolan. 
Then John and the commander rushed back to the stairs, but there they were blocked. Standing at the way into the hall, the vampires were not allowed them back.  
''Go upstairs!'' shouted John and then rushed on his brothers. ''Come on!'' shouted he, pushing the vampires back down the stairs. 
When the road was freed, Dolan ran upstairs. The vampires were hurting John by knives, nails and teeth, sinking it into his flesh.
After noticing that Dolan gone, John rushed after him. He followed the commander, bleeding and stumbling against the stairs.
''Come on, man, to the left!'' he shouted after Dolan.
The commander turned left to John's room, but when he saw four walls, he stopped.
''You got us stumped!''
''In the window!'' shouted John, trying to get out of the strong grip of brothers that did not want to let him go.
The man ran up to the window and looked out. Having looked down, he clutched at his heart. 
''No!'' he whispered.
There were so high that they had no chances to stay alive after the fall. Hug the walls, Dolan began slowly to climb out the window; he looked for a ledge to grab on to. 
''What are you doing!'' suddenly he heard a scream behind.
''I'm trying to get down!'' shouted Dolan, but then at the same moment he felt a strong grip on his shoulder. It was John. 
Grabbing the man, he pushed away from the window and they both flew down. Dolan was screaming loudly. The vampire firmly grabbed him from behind. 
With great speed they both crashed on the solid ground. 
Without movement John was laying on his back, and on him there was Dolan, alive.
''You're sick idiot!'' barely audible whispered the man, looking at enemies; they looked out of the window from the top and quickly hid back due to the sunlight.
''Didn't break anything?'' said the vampire in a hoarse voice.
"No," replied the commander.
''Then get off of me!'' whispered John.
The man got off from John and looked at him; from his nose was gushing blood.
''I need blood!'' said the vampire, barely getting to his feet. 
Dolan grabbed the vampire under the arms and gently led him to the horses.
''You're heavy, damn it!'' said John, coughing by blood.
The vampire writhed in pain. After dozen meters the commander put John in the ground and then approached his horse. He took out a flask from a rag bag and began to pour the water out from it, then, he approached his gray horse and made a small incision in its neck by knife; he began to fill the flask by blood. Having filled it to the brim, the man walked up to the vampire and handed it to him; John eagerly began to drink the hot blood. 
Dolan tore a piece of cloth from his pants and pressured it on the wound on the horse's neck to stop the bleeding.  
''They wouldn't come to the light? Right?! Are we safe?!'' asked the commander.
''Yes,'' briefly and clearly answered John, looking at the sun.
Dolan watched how the wounds of John quickly began to heal. ‘A wonderful gift’, he thought. 
Suddenly it became dark. Wide black clouds quickly enveloped the blue sky, blocking the sun. A wind got up.
''What is it?'' said Dolan.
''Oh, this isn't a good time, Anna,'' said John and then looked at the window from which, grinning, there were vampires that looked out. 
''What's going on?'' asked Dolan.
Examining the dark clouds that hung over them by a wide blanket, John said:
''I have a plan!'' 
''What are you talking about?!''
''You should hide!'' he said, pointing on a large stone near the gate. ''When the gate opens and they all come out, you have to get inside and close the gate!'' 
''Do not understand?! What?''
''Do as I told you, idiot!'' ordered John; he saddled his horse and bared sword.
Suddenly they heard a creaking sound - the gates started opening. Dolan rushed to the stone. 
John hit the horse and ran up toward the gates. He looked inside and saw the vampires were saddling horses.
''Hey, I'm here!'' he shouted.
Then they left their horses and rushed to John. 
Four hundred vampires left the castle. Among them there were women and children, hungry for blood. 
John turned the horse in other side and led the vampires from the gates to the open field. He kept stopping every ten meters; it was like he was waiting for them, giving to the vampires a chance to catch him.
Dolan saw the clear path; he ran inside the castle and found lever from the gates on a wall - he grabbed it and began to pull it. Soon the stone gates were closed tightly.  
Brothers and sisters of John hadn't noticed the trick. They were still shouting and shooting arrows, trying to catch John.
***
Looking at the black sky that was covered by a dark blanket, the soldiers bared their swords. Suddenly there came a dull but very loud horse roar. People began to turn around, not knowing whence coming that sound. A horse, seemed, was moving under the ground; it was running right under them. Soon the soldiers heard distinct clatter of hooves. The next moment frightened the people, because they saw that for the first time. The land, where there was plunged the bloody dagger, started to move as if alive, then, by one sharp and rapid movement from under the ground there jumped out a black horse with dead rider. The huge horse started roaring loudly and coughing, black sand was falling out of its mouth, it looked like, that the animal is choked and now trying to get rid of the sand in his lungs. The black stallion had no reins, no saddle; the rider was sitting on its free back. His bare feet were hanging down, and his long black cloak was covered with dust and ashes.
Warriors and Anna moved away from him on several steps. Watching him, they were afraid to say anything.
The rider looked around. Soon his gaze fell on the people. He studied them for a long time, that's why the blood in their veins slowly began to freeze. Finally the dead rider took off the hood from his head. On his face there was a wide variety of scars, and his black as midnight eyes had white pupils. The rider never blinked his eyes; they were always opened. On his head there was not a single hair.
He got off the horse and stepped on the ground with barefoot; he took off his cloak and threw it on the horse's back. His torso was bare. His white skin seemed to glow in the dark. Neck and hands of the rider were wrapped by thick iron chains, from which there could be seen blue marks on his skin.
Dead man bent down and got in hand a little ground; he brought it to his mouth and ate it. 
''Excuse me...,'' barely audible said Anna and took a step towards him.
Then suddenly the dead man headed toward her by quick step. The soldiers, knowing about his bad intentions, jumped aside. The girl couldn't move due to the fear.
Having approached her, he began studying her from head to toe. He was very tall. His broad and big palm could easily squeeze a man's head and smash it.
The rider reached out for her by hand and touched her cheek, therefore Anna stepped aside from him; his hand was so cold that caused her severe pain. 
''Why?'' suddenly said the dead man, staring at the girl.
His voice was rough and sonorous. 
''We need help,'' hesitantly replied Anna.
Then the rider thought. Without blinking, he didn't take his gaze from the frightened girl.
''You're a woman?'' he asked.
''What? Yes!'' was surprised Anna.
''I love women,'' said the rider. ''They always crying loudly when I gutting them,''
At that moment the girl's heart started beating even faster. She realized who these ‘dead riders’ are and why they're trapped forever. 
''We need your blood!'' 
''My blood?'' asked he; he approached her and bent down to see her face. ''What do you want to do, woman?!'' 
''I want to make a deal. Want to escape from your world to ours and live under the sun? I want you swap with someone,'' said Anna.
After her words the dead man moved away from her.
''To swap to become a mortal?!'' he replied.
''But I thought...,'' Anna was completely confused.
''You thought that each of us will be happy by this proposal?!'' he interrupted her.
Anna was taken aback; she didn't know what to say next. The whole plan fell into an abyss. 
''You're right, woman!'' suddenly said the rider. ''For whom have you prepared these eternal suffering?'' 
''For one of the greatest murderers whose name is Valafar,''
''Valafar, Eodir, Goslar,'' he began to say the names. ''Azazel, Oleander, John,'' he added. ''I know these names; we talk about them down there,''
''John?'' said the girl.
''We have been waiting for him a long time, Anna,'' 
''How do you know my name...what are you talking about!?''
''He's not what he seems,'' said the dead man and glanced at her belly. '' I can hear pounding of two hearts in you,'' he added.
Anna looked at her belly and was confused.
''What do you mean?'' barely audible said she.
Then the dead man approached her and began to whisper something in her ear, causing the girl's face turned pale. She was terrified not because of his voice, not of his cold breathing, and not of his appearance. She was terrified of his words. 
When the rider stepped away from her, Anna could not say a word. She looked at him with lost eyes. Having opened her mouth, the girl watched him in silence.
The dead man walked over to a large pile with weapons that lay on the ground. He bent down, picked up an arrow and then slowly plunged it into his stomach; there wasn't any blood from the wound.
He again approached the girl. Glancing into her face, he saw her eyes were full of tears. 
''I'll give you just one, just this! Do not miss your target!'' he said, therefore Anna began crying even more. ''This arrow should hit the target - John's heart!''
''No!'' replied Anna.
''Then I'll take your baby!'' said the dead man and leaned the bloody arrow against her belly.
‘’No! He's innocent. Please, don't!’’ begged she.
''I told you the truth, John must pay with his life for the crime of his father - Dantes is dead, but John has continued the family line as your child. You have to choose: your child or John?!''
''John! John!'' screamed Anna, feeling the sharp weapon, that pressed into her stomach.
Then the rider handed her the bloody arrow. 
''If I'll swap places with Valafar, I will come for you and your baby! I'll find a way to kill your entire family. You will die in suffering, begging for death. No one, even John won't be able to save you! But...if you do it, as I said, you'll never see me again. I won't bother you,''
The rider glanced at soldiers and Anna at last time and then headed to his horse. He climbed on the black stallion and whispered some words on his language. After his words the horse reared and made a mighty leap in the ground. The rider disappeared. 
The sun came out from behind the dark clouds, illuminating the blue sky. 
Soldiers and Anna looked around; they had noticed that all plants that grew at the foot of the rock were withered. On the field there lay dead birds, suddenly they heard a painful roar of saber-toothed tigers from the white crag. Fifty horses were nearby in the same spot, but more than half of them were lying on the ground motionless. Having approached them, the soldiers made sure that the animals were dead. 
Men picked up all weapons and began to remove saddles from the dead horses. Sometimes they looked towards Anna, who stood motionless in the same place, staring at the loose soil. 

***
Came a creaking sound. The gate began to open. Human skulls and bones, which hung on the gates, were hitting against each other, emitting a blunt sound. 
Dolan came out of the castle and directed his gaze on John; the vampire was sitting on the sunny field on his knees in the middle of ashes. Some vampires managed to escape into the dark forest when the black blanket in the sky began to dissolve. 
Dolan walked up to John and put his hand on his shoulder.
''Hey?!''
Looking at the ashes, the vampire was clearly saddened. 
''I am a traitor!'' he said.
Dolan looked around.
''You have to choose whose side you're on!'' he said and headed back to the castle.
John stared after him; his eyes gained a bright yellow color.
''Are you coming?!'' said Dolan, standing near the gate.
The vampire stood up and headed toward the man.
They again descended down the stairs. On their way there wasn't a single enemy. John climbed up on the ceiling and began to take the living people down. 
After freeing a last prisoner, the vampire jumped on the floor. Exhausted women, men and children were sitting on the floor, asking for water.
''What about the rest?'' said Dolan, looking at dozen people that were still hung on hooks.
''They're dead!'' replied the vampire.
''We will not leave them there! We have to bury them!'' said the man.
''I'm not going to climb up there again for the sake of dead’s! They are dead and useless!'' angrily said John.
''They are people! They need to be buried!'' 
Then the vampire approached the man and handed him two arrows through which he was climbing up.
''If you want - you go!'' he said; he ordered the people to follow him and then headed for exit.
Dolan looked up on the ceiling and then threw the arrows on the floor. He took two children in his arms and also headed to exit.
People started saddling horses in the hall. They were exhausted and weak, so John and Dolan were helping them. 
''Thank you!'' they kept saying.
When all the people were sitting on horses, John had tied other horses by a single rope to take them home and leave vampires without horses.  
When they reached forest, John stopped the commander. 
''You're on your own!'' he said.
''What?''
''I need to go in one place!''
''Where are you going?'' 
''None of your business! Just take these people to Rogborg. Tell Anna that I'll be back soon,'' said John, and then hit the horse and rushed away.

Chapter sixteen.
GOODBYE, FRIEND.

Anna and the rest of the soldiers found Rogborg. The big city stood in the midst of the dark forest. Its walls were tall, built of stone and wood. The tops of the trees around the city were cut down; it allowed the sun light to get into the city, illuminating all around. Soldiers that were standing on the walls pulled arrows on strangers.  
''We arrived from Vedentor. Our people should be here,'' suddenly said Anna, standing with men near the iron gates. 
Then after her words the gates started to move. Soon it were opened fully. 
When they came inside, Anna was stunned. It seemed really light in there. All houses were built from white stone. People in there seemed well-fed and happy. Small children ran around the wide stone streets, playing with dogs. Anna had not seen dogs for a long time. Out of large wooden sheds could be heard a mooing of cows and squealing of pig. 
Walking further down a main street, Anna saw a lot of vegetable gardens, on which there grow carrots and cabbage. On the ground, under feet of inhabitants, were running chickens. Smile appeared on Anna's face. Suddenly on the way she saw Edmund. He held hand of a little black-haired boy. 
''Ed!'' shouted Anna.
The boys turned around. Anna quickly headed toward them. 
Embracing Edmund, Anna began to examine his wounds, but there were not any cuts; no scars, no bruises, his skin was clean and smooth.
''Don't understand...,'' said the girl.
''I am now one of them!'' with happy smile said Edmund.
''What?'' 
''He gave me this gift!'' pointing on the dark-haired child, said Ed.
''Who?'' looking at the unfamiliar boy, asked Anna.
''It's me! Mom!'' said the child, after which his eyes gained yellow light; he bared fangs and then dug into the neck of Anna.
''Wake up!'' suddenly she heard a loud male scream.
Anna felt a strong pain in her shoulder. Opening her eyes, she saw one of the men; he grabbed her under arms and tried to lift. 
''What happened?'' suddenly said the girl.
''You fell asleep and fell from your horse,'' replied the man. 
''It was just a dream,'' whispered Anna.
''Here we are,'' said one of the soldiers, pointing on iron gates.
It was already dark. Looking at stone walls and trees with cut tops, Anna realized that this is the same city that she saw in her dream. The gates of Rogborg were open wide. When Anna came inside she saw no happy people, no dogs, playing with children, no any animals. Houses and streets were exactly as in her dream, but in reality it were destroyed. Traces of dried blood were visible on white walls of dwellings. ‘This city has long no one lives,’ thought the girl.
Carefully walking deeper into the empty city, Anna and soldiers finally saw familiar faces. 
''Where are residents?'' Anna asked one of the men.
''I don't know, the city is empty,''
Soon the soldiers brought Anna to Edmund; he was lying on the stone floor and groaned in pain. His wounds were covered with blue spots. The boy breathed quickly, his body was hot and wet. 
''Water!'' whispered Ed in a hoarse voice.
Running up to him, the girl grabbed a bowl with water; she fell on her knees and lifted his head to help him drink. The boy eagerly drank all the water from the bowl, but in the next moment he threw up. He began to cough and moan. Having laid him on the floor, Anna began to cry.
''I'm going to die, right?'' suddenly asked Ed.
''What? No!'' said the girl, wiping tears from cheeks.
''I'm not stupid! Tell me the truth!''
Making a long pause, she glanced in red-eyes of the child, then took him by the hand and said:
''I don't know,''
After that she was unable to restrain her tears. Jumping to her feet, she ran outside
''Is there anything you can do?!'' having approached one of soldiers, she said through tears. 
''We washed his wounds, but there is infection. The wounds are too deep,'' said the man. ''He will not survive, Anna,''
''I can't believe that after everything he's been through, it is waiting for such a death!'' 
''I'm sorry, Anna!''
Soon, being able to cope with feelings, the girl stopped crying. She came back to Edmund. He still was lying on the floor and, despite the heat, shivered from cold. Anna lay down next to him and hugged him.
For a long time they were silent. From time to time the boy groaned from pain, therefore Anna was kissing his hot forehead.
''Can I call you mom?'' suddenly whispered the child.
Anna took a deep breath and said:
''Sure,'' 
Then the boy firmly grasped the girl's hand and closed his eyes.
All the night Anna listened to his breathing, fearing that at any moment it could stop.  
In morning she fell asleep, but she slept not much. She was awakened by loud voices and sound of hooves. Making sure that Edmund was alive, she went outside where she saw her father. She passed through the crowd of arrived people and approached Dolan.  
After a brief conversation they both came back to Edmund. 
The man entered the house and approached the boy; he put hand to his forehead and glanced at Anna. 
''He's burning up!'' he said.
''Help him, dad! Please!'' quietly begged Anna.
Then the man rose to his feet.
''I have other things to complete,'' he said and went outside. Anna went after him.
''What? What kind of things? It's Edmund! Don't you care?'' 
''What do you see in this kid?! A lot of children die every day, what's he better than them at?!''
''I can't believe you say that to me!''
''This is life! Someone dies and someone survives! And there's nothing more to help, just let him die!'' screamed Dolan and walked away.
Frowning, Anna stared after him. She was angry, suddenly she heard a moan out of the house - Edmund woke up. The girl came back to him, fell on her knees and took him by the hand.  
''It's hurt!'' endlessly repeated the boy, gritting his teeth. 

***
Dark. In the dead silence under the starry sky there stood a horse. Nibbling grass near a high mountain, the animal waited for owner. The horse belonged to John. 
John was under the red mountain, in the throne hall. Unarmed and with his hands down, he was standing with vampires, among whom there was Valafar. They long talked about something. Sometimes the Ruler was angry and was ready to kill the traitor, but something stopped him. Maybe common sense or fear? No. He was stopped by John, when he spoke of his devotion to him and his clan. Their intensive dialogue lasted until the morning.  
Soon they shook hands, after what the vampires tied up all hostages and handed them to John. When they came to the gates, Valafar stopped John.
''If you're going to cheat on me!'' he said.
''I will not! You catch all men, and then I'll bring women and children,'' interrupted John, and then moved close to the King's ear so no one heard his words. ''I will back you all these people and bring even more! You just need to trust me! I never betrayed you, if you want to get more people-you have to trust me. I have a plan, and you just have to wait,'' 
Then Valafar smiled.
''It was difficult to gain their trust, so don't let me down! I was on your side from the very beginning and I always will! I am your son and you're my father!''
''What about a dead rider,'' said Valafar.
''Don't worry, people are not strong enough to stab you!''
''I don't understand why it was necessary to open the gates for dead rider!''    
''They needed hope to trust me even more,'' chuckled John.
After the words John bared his sword and stabbed Valafar right into his heart, causing him howled and fell on the floor; the King crawled back to under the ground. The vampire didn't want to do this, but it was necessary to make the people, which were waiting for him outside, didn't think that John is a traitor.
The vampire with people left the mountain. 
Valafar wiped the blood from body and smiled. Descending deeper under the mountain, he ordered all the vampires to arm and prepare for war.

***
A few days later, in evening, the hundreds of people with John arrived in Rogborg. 
''How?'' surprised Dolan. 
''He pierced Valafar by sword right through its heart!'' told the people.
Approaching the vampire, the commander put his hand on his shoulder.
''Thank you! Not only from me - from all these men,'' he said, pointing on the soldiers who with tears hugged their wives and children.
"You're welcome,'' replied John.
''I don't know how you did it?''
''Using the sword and power,'' said the vampire. ''After ten days we will go to war!'' he added and headed further. 
''Hey!'' suddenly shouted Dolan.
John turned around.
''We'll follow you, sure! You just say when,'' said the man. ''Now you're one of us, and I believe you,''
The vampire nodded and went on.
''In vain!'' he whispered under his breath and smiled.
Walking along the wide street, he had seen joy and gratitude in the eyes of people. They greeted him and looked at him as at a hero. 
''Thank you!'' again and again they repeated.
John was nodding. Suddenly someone grabbed him by the hand. It was Anna. Her eyes were red from tears.   
''Edmund dies!'' she said. Then they headed to the house where the boy was lying.
John sat down beside the child and examined him. The boy felt more badly; around his eyes there appeared wide bruises, and his body wasn't as hot as before - it was cold. Edmund was lying on the wet floor - the cold sweat poured off him without stopping. His wounds were also damp and dark, indicating infection. 
''Is that you, John?'' asked Ed in a trembling voice.
''Yes,''
''I can't see you,'' barely audible said the child.
Then the eyes of the vampire filled with bright yellow light.
''And now?'' he asked.
''I see you,'' said the boy, looking at the bright light.
At the same moment Edmund's eyes filled with tears.
 ''Hey! What's wrong?!'' said John and put his hand on his cheek.
''I'm scared, John! I'm afraid to die. Help me to get rid of fear. You're not afraid of anything, so teach me too!''
Glancing at Anna, who was sitting near, John fell silent. 
''Go and bring some water!'' he ordered, noticing that the girl was ready to burst into tears.
Grabbing an empty bowl, Anna left. John went outside and watched her. When the girl disappeared behind the houses, he approached the boy and picked it up on his arms.
Quickly walking toward the gate, the vampire often was looking around; he was afraid that Anna will see them. John approached one of the horses and planted the child in a saddle. Edmund dropped his head on the mane of the horse, because he had no any strength even to sit.
Putting his foot in the stirrup, John was ready to sit on the horseback, but he was distracted by Dolan.
''Hey! What are you going to do?'' exclaimed the man.
''I'll take him from here. Don't want Anna saw his death,''
Then Dolan glanced at the boy and said:
''Well, it would be better!''
John rushed out of the gates. 
John didn't stop even for a second for all the day. Holding the boy, he attentively listened his heart rate, which was barely noticeable. 

***
Anna was sitting on knees in the middle of a wide street, she wasn't crying. She couldn't, her body was exhausted. Looking into a void, she clutched her hands into a fist. At that moment she hated John with all her heart. 

***
Looking at the fiery sunset, John was sitting on the top of the white crag. In his hands there sat Edmund; from pain he was clutching the fingers of the vampire with all strength. Beside them, quietly snoring, were sleeping saber-toothed tigers. The boy also looked at the setting sun. John was holding him so he doesn’t fell ahead. John felt a shiver and cold emanating from the little body of the child. Sometimes the predators were awakened from his hoarse breathing.
 When Ed again and again clutched the fingers of John, gritting teeth, the vampire was talking to him. To distract the boy from the pain, he talked him about old days. Sometimes the child was even smiling, remembering the funny and happy moments.
Soon, when the pain became unbearable, John said him to look at the sun.
''I don't see anything,'' murmured Ed by trembling lips.
''Look!'' pointing finger, said the vampire.
''I see the fire,'' barely audible whispered the boy.
''No...look right in there... and you'll see,''  again pointing at the sun, said John.
Then Edmund, as if bewitched, glanced at the sun.
''What do you see?'' John whispered in his ear.
But the child didn't hear this question; dead silence sounded in his head. John felt how the boy's hand loosened the grip on his fingers. Edmund's head bent down, and his eyes plunged into the darkness.
John sat in silence, not saying a word. He was still holding the boy on his hands, watching the dying sun.

***
At dawn Anna was awakened by metallic sound. She went outside and saw soldiers, which were training other men to wield weapons. Dolan constantly was shouting at them due to the fact that they were weak. Exhausted men had no forces to hold the heavy swords. Those, who had bows and arrows, also could not get into either of targets. 
''With you, we are doomed to defeat!'' all the time repeated the commander.
Soon the soldiers were divided into pairs. Every weak man fought in tandem with a trained warrior. Swords were too sharp; therefore some of the people got stab wounds through negligence. Not wanting to watch this, the girl walked away.
Walking around the empty city, she was examining streets. In her head she was constructing the destroyed houses, imagining how would look Rogborg if it was the same as in her dream. In her ears resounded with a barking of dogs and the laughter of kids who was running past. Rogborg seemed to come to life, in a moment Anna could smell roasted meat and fresh vegetables. She heard a loud mooing of cows and voices of happy mothers. Warmth came into her heart, and on her face showed a barely noticeable smile. She always dreamed of a life where there is neither fear nor hunger. 
Entering one of the half-destroyed houses, Anna noticed something. The smile disappeared from her face. The dusty walls of the room were smeared with blood, but the girl paid no attention to it; her eyes fell on the floor, where there were drawn people by a chalk. She squatted beside the picture; she removed the dirt from the floor to see the image. There was a drawing of family; it was not hard to guess that it was drawn by a child. Glancing to other side, she picked up a doll that was made of wood. 
Anna examined the small room and found clothes. The grey sweater and black pants were neatly folded in one corner. She shook off dust from the clothes; she took off the torn dress and changed. The sweater was great for her, but despite this Anna didn't think to remove it, because it was very soft and warm. 

***
Cubs of saber-toothed tigers were running and jumping around John. From time to time adult predators roared, in order to stop the pesky cubs, but those, despite the reprimand of adults, continued like a crazy rush from side to side.
Having pushed by leg another little tiger, John looked up at the bright sun. Soon his eyes fell on Edmund, who was lying on his back on the stone ground. A light wind ruffled his golden hair. The boy was lying on his back, and his head was turned toward a big hole in the stone floor, which was two meters away from him. The vampire had made it in one night. Near the pit there were stacked stones, by which the vampire thought to cover the dead body. 
John approached the child and long looked at him. Soon he took a green apple from his pocket and froze, glancing at Edmund. He remembered when at the first time they both came to apple tree. At the same moment John remembered the moment when the child, having given him one of apples, offered to be friends. John smiled.  He was thankful to this boy, because if they hadn't met in that dark forest, he would have never met Anna and would never have known the power of love.
Not taking eyes from the boy, John brought the green fruit to his mouth and bit off a piece. Having swallowed the sweet piece, the vampire took a deep breath, and then with swing he threw the apple right in the belly of the child. 
Clutching his stomach, Edmund yelled out.  
''I'm tired waiting when you finally wake up! Get up!'' said John; he overstepped the boy and went toward the pit in the ground.  
''What was that?!'' turned over on its side, dissatisfied shouted Ed.
''Your breakfast!''   
Carefully sitting down on his knees, Edmund began to watch John, who was standing near a black beast that lay motionless. It was Argus.
''I thought you'd want to say goodbye to him,'' said the vampire.
Then the boy nodded and tried to stand up. John helped him up; he brought him to the dead predator. Edmund felt much better, but he was still weak. 
Edmund put his little hand on wool of the wolf, he felt cold. He hugged the dead friend at last time. John dragged the body of Argus in the pit and covered him with stones. 
The vampire picked up the boy in arms and for long was standing over the grave. They both looked at the white stones, under which there slept the black wolf.
''Goodbye!'' whispered Ed.
Closer to night the vampire and the child was already in Rogborg.
''Anna will kill me,'' said John, leading the boy by the hand along the wide street.
They walked slowly because the legs of Edmund were shaking from weakness, but John did not even think to take it on arms, because for full recovery the boy had to move more.
 
Soon they found Anna sleeping in one of the houses. Quietly having approached her, they lay down with her and hugged her from both sides. 
John closed his eyes and was thinking about something all the night, listening to their quiet breathing.


Chapter seventeen.
WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?

In the morning, leaving them asleep, John went outside. He saw sleepy men, who on the orders of Dolan were going to training again. They greeted the vampire.
On the wide space between houses the soldiers began again to teach beginners. Their success had grown significantly. The soldiers didn't drop their weapons as before. Again there was a metallic sound that came from sword blows against sword.  
Noticing the commander, John went to him.
''You're back!'' said the man.
''Yes,''
''We started to train without you,''
''I see. What about the death of Valafar, you got what you need?''
''Yeah, but the damned corpse gave us only one arrow,''
''I thought so, they were never generous,''
''What do we do? The chances are not great,''
''I know, so give it to me!'' demanded John.
The man nodded and went somewhere, soon he returned and handed John a rag in which there was wrapped the arrow. John unfolded the rag and then hung the bloody arrow on his leather belt. 
''Let it always be with me,'' looking into grey eyes of Dolan, said the vampire.
John was watching the training fights for long time. Many of the men were wearing silver armor that gave them a great advantage over the enemy. The silver defended their bodies from blows. Without rest and meals, the three hundred men were fighting among themselves. A rage and a hope for victory burned in their eyes, but John knew that they are driven only by revenge. They often battered their noses in blood. The vampire could hear every crunch of their bones, he heard dull sound of blood drops hitting the hard ground. A few hours later, John already knew who of these soldiers are strong and who are weak. In his mind he divided the men for two parts. 
''So, any progress?'' said Dolan.
It was evident how proud he is of his soldiers.
''I'll check,'' said John; he took his sword and went to the soldiers.
Standing in the midst of them, he ordered the men to remove all their armor and put it in one pile. 
''Why?!'' replied Dolan.
''Because it slows them down,'' said the vampire.
''But then you leave them without protection!'' 
''Trust me!'' said John.
Then the commander nodded, after which the soldiers executed the John's order.
On the ground was a large pile of silver metal. John pointed on it and again ordered:
''You should melt it down and create short swords,''
''What?'' again said the commander. ''No! What the hell do we need these short swords!''
The vampire approached the man.
''You said you will follow me, aren't you?!'' 
''Yes,'' briefly and clearly said Dolan.
''Then do what I say!''
After a long pause and reflection, the commander finally said:
''Melt it!''
''Now let's see what your soldiers have learned!'' said John and went to the men.
Three hundred warriors formed a big circle in the middle of which there stood John.
He took off his shirt and then chose one of the men, who, in his opinion, has shown itself from great side. Tall black-haired soldier took his challenge. Clenching sword tighter in hand, he approached John.
''Start!'' smiled John.
Then the man started to attack, but after a short moment John parried his sword aside and kicked him in stomach with all strength. The man fell on the ground and, gasping, began to cough blood. 
Other soldiers ran up to the poor man and dragged him aside to help. 
''Now you!'' said the vampire, pointing on another man.
The second man wasn't sure about himself as the first. He was afraid of John.
''Start!'' again said John. 
Then the warrior looked at the enemy and, frowning, raised the sword above his head. John deviated from the blow and knocked the opponent down; he pressed him to the ground by knee, raised the sword and plunged it into the ground near to the lying man.
''Killed!'' said the vampire, looking into the frightened eyes of man.
The third time John chose two opponents, but they were also defeated after a short time. 
''Well, how about five against one?!'' said the vampire.
Forces were not equal; soon the five men lay on the ground. 
Every time John was adding the number of competitors. The number reached fifteen soldiers, but people were weak. None of them was able to get close to the vampire as much as it was necessary to strike a fatal blow. John kept breaking their noses and ribs with one blow of his leg. The soldiers no longer wanted to fight him, they were afraid, because John maimed them without mercy. He used all his strength and power, in order to show the people with whom they have to fight. Some of the men refused to fight with him; therefore they heard angry shouting of Dolan in their address.  
After the short training, which lasted for only half hour, John headed to the commander. Dolan watched the tired men that were sitting on the ground and were trying to catch breath from the recent fight. Dolan was confused, his eyebrows were furrowed and his hands were clenched into a fist from anger. 
''Now you know that your men have not learned anything in theirs entire miserable life!'' said John, striking the commander on the shoulder.
Dolan silently glanced in his yellow eyes.
''Get up and exercise more!'' shouted Dolan, looking on the soldiers.
''No!'' said John. ''Let them rest today! Tomorrow I'll take them!'' 
The commander nodded and then walked away from the soldiers.
The vampire put on his shirt and headed to the house where Anna and Edmund were sleeping, but when he came in there he didn't find them. After a short time he found them on roof of one of the small houses. The boy and Anna were talking about something, laughing and basking in rays of the sun.
John climbed up to them; he approached the child and patted his hair, and then sat down beside Anna. She silently hugged him and smiled.
''This is awful sweater,'' said John, looking at her.
Then Anna grinned and took his hand.
''I don't understand how you saved him...,'' suddenly she whispered, looking into yellow eyes of John.
John put his arm around her waist.
''I cauterized his wounds, and tigers peed on it,'' he explained. 
''What?!'' shouted Ed.
''Oh, you don't know what healing properties they have in their urine,'' barely restraining himself from laughing, said the vampire.
''I don't believe you!'' replied Ed, and then began to sniff his clothes.
''You can't smell anything, their urine odorless,''
Frowning, the boy grabbed the shoulder of Anna, and then slowly rose to his feet. Having approached John, he hit his back by hand and back under the side of the girl. Reaching hand to the child from behind, John knocked him over his head, and then again hugged Anna.
''You're fool!'' whispered Ed.
''You are!'' replied the vampire.
Noticing the arrow that was hanging on John's belt, Anna became sad. 
''John, I...,''
''What?'' he interrupted her and gently kissed her on cheek. 
''When the dead man gave it to me, he said that I should...,'' she said and paused.
''Said you what?'' 
Then, having glanced into his eyes, Anna said:
''He ordered me to plunge it directly into your heart,''
''What?!'' smiled he. 
Noticing the serious look of the girl, the smile from his face disappeared.
''I don't understand, why me? Are you kidding, Anna?!''
''I would never do that! I deceived him, so he finally gave it to me. With this arrow we will destroy Valafar!'' 
John took Anna's hand and led her aside to be alone.
''Tell me!'' he demanded.
''No! I'm afraid that if I tell you, you'll fulfill his request!'' 
''Tell me, Anna!'' insisted the vampire.
After much thought, she finally began to speak.
''Millions of years ago, one of dead riders had rebelled. He gathered an army of allies and promised them to get out underworld. For ten centuries he and his army killed hundreds of billions of warriors of the underworld. He was called the Angel of death, because he used to kill immortals. Then, when the time came he was the only one who left the underworld - he defrauded his allies. Now they want revenge for lie,''
''So what? Why should I care about this...angel of death, damnit!''
Then, taking a deep breath, Anna said:
''He was your father, John,''
''What?!'' 
''That's true,''
Then John was silent for a while.
''Taking billions of souls, he gained freedom and became mortal,'' explained the girl.
''Why these stupid bastards just won't find him?''
''Because he's dead and you're his only heir. I mean...not only...,''
''What do you mean? I have a brother? Sister?''
''You will have a son,'' said Anna.
At the same moment John looked at her belly and, without lifting his eyes, held out his hand to the child. A light tremor flashed in his hand when his hand touched her belly. 
''You will be mother of my child?'' suddenly said John, and then his eyes filled with yellow flames.
''Yes!'' smiled Anna, feeling his hot palm on belly.
''We will have a family?'' excitedly asked the vampire, because for him it was not familiar. Vampires never had families. 
''Of course, John!'' said Anna.
At the same moment John's eyes became dim, he took a step back from her.
''What is it?'' asked Anna.
But John stood in silence and stared at her. 
''Soon all be over,'' finally he said.  
 ''Yeah, but what if Valafar will be able to return from that world and then he will avenge us?!''
''He won't remember us. After his heart stops, he will forget about everything that happened to him in this world. His memories will never go back to him, even if he somehow can get out,'' said John and took Anna by the hand.

Night came. On the dark streets of Rogborg could be heard rare neighing of horses. Under the starry sky between half-destroyed houses there crackled a fire. Edmund was asleep, basking near the warm flame. Anna and John, leaning backs against a wall of house, quietly were whispering among themselves.
''I know a lot about the land of deads. There is nothing - just suffering, pain and death. No light, no heat. Instead of birds, there flying bloodthirsty creatures overhead. No one, except Valafar, does not deserve such a fate. Even a most cold-blooded and heartless killer does not deserve the fate that awaits Valafar,'' said John, holding the girl's hand.
''When I told you about the dead man had ordered me to kill you, I thought for a while that you were afraid, but I'm wrong,'' said Anna and smiled. ''You're not scared of anything,''
Then John sighed.
''I fear neither death nor pain, but...,''
''What?'' 
Looking into her blue eyes, he replied:
''I knew about that place when I was a child. From an early age I was afraid of that world, fearing that one day I will be in there and would never see the sun, would never feel wind on my skin. Would never recognize myself. I was afraid that one day I'll forget who I am,''
Looking into his empty eyes, Anna grabbed his hand.
''I'm afraid, Anna,'' he whispered and lowered his head. 
Anna could not believe it. Listening to the silence, she looked at John who seemingly was ashamed of his words. 
''Hey!'' said Anna. ''All will be okay, right?! We'll get rid of Valafar once and for ever! Together!'' 
''You should know something, Anna,'' he whispered and put his hand on her cheek. ''I don't want to hurt you!'' 
''I know, why you're telling me this?!''

All night John spent in thought, watching Anna and Edmund who sweetly were sleeping near the dying fire. 

At dawn the vampire started training soldiers. Sleepy men surrounded him, awaiting orders. On the ground near them there was a pile of silver short swords. It’s were made in one night. John approached the pile and took one of the swords; he touched the sharp blade and then threw the sword back. He glanced at Dolan who yawned all the time. 
''You brought ropes?!'' asked John. 
The commander frowned, trying to remember something. 
''Wake up!'' said John and hit him on the shoulder.
''Ropes! Yes!'' said Dolan; he called one of the men and said something. 
Soon, the young man brought a bunch of short ropes and threw them on the ground. 
''Here they are!'' again yawning, said the commander. ''But why you need it?'' 
Then John, turning to the soldiers, said: 
''Remove your pants!'' 
Then people burst out laughing, taking his order for a joke. 
The vampire rolled his eyes and again repeated the order. 
''Why? I don't understand!'' replied Dolan. 
The soldiers were silent, they, like children, were waiting for the commander to intercede for them. 
''Do what I said!'' briefly and clearly said the vampire. 
Looking at the puzzled men, Dolan nodded; therefore they began baring their legs.
Soon the soldiers were standing without pants, having on their legs only lightweight shorts. They were looking at John, not understanding his actions. The vampire got closer to the pile of short swords and picked up one of them, and then he took two ropes. 
''Come here!'' pointing by hand on one of men, ordered he.
The man slowly and timidly headed to John. The vampire sat down on his knees near the soldier and then he wrapped the rope around its right leg - just above the foot and below the knee, and then he carefully put the short sword through the ropes. After checking the knot strength, he ordered the soldier put his pants on. The man fulfilled his order and back to John. Almost at the knee, where there was hilt of the weapon, John cut a hole in the pants in order the man could put his hand inside and get the sword.
‘’Bend your knee!’’ 
The warrior bent his leg. To his surprise the weapon did not prevent him.
Turning to other soldiers, John said:
''No one will notice the sword there!''
''Good move, John!'' rejoiced commander.
Soon, when all men did the same thing, the vampire started training. He took off his shirt and chose an opponent. The young guy accepted his challenge and was ready to fight; he stood up in front of John.
''Start!'' said the vampire.
The fighter bared his sword and went to John. The vampire gave him chance to attack him. John stepped back, repulsing attacks of the young opponent. The man was quick and was accurate in his strikes, John liked it; therefore he began to attack with little force. 
When the fighter was tired, the vampire parried his sword and, having seized the guy by the throat, threw him from himself. Then he approached the sword that belonged to the opponent - John stepped on it. 
''Pick your sword up!'' said he.
Young fighter rose to his feet and headed to his sword that was lying under the foot of the enemy. Looking into the yellow eyes of John, the young man bent down to pick it up, but immediately he got a strong kick into his chest. Soldier fell on his back and began to cough. Looking at John, he frowned, not understanding his action.    
''Pick your sword up!'' repeated John.
Then the man repeated attempt to get the weapon from under his feet, but he again got hit.
''Pick it up!'' 
''But you won't let me!'' shouted the young warrior.
''In your pants there is sword, idiot!'' angrily said John.
After his words, the soldier put the hand into his pants and pulled out weapon. 
''Stab me in the heart!'' 
''What?'' was surprised the fighter.
''Not for real, idiot!'' rolling his eyes, said the vampire.
The warrior approached him; he swung the sword and leaned hilt of the weapon on John's heart, imitating that he plunged the blade into his body. At the same moment the vampire grabbed his throat with one hand, therefore the young man jumped away from him. 
''What if I were your enemy? Don’t be a coward!''
''I am not!''
''Then repeat!''
When the sword was again on John's heart, he again grabbed the guy by the throat.
''Do not give up, push me backward!'' said John, listening to the loud wheezing of the opponent. 
Then the man began pushing him back, but John was stronger, so he could not move it even for a step.
''Hold the sword,'' shouted John, feeling that he removes the weapon from the heart.
 Soon, John released him and told others to do the same thing; he encouraged them to use short swords, but that caused a lot of questions from men.
Every day the soldiers were doing same things. The vampire often told phrase: sword, heart, keep it up! For training people used horses. Every man had to move a big horse, using all strength and muscles. John divided the soldiers into several groups. Two small groups of about fifteen people held hands and formed two line; they stood in front of each other and should had pushing each other with force backwards. The winner was the group that managed to push their opponents as far as possible over a line on the ground. 
Dolan didn't understand why he makes the men to do this, because he didn't teach them anything. In fight, such of qualities, as he thought, not useful. 
In nights the vampire often talked to Anna. Every time talking with John, the girl listened closer to his words and it seemed to her that he's trying to say goodbye to her. He always said that he won’t hurt her, and Anna didn't understand this. 
With first rays of the sun John again and again ordered the soldiers doing the same. From dawn to dusk, the men learned only one motion: ‘sword in the heart and hold up.’

***
''You don't teach them anything! We'll lose by this way! How to understand your actions?! You're on our side, isn't it?'' finally one day said Dolan.
Looking at the soldiers, who were pushing each other in opposite directions, John said:
''I'm on your side?''
‘’I do not know what to think. It all seems like you are trying to shield them from normal male training. You don't want them to learn anything!’’ shouted Dolan. ‘’While you were away, they, like true soldiers, fought with each other, and this,’’ pointing at them, ‘’it's child's play! You left them without protection, without armor, and now this!’’ again pointing at the men, angrily said commander.
Then John sighed. 
''Your fighters can't do anything against vampires, they have no chance. You have to understand that!'' 
''Well, you mean... we'll lose?!''
But John didn't answer his question and just walked away. Dolan glanced after him and got even angrier. In the next moment he ordered the soldiers to stop. 
''Four days wasted! John doesn't know a lot about good fight!'' began talking Dolan. ''The battle after two days, and you're, like idiots, pushing these fucking horses! Now take these true swords in your hands and fight like real man!'' 
After his words the soldiers again began to fight each other using long swords.

In the evening Anna found John sitting on stone near the wall outside the city. 
''What are you doing here?'' she asked and sat down next to him.
In his hands she saw a knife and a small piece of wood. The vampire carefully was carving something on it.
After a couple of hours John finished. In his hands he held a small flat circle, on which from two sides was depicted the sun. John put a thin rope through the small hole in the wooden circle. 
''Father said you were acting weird,'' suddenly said the girl.
''Weird?'' 
''Yes. He thinks you're planning something. And why should we attack Valafar at night? Why not during afternoon? I don't understand, at night vampires have more advantages. And why we have to fight near Vedentor? Why?''
''Because they'll go through Vedentor that night, there we'll catch them by surprise,''
''But...,'' said the girl, ''but why do they have to go through Vedentor, I don't understand, there's nothing in there. Why don't we wait until morning and not to intercept Valafar on the way to his castle? At his gate? There's an open field where we can win under the sun,''
''We will fight near Vedentor!'' raged he.
Then Anna paused and glanced into his angry eyes.
''You can't be a traitor, right? Tell me, please,'' taking him by the hand, she whispered.
John did not answer her question. He only kissed her in forehead.
Closer to sunset the vampire came to soldiers. Men showed good results, fighting among each other. They were quick and accurate in strikes.
In all this turmoil to find Dolan was not difficult - he was always screaming. 
''Do you even know how to use a sword?'' approaching him, asked John.
''Very funny!'' 
''Keep it up! Your guys are great!'' said the vampire.
''If not you, with childish games, they would have learned more!''
''I know!'' said John. ''I have to leave for some time,''
''Where are you going?'' 
''Hunting,'' 
''I can send with you a couple of my guys,''
''They will protect me?'' smiled John. ''I'll go alone!'' 
When Dolan nodded, John left. 
''Hey!'' Dolan called two men.
''Yes?''
‘’Follow him!’’

***
John saddled horse and had moved into the forest. Two riders also followed him, keeping in a great distance behind him. 
The way was long, the men did not know where he was going, but they knew that the vampire don't going to hunt, because he bypassed two large deers. Rogborg and fallen Vedentor were already behind them, but John was going further and further through the dark forest.
Finally he stopped in the middle of the night silence and between the tall trees. The pursuing him riders also stopped, fearing that he could hear them, but they were lucky; the distance at which they were from him was great, so the vampire didn't suspect anything. Watching him, they could not understand what he want, because John was standing in one spot, doing nothing. It was like he was waiting for someone. Then, unable to stand, the riders dismounted from their horses and began to sneak up quietly toward him. When the distance between them was equal to twenty feet, John took a bow and strung an arrow.  
The men stopped, closely watching him. John pointed the arrow at one of the trees. Having looked closely, the soldiers noticed a squirrel; then their doubts disappeared. ‘John didn't lie, he's on the hunt,’ they thought. But at the same moment John turned in their direction and, taking aim, let the sharp arrow into the head of one of the men - he fell down dead. The other soldier didn't have time to understand what happened and immediately got subsequent arrow into his head.
John hung the bow on his back and went further. Soon he met the King. Five hundred vampires were waiting John in the dark forest.  
''It will be over soon!'' said John, having approached the father. 
''My son! I'm proud of you!'' said Valafar and put his huge hand on John's shoulder.
Then the vampire took from his belt bloody arrow.
''Is this it?'' asked the Ruler.
''Yes!'' replied John and gave him the arrow.
Valafar carefully examined the weapon and then broke the arrow in two pieces and threw it on the ground. 
''Now I'm not in danger?''
''No! In two days you will have as many people as you never dreamed of. You have to catch warriors, and then I'll lead you to Rogborg!'' said John.
''What about your...,'' said the King.
''She stays with me, and all the rest people are yours! After all, it is my only condition. And neither you nor your soldiers are not supposed to touch her! Even there, on the battlefield!'' 
''I always keep my word,'' said Valafar.
Soon John said goodbye to father and walked away.
He came back in the city with three carcasses of deer.

''Waiting for someone?'' seeing the commander who was staying near the gate, asked John.
''No, I'm just standing here,'' replied Dolan, looking into the dark forest.
But he was waiting for the horsemen, which should been back by now. He didn't think John could kill them, because the vampire had returned with deer, and this meant that he really was on the hunt.
The smell of roast meat filled the city. Three large deer were enough to feed all the people that were hiding in Rogborg. 

Until the battle was quite a bit; men kept training harder and longer than before. The commander noticed that the bloody arrow no longer hung on the belt of vampire. To all the questions John answered that he hid it. Dolan believed him. 
John spent all his time with Anna and Edmund. The vampire knew that Anna will also go to into battle, and no one can to dissuade her from it, therefore he often told her to stay near him there.
On the last day before battle they sat on roof of one of houses, watching the fiery sunset. This sunset was the last for some of warriors. John hugged the girl with one hand while the other took her hand. 
''Battle very soon, and I'm not afraid,'' said Anna, ''because I know you can kill him! I believe in our victory!''
''First, I need to get close to him, and it depends on all of you,''
''Yes! We cover your back, John!'' she said and then kissed him on cheek.
Then the vampire lowered his head, sadness appeared into his eyes. 
''What's wrong?!'' asked Anna.  
''Nothing!'' looking at her, he said. ''You'll always be the light in my eyes,''
At the same moment their lips entwined in kiss. 
Not wanting to release each other from the warm hug, they sat on the roof until nightfall. They were distracted by noise coming from soldiers. Men said goodbye to their families. They armed, preparing to going for war. 
''Let's go!'' whispered John in Anna's ear. 

Chapter eighteenth.
FACE-TO-FACE.

Women and children hid in houses, so as not to interfere the men preparing. 
The soldiers took with them as many weapons as they could: swords, daggers, arrows. Tightened their belts. At the last moment they were running through the wide streets of Rogborg, looking for rags to wrap sticks and build torches. All who were ready were waiting other outside the city. 
Looking at people, John had seen fear. He knew that they were not prepared for this. Most of the men were shivering. Some women came out into the streets and were crying; they knew that their husbands go to meet with death. When all were ready to go, John, hoping to say goodbye to Edmund, went into house. But he found the child asleep, so he went back to others. 
He hung bow and case of arrows behind his back and climbed into a saddle. Three hundred horsemen were waiting only for him. 
Having glanced at the bright moon, the vampire headed through the gate. He knew that before dawn it was a few hours, so they had to hurry up. 
''Where's the arrow?'' having approached John, said Anna.
''Valafar shouldn't see it before time, otherwise he will escape!'' replied the vampire. ''You have to stay with me, okay?!'' he added.

Soon the riders approached Vedentor, but they saw nothing, except the destroyed city.
''Where is he?'' asked Anna, standing beside John.
''I don't know!'' he lied, staring off into the woods. 
His eyes clearly stared at someone, but no one of the people couldn't see at whom. 
''A lot of people and all in one place, right?'' suddenly said John.  
''What?'' asked Anna and frowned.
''He's looking right at us,'' 
''Who?'' 
''Father!'' whispered John and then looked at the girl, ''he won't hurt you!''  
After his words came a loud roar. High, above the trees there soared a huge black beast. 
Frightened horses reared, therefore most of riders fell down; horses rushed into the woods. Panic and fear appeared in the eyes of the people. Looking at the winged monster, that was heading in their direction, the soldiers froze. None of them tried to get weapon at the sight of this creature; the soldiers did not know what to do, they seem to have forgotten why they came in there.
After landing on the ground, Valafar spread his wings to sides, showing himself to the men. His claws were scratching the ground and his mouth seemed could swallow a whole horse. 
The black beast didn't attack the people; he just kept howling and growling loudly. The loud echo scared all birds for miles around. Valafar wasn't afraid to attack the soldiers. Showing himself, he was distracting them; while the people watched in horror at him, vampires were surrounding them from all sides. 
The vampires pulled the people out from their horses and, disarming, planted them on knees. Many warriors tried to fight, but there were a lot of vampires. Most of the men, seeing such a large number of enemies, immediately gave up. 
''You betrayed us!'' were heard voices of people. 
It all happened very quickly. Vampires were not supposed to kill the warriors. From the beginning it was agreed that people will be taken as prisoners to their castle. Valafar didn't want to lose even one person, didn't want to needlessly loose the food. 
When all the men were disarmed, the vampires formed a large circle. Unfortunate soldiers sat on their knees, fearing to move. Behind them, there were standing vampires; they watched that people did not begin to fight with them.  
Valafar stood in the middle of the circle. He took the shape of King. Walking on the edges of the circle, he looked each man in the eye, seeing their fear and despair.
''Look, John, what have you done!'' suddenly yelled Valafar, ''we didn't even know about the existence of these men! Thanks to you, we have found Vedentor, and soon Rogborg will be in our hands!'' he rejoiced.
Standing in the closed circle, John watched the fierce glances of the soldiers, but in his eyes there wasn't a drop of regret. 
Suddenly one of the vampires led Anna into the circle. The vampire pushed the girl on the ground. She fell. Sitting on knees, Anna glanced at John. Her eyes filled with tears. 
''I can't believe it!'' suddenly she said.
At the same moment there was a loud laughter of Valafar. Having approached her, he touched her cheek; therefore the girl turned her head aside. 
''You thought he loved you?'' he grinned, ''we, vampires, don't feel love. Oh yeah, John told me about dead man's blood and about Land of the dead’s. He gave me the arrow!'' grinned the Ruler.
Valafar glanced at John, who didn't dare to approach Anna. 
''Don't be afraid, human child!'' standing beside her, said Valafar. ''I won't hurt you! I gave John a promise! And now you belong to him! But, alas, your daddy and the rest are coming with me,''
''You can take her too!'' suddenly said John.
Then the girl's face turned pale, and her eyes glazed over from pain and betrayal. 
''Are you sure?'' was surprised Valafar.
''No!'' looking at Anna, said John. ''I think it's better to get rid of her, because she doesn't want to be with me after everything I did,'' he added, and then took from his back bow and an arrow. 
John pulled the bowstring and pointed the arrow at Anna.  
Through the loud laughter of Valafar there were heard cries of Dolan; sitting on knees, he begged John not to do it. John stared into the blue eyes of Anna, listening to own breathing and heartbeat. 
Taking a deep breath, his fingers released the arrow from the bowstring. The sharp weapon pierced the shoulder of the girl. Anna cried out in pain and fell to the side, but John did not stop there. He pulled out a dagger and moved towards her. He sat down on his knees beside her; he grabbed the arrow and pulled it out of her body that caused her even more pain. After a moment he turned her head to the side and then plunged the knife into her neck. 
''No!'' came a long cry of Dolan. His eyes filled with tears.
Valafar looked at the dead girl who was laying on her side with her back to him. Smile appeared in his face, he grinned. 
''Oh, shut your mouth!'' shouted John and approached Anna's father.
The vampire sat down beside him on knees and began to speak.
''Tears of grief,'' said John, looking into his eyes.
''I'll kill you! You, stupid bastard! I'll kill you!'' angrily screamed Dolan.
''Your men are weak,'' said John, ''Did you really thought that, training your soldiers, you will be able to win?! You want to kill me? Come on! Stab your sword into my heart!'' grinned John and then he struck Dolan in the leg; therefore there came a metallic sound. 
Rounding eyes, Dolan glanced at the leg and then at John. John's eyes for a brief moment lit up with yellow light. It was like he wanted to say something, but couldn't. But the commander understood - under his pants he felt a sword.
Anna was still alive. Lying on her side, she slowly touched her neck; there wasn't any gash, and the blood did not belong to her. Beside her there was the arrow by which was pierced her shoulder. But looking closely, she noticed something; on it there was tied the piece of wood on which was depicted sun. 
John knew from the beginning that he can't get close enough to Valafar, so he had to make the fake deal to re-gain trust of the Ruler. Skin of the black beast was much stronger than the skin of Valafar in his usual form, so John could not afford that Valafar turned in winged monster.
Valafar didn't know that the arrow, which he broke, was covered by horse blood. He didn't know that the circle, in which he stood, was a trap exactly for him, and he didn't know that he is standing so close to his real enemy - to John. The people, who were taken by John from the Red Mountain, were necessary to form such a large circle and to hold the vampires. 
John was smart, he chose night because after night comes dawn. People are stubborn and they would never have agreed to such a risky plan, and those two riders, who were killed by John, could ruin his plan, seeing Valafar in that night. John cleared the path to Valafar and was ready to start the long-awaited battle. 
John stepped away from Dolan and headed to Valafar. Clenching his fist, he was trying to hide the blood on his hand, because it was his blood on the girl's neck; he cut his own palm. 
''Why I still hear her heartbeat?'' pointing on Anna, who was lying motionless, said the King. 
''Because she's not dead!'' replied John, slowly approaching him.
Then, having glanced at the bloodied fist of John, Valafar got angry.
''What are you up to? Look around you, you're trapped, filthy bastard!'' he shouted.
''No... from the beginning I knew it would be like that. From the beginning I knew that this trap will be for you!'' not taking his eyes from the eyes of Valafar, said John.
Then the Ruler looked around and looked at the people who were sitting on knees, after that he laughed.
''You must be kidding?'' 
''Raise the sword!'' suddenly loudly shouted Dolan. 
All the men, in a moment, pulled out weapon from their pants and, turning, plunged the silver swords into the hearts of vampires. 
''No!'' shouted Valafar.
John bared his sword and entered into the mortal combat with ancient creature. 
''Hold them!'' was shouting Dolan, pushing the vampires backward.
That is why John had taught them, that is why he was training them from dawn to dusk. No vampire was supposed to break the circle and stop John to finish the job.
Anna grabbed the bloody arrow in hand and got to her feet. Pulling the arrow on bowstring, she took aim - she chose the heart of Valafar and waited for the right moment to shot.
John had to act fast, if the enemy will take shape of beast, then no arrow and no sword will be able to pierce his body. John plunged his sword into the belly of Valafar and ripped open his abdomen. His guts fell on the ground, therefore he howled out in pain. The King grabbed John by the throat and raised him at arm's length. His skin began to darken - he began his transformation. Then, wasting no time, John lopped off his hand to the shoulder. Together with the severed arm John fell on the ground; he again plunged his sword into the enemy's chest and pulled the King up closer to himself.
''Come On, Anna!'' he shouted.
Valafar stood with his back to her, so Anna tried to calculate the angle for shot, in order for the weapon hasn't got stuck in ribs of the enemy. Soon she pulled back the bow string. The arrow rushed to the target. This moment lasted a few seconds, but for John it seemed like an eternity. Valafar sunk his teeth into the John's neck and began tearing it. John was screaming from the pain, but despite this he firmly kept holding the enemy. When the Ruler loudly had howled, John pushed him away. The arrow reached the target. 
Valafar fell on his knees and tried to reach by hand the deadly arrow on his back. His wings began growing and his skin began turning black. Therefore, having approached him, John again plunged his sword into its chest.
''You'll go to your true home!'' said John, and then his eyes filled with yellow flames. 
Sitting on the ground, Valafar bared his teeth and glanced at John; he put his one arm behind the back and then said:
''That's the essence of miserable people! They are weak! She didn't reach, John!''
''What?'' looking at his smirk, said John.
''I said the arrow didn't reach my heart, she missed the shot,'' said Valafar and then he pulled out the arrow from flesh and stabbed it in John, right into his beating heart. 
John grabbed the father's hand and fell on knees. He felt as the cold slowly enveloped his body.   
The first rays of sun appeared over the horizon. Valafar pushed John aside, soared skyward and disappeared into the dark forest. Vampires also rushed to flee after their King. 

***
John rose to his feet. Grasping the protruding arrow, he pulled it out of his heart, after that he spotted Anna who was standing nearby and did not dare to approach him. Her legs were trembling and she was frozen on the spot.
The vampire glanced at the bloody arrow; he removed the wooden circle with sun from it, and, having glanced at Anna, said:
''Come here,'' 
At the same moment Anna rushed to him and hugged him.
''I'm sorry! I am so sorry!''  
''Quiet!'' he said, and then fell on his knees.
The girl also sat down on her knees to see his face. John handed her the rope with sun.
''Take it!'' he said.
Anna put it in her pocket and then hugged the vampire. 
''I did it! I killed you! I had to pull the bowstring stronger!'' 
Then John grabbed her head with both hands.
''No, you gave me life! Because of you I have found a family,''
Looking him into the eye, Anna had seen how fast they darken. His skin turned pale and grew cold, therefore the girl began to cry.
''Do not cry!'' whispered John. 
Anna put her palm on his chest, feeling his heart rate that significantly was slowing down.
''I don't remember our first meeting,'' suddenly said John.
''What? No, John...no!'' cried she. ''Not so fast, please. What can I do?''
''Quiet!'' said the vampire, admiring her heavenly eyes, ''Your name will forever remain in my heart!'' he whispered and leaned his forehead to her head.
The soldiers crowded around them and watched them in silence. In their eyes could be seen sadness.
''Get out of here and never come back,'' barely audible said John. ''Never try to bring me back! Never!''
''I love you!'' whispered Anna, feeling on her lips his icy breath.
''You'll always be my sun...,'' barely audible he said and fell silent. 
At that moment Anna felt his heart stopped.

John pushed Anna aside from himself and rose to his feet. 
''John?'' asked she, looking in his gray eyes.
But he said nothing, he did not remember her. 
Suddenly there came a loud roar of horses; from the ground jumped four horsemen. Their horses didn't cough as the previous horse of dead rider. The animals were calm. 
Without removing dark hoods, the dead's went to John. 
''John, do you remember me?!'' said Anna and moved closer to him.
But at the same moment Dolan grabbed her by the hand, not allowing her to approach the vampire closer than a step. 
''He's not the same person he was before!'' said the commander, holding the daughter.
One of the riders stretched out it hand, and then grabbed him by the arm; John climbed into a saddle of one of the horses. 
''John!'' shouted the girl, trying to draw attention to herself. 
But John left forever; four large horses disappeared into the cold ground. At the last moment John even didn't look at Anna. He will never remember her. He forgot who he was before, now he is one of the dead riders. 


























  







	


