


Who Spoke on the Other Side
and Other Short Stories




Micah Castle












Copyright © 2017, 2021 by Micah Castle. All rights reserved. 

This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Printed in the United States of America

ISBN:  9781521828120

Book Cover Graphic Design by Jesse Daughtery

First edition digitally and physically published, 2017
Second edition digitally and physically published, 2021












Thanks to. . .
Nicole, for being with me for this long. Happy five-year anniversary!
J.D., for always willing to listen to me ramble on about any subject.
J.T., for always being there when I need you.

And to my beta readers, who without them, this book would've been worse off... 
Neil Butters
Laura James
Maurice L. Robinson
Wendy Fisher
Michael Denney






Table of Contents

Who Spoke on the Other Side — 4

Misplaced Trust —  25

The House on Chestnut Street — 29

From the Inside, Out — 45

A Winter’s Morning — 49

Notes Under Stones — 75

Sounds of a Silent Forest — 88

Johnny’s Story — 116

Beyond the Wall — 126

The Planet, In’pher — 156


Who Spoke on the Other Side

I

Sitting at my cubicle in the creaking chair management had yet to replace, I ground through emails. One after another I handled our customers’ computer problems: how to bring up the word processor, how to plug in their mouse, how to install more RAM to make their PC go faster...
All of them were technical questions ranging from electronic watches to computers, although some about cars or lawn mowers were thrown in. A regular, slow day as a customer support agent for a tech company no one would know by name. As I sipped the coffee that smelled like an ashtray, I read through the ever-growing list of problems.
After closing out one email, I opened another titled: ‘HELP PLEASE.’
I skimmed it. Some days we received random emails about suicides, murders, or bombings that weren’t taken seriously. People love to screw with others when they’re behind a keyboard. Typically we forward these to the correct departments—though most agents didn’t follow this rule, since it always came to nothing—but this email sent a wave of prickling cold over me. As if the words hadn’t sunk in the first time, I read it to myself again, aloud.
“TRAPPED. NEED HELP. IN A ROOM.”
I thought it wasn’t true, like others in the past, but a small part at the back of my mind considered that, maybe, it was. Using my better judgment, I forwarded it to Human Resources. Only six words, not much to investigate, but oh well. Probably some kid screwing around on his parents’ computer.
The remainder of the day went like one before it, and likely the one after. Emails, phone calls, live chats; daydreaming throughout it all until 4:59PM. Before it became five o’clock, I X’d out all the windows and signed out, and when it showed 5:00PM, I left my cubicle, rushing towards the nearest elevator.
I had a new bottle of scotch waiting for me back home, and I didn’t want to make it wait too long.

II

Same shit, different day.
My father said that to me one night I asked how work had been. He sat at the kitchen table, drinking from a stained coffee mug. His hands were smudged with oil, his eyes bleary, bloodshot, and his jowls had a few-days stubble. He put down the cup, locked eyes with me, and said the quote I would mutter to myself nearly every morning I went into work. 
Hours trudged by. 
Emails were sent, phone calls received, live chats started and finished.
And like yesterday, another email titled: ‘HELP PLEASE.’
I immediately read it.
‘DO NOT DELETE. NEED HELP. PLEASE. TRAPPED. DO NOT KNOW WHERE I AM. DO NOT KNOW WHO I AM. VOICE RECORDED AND TRANSCRIBED BY MACHINE. I GUESS. NOT SURE IF ANYONE IS GETTING THESE MESSAGES. BUT IF YOU ARE. SEND HELP.’
Not going to get me today, kid, I thought as I deleted the email, not bothering to waste HR’s time. But in that instant, it felt like the room dropped ten degrees, and the hair on my forearms stood. An uneasiness blanketed me. Why was I so shaken up over a joke email? I’ve dealt with these hundreds of times, why is this one getting to me? There was no logical reason behind it, so I pushed it aside, chalking it up to nerves.
Eventually, I continued with my work.
Five o'clock came, and I left work and drove home. The half-empty scotch on the glass coffee table next to the unwashed cup from yesterday greeted me when I got inside.

III

It was Saturday, and I had to come in. Mr. Wetherlo, the manager, requested for all customer support staff to spend an extra day to finish out the backlogged work. It wasn’t said, but implied that some agents weren’t carrying their own weight. 
Work clothes weren’t required, so I showed up in faded jeans and a band t-shirt. My eyes burned from the night before, and a sharp pain shot through me every time I swallowed… 
A few hours and several coffees later, I drifted along while replying to, sending, and deleting emails. There weren’t many phone calls, thank God, and our live chat system was offline on weekends. It seemed it was going to be an easy day, until another ‘HELP PLEASE’ email made its way to the top of the queue.
I opened it.
‘HELP. THIS ROOM DOES NOT HAVE ANY WINDOWS OR LIGHTS. IT HAS A DOOR. BUT NO KNOB. I THINK IT IS LOCKED ON THE OUTSIDE. THERE IS ONLY THIS MACHINE. IT IS LIKE A COMPUTER. ALL IT CAN DO IS SEND AND RECEIVE MESSAGES. BUT ONLY FROM ONE PERSON AT A TIME. I HAVE NOT EATEN IN DAYS. I HAVE BEEN DRINKING MY OWN URINE. PLEASE HELP.’
It was time to end this nonsense. The whole situation reminded me of my little brother continuously asking me why things were a certain way: over and over, he’d pull my arm and ask me why the sky was blue, why were the clouds fluffy and white, why did the dog not speak the same way we did. Eventually it became so overwhelmingly frustrating I snapped at him, sending him running and crying to his bedroom. 
I felt warm, and my palms were sweaty. I clicked the ‘information’ button on the top right of the email, found his IP, and searched it on a tracking website. The person wasn’t too far, only thirty or so miles outside of Cherry Brooke, beyond the outskirts. I sort of knew the area, mostly apartment complexes. Some of the kids I used to hang out with in high school used to live there. 
There was a kind of cockroach outbreak a decade ago, and the mayor at the time mandated an evacuation of the homes. They were moved into affordable housing more inland. Assuming it was cheaper that way. It took five years to exhume the roaches, but by the time it was done, it would’ve been too much of a hassle to move everyone back in. So now, the buildings and lots remain empty.
I didn’t plan on searching for some stranger, because it was likely a set-up. I’d walk into whatever rundown apartment to find a guy pointing a gun at me, and rob me point blank. But, what if it was real? What if someone was really trapped and needed help?
I closed my eyes, pinching the bridge of my nose. A headache like horses galloping over my skull erupted from my temples, and my stomach churned. I needed to sleep. I needed food. I needed to get home.
“Screw it,” I spat through gritted teeth.
Looking back to the email, I replied.
“If you’re messing with me, then fuck yourself. I don’t have the patience to deal with your bullshit. You know what, I’ll help. If this is real, then prove it. I don’t know or care how you do it. Say something only someone real would say.”
Send.
Once I got home, I spent my weekend doing what I do best: nothing.

IV

As I sat at my desk, staring aimlessly at the monitor, the faint chatter of my coworkers sounding as if miles away, I hoped for a response from the ‘HELP PLEASE’ person. The break of monotony is what I wanted, deep down. Something new and exciting, something that wasn't another computer problem or another issue with a cell phone, or even discussing irrelevant things with my work buddies during my lunch break. And even though it was likely to be someone screwing with me, I wanted it to be real.
I scrolled through the emails, skimming every heading. When I reached the bottom, I didn’t couldn’t believe it wasn’t there. I must’ve missed it. I scrolled up, double-checking.
The results were the same. The email wasn’t there, and I felt like I needed a drink more than ever, needed to finish off the new bottle underneath my sofa at home, needed to slip away from the doldrums of the world.
It was only twelve o’clock.
Five more hours to go… 

The clock read 4:58 P.M., and I was giddy about leaving. I began closing out all the programs on my computer when an email came in, titled ‘HELP PLEASE.’
Cold sweat coated me. It felt like God was playing a bad joke. I cautiously opened it.
‘I AM NOT SURE WHAT TO SAY TO PROVE I AM REAL. I AM AS REAL AS YOU. REAL AS YOUR MOTHER. FATHER. SISTER OR BROTHER. I LIVE IN THE CITY. NEAR THE REFLESKI RIVER. MY FAVORITE FLAVOR OF ICE CREAM IS MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP. MY FAVORITE PLACE TO EAT AT IS THE DINER H AND M. ITS ON 5TH STREET. I ALWAYS GET THE BREAKFAST MENU. I GET THE HOMETOWN LEGEND. IT HAS PANCAKES. EGGS. TOAST. AND OTHER THINGS. IT IS DELICIOUS AND FILLING. IS THAT ENOUGH. DO YOU WANT MORE. PLEASE. I NEED HELP.’
My mind was like a mineshaft finally caving in, and validation, belief, floored me. There wasn’t any doubt that whoever was on the other side of the screen was real. Only the people living near or in Cherry Brooke knew of H & M. They didn’t have a website, and you’d have to sift through the phonebook to find their address and number. It was the city’s jewel among the rough.
After I took a deep breath and collected my thoughts, I replied.
‘I’ll help you. I’m sorry I didn’t believe you before, because in my line of work, there’s a lot of people who fuck with you for no good reason, and they’re pretty good at it. Anyway… How can I help? What does the machine look like? I work with computers, so I might be able to figure it out, or maybe have it so you can reach someone more knowledgeable. Please respond as soon as you can.’
Once it was sent, I waited on pins and needles for a response, but none came. After thirty minutes passed, I shut down my computer and went home.

V

For the first time I came in early the next day. I hardly slept and nearly crashed while driving to work. Anxiety filled my veins, and when I turned on the computer I found a new reply from the stranger.
‘THE MACHINE IS GRAY. LIKE METAL. THERE IS ONLY A SCREEN. A MICROPHONE. AND TWO TINY SPEAKERS BUILT INTO THE SIDE OF THE SCREEN. THE SCREEN IS ABOUT TWENTY INCHES. THE MICROPHONE COMES OUT OF IT ON A POLE OF SOME SORT. LOOKS LIKE AN OLD MICROPHONE. LIKE ONE USED IN THE FIFTIES. I AM SORRY. THAT IS ALL I CAN DESCRIBE.’
I quickly replied.
‘The machine is probably old, at least a decade or two. And how does it work? Do you speak and it transcribes the words? How does it send, is it automatic? Do the speakers alert you when you receive a message? What happens when you try to send an email to different address? What does the screen say? Does it have a camera anywhere?’
I went on and on with specific questions, and although it felt like—no, was—work, adrenaline kept me focused. My eyes glued to the screen as I typed rapidly. I clicked SEND, then started my regular work.
At around twelve o’clock, before my lunch break, I received another response.
‘I SPEAK. IT RECORDS. I SAY SEND. IT SENDS. THE SPEAKERS CHIME WHEN THERE IS A REPLY. WHEN I TRY TO SEND A MESSAGE TO SOMEONE ELSE. IT GIVES AN ERROR. ERROR 502. I CAN ONLY TALK TO YOU. THERE IS NO CAMERA. SORRY. PLEASE HELP. I HAVE NOT EATEN IN SO LONG. I HURT SO MUCH.’
The error seemed specific to the computer, not a universal one, so I brainstormed other questions that may help me hone in on his location. Once I had a list of six or so, I sent them. 
I didn’t receive a response until the next day.

VI

‘YES. IT IS COLD. ALWAYS COLD. I DO NOT HAVE ANY BLANKETS OR EXTRA CLOTHES. I CANNOT HEAR ANYTHING EXCEPT THE HUM OF THE COMPUTER. THOUGH. WHEN I AM NEAR THE WALL OPPOSITE OF THE DOOR. I CAN HEAR SOMETHING LIKE THE WIND. A WHOOSHING KIND OF SOUND. I DO NOT THINK IT IS WATER LIKE A RIVER OR LAKE. OR CARS. I DO NOT THINK I AM NEAR A HIGHWAY OR ROAD EITHER. PLEASE HELP. I CAN BARELY STAND UP ANYMORE.’
I was at home when I received the reply. I started using my personal laptop to help them, but not only at home. I took the computer everywhere. I’d leave it in my car when I went to the grocery and liquor store, using my old cell phone hotspot for Wi-Fi; I’d bring it with me when I went to the bathroom; Hell, I had it with me when I visited a buddy down south in Haelmoure.
In spite of our constant connection, I chose not to respond for a couple days. I felt guilty as hell, leaving the person to starve and wither away like a flower without water. What could I say? “Sorry, but I can’t figure out where you’re at, so you’re dead meat” came to mind a few times. There was nothing I could for them, and I couldn’t bring myself to string them along with false hope. I needed time to think.
They were in an apartment, I assumed from the IP location, but not near a body of water or a busy road. And there was a whooshing sound, that I guessed was wind. So, he was high up, but not on raised ground, like a hill, because there weren’t any in that area. All flat. 
During a sleepless night hunched over a pen, paper, and my laptop, I added up the wind, the small space they described, and the location of the IP the emails were sent from, concluding that they had to be in an apartment complex, on the top level. 
The next day, I searched the map of Cherry Brooke on the Internet. I discovered there were five apartment complexes outside of the city, that weren’t near any water or active roads, streets, and highways. I couldn’t search each one, let alone every single apartment within each building.
The stranger continued to send messages, saying they were dying, starving, and could barely breathe, think, or see. They said they lived in a puddle of their own filth. The smell was unbearable, so they plugged their nose with strands from his underpants. Rashes and sores covered their skin, and they said it felt like their flesh was constantly on fire. On and on they went, to the point that I couldn’t stomach reading further.
There was nothing I could do, but to continue my research.

VII

I narrowed it down to three abandoned complexes. Each one was about five or so miles apart from one another, so I decided on searching a building per day, maybe two if I made great time. Go there, look around, if I found them, call the police, if I didn’t, return home. Rinse and repeat until they were all done. I scheduled all my vacation days for this, so work wasn’t a problem.
I never told them I was going to start searching, didn’t want to get their hopes up.
While I laid on the sofa, an unopened bottle of scotch on the coffee table, staring at the chipping plaster ceiling, I repeated the plan over and over in my head until I could recite it without memory. My hands tingled, and I couldn’t catch my breath. Anxiety was on overdrive. It took me a while, but eventually I calmed down and drifted off to sleep. It felt like I only slept for a minute. One second it was three in the morning, then it was nine, and I was leaving the house.

VIII

By three o'clock, I pulled up to the second complex. The top of it looked like it touched the gray clouds above. Most of it was crumbling, heaps of concrete, debris and glass piled against it. I got out of the car and slipped my backpack on. There weren’t any lights in any of the windows.
The ground crunched and snapped underfoot as I neared the entrance, and moisture filled the air. I wanted to be finished before it started pouring. It’d be terrifying to be inside alone, in the dark, while it stormed. Walking through the gap that was once the front door, I looked around, and found the stairwell. Some steps were missing, but I managed to climb to the next level. Thankfully I chose hiking boots over tennis shoes.

By the time I reached the eighth level, there was a faint pitter-patter of rain outside. It wasn’t a full blown downpour yet, but it was coming. The cool gush of wind down the derelict hallways felt good on my warm skin. I quickly searched the dingy apartments. 
Some had two rooms, others had one room, but most had less than that. I felt bad for the tenants who lived there when it was still being used, but I didn’t let my thoughts linger on it too much.

There were thirteen levels, and I made it to the tenth. Tired, sweaty, I could hardly catch breath, and my eyes stung from straining in the dark for so long. Even with the flashlight, the darkness was like a thick fog. The drizzle had become a downpour, and thunder grumbled in the distance. Only three more levels, I thought. Only three more before I can get the hell out of here.

Neither the eleventh, nor the twelfth floor bore any fruit, and as I climbed the stairs to the thirteenth floor, the storm began. Thunder exploded, as if the gods dropped a bowling ball on the world. Lightning streaked across the black sky, illuminating the hallway for a split second. The torrential rain sounded like a million stones being dropped on the roof. Picking up the pace, I hurried from room to room.

Soon only three rooms remained, and a small window was at the end of the corridor. Beyond, I saw a dying field spreading out giving way to a rutted, dirt road. Past that there was another field, lifeless, stretching until it became lost in the haze of the rain. The dense, dark clouds sparked to life with zigzagging lines of light, then quickly died. If I stood on my tiptoes, I could see my car being pummeled by Mother Nature.
I turned to the next room. It was not like the others: it had a door, but no knob. Holding my flashlight in one hand, I pushed the door open with the other. Its hinges gave a high pitched whine as it moved. My hands trembled, and my mind flew through thoughts a hundred miles a minute. The sour, ripe reek that wafted from the room almost made me gag.
With the door, my eyes, and my mouth wide open; I finally discovered who spoke on the other side.

IX

A naked skeletal heap of droopy flesh lay on the floor. The flashlight fell from my cold fingers, and I ran into the apartment. Dropping to my knees, I rolled him over. His arm flailed in the air, flopping against the ground like a dead fish. I checked his pulse, his eyes, his mouth, scrambling to find any signs of life. I didn’t notice I was crying until my tears fell onto him. Frantically I tried CPR, but it proved futile.
His hazel, glassy eyes vacantly stared into the ether. Chest stiff, stomach sunken, skin oily. He couldn’t have been over seventy pounds. Only a pair of soiled, tattered underwear hanging from his protruding hips covered him.
The room brightened in a flash of light, and I looked up to find how he had been living for God knew how long. Feces was in the right corner, in the opposite one, a thin sheet that appeared to be torn to shreds. A pile of bones in the corner behind me, and the last corner was empty.
And, to my side was what kept us connected. The machine was a large monitor attached to a gray steel box with two long thin speakers jutting out of its sides. A microphone protruded from the box. The screen’s dim glow gave everything a ghostly appearance.
Stumbling to my feet, I went to the machine. On the screen was our email, his last pleas.
‘DO NOT HAVE MUCH TIME LEFT. PLEASE SAVE ME. I THINK I NOW REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED. I RECEIVED AN EMAIL AT HOME. I TALKED TO A STRANGER. THEY SAID THEY NEEDED HELP. THEY WERE TRAPPED. AFTER SOME TIME I WENT AND SEARCHED FOR THIS PERSON. FOUND HIM. HE WAS HERE. BUT DECEASED. IT IS FUZZY AFTER THAT. NONETHELESS. I FIGURED IT OUT. IT IS THE MACHINE. THE MACHINE IS TO BLAME. IT IS THE ONE. IT CONTROLS EVERYTHING. PLEASE RESCUE ME. GET ME OUT OF HERE."
Backhanding the tears from my eyes, I turned and started for the door. I needed to get out of there, needed to get home, have a drink and fucking sleep. Everything had been a waste of time. His time, my time. Exhaustion consumed me, the world’s weight pushing me down. I had failed. He died because of my procrastination, my skepticism, my laziness. If I had answered the first email, I could’ve been there sooner, could’ve got him out. He would be eating at H & M by now if I hadn’t screwed up. 
But, I could do one thing for him now, even after death. I slipped my cell phone from my pocket and began dialing 911. I was almost out the door when it flung shut, slapping the flashlight into the hall. The phone fell from my hand as I lunged to stop the door, but it was sealed before my fingers even grazed it. It became seamless, like it was a part of the wall. Nothing to grab to pull, and like the man said, it had no knob. 
I spun to the computer. Forgetting about the phone entirely, I stared into the monitor. A new email had opened on the screen, to an unknown address. The subject line read: HELP PLEASE.’

EPILOGUE

What the machine didn’t account for was me having my laptop. I brought it with me, stashed in the backpack. Almost makes me feel better about the phone breaking when I dropped it. 
Hopefully, this story gets out there or I’ll catch a Wi-Fi signal at some point, or figure out how to fix my phone without any tools. Anyway… this is how I got here. It goes without saying, but I’m going to try to keep alive or get out of here, whichever comes first.
But one thing that I haven’t figured out: How did he lose his memory? Did he have amnesia or Alzheimer’s, or did the computer cause it? If the computer did it, how? I wonder if—

The monitor glows a bright orange, and gas’s seeping out from two corners. I plugged them with the man’s body and the thin sheet, but it’s still getting through! I don’t have much time. Can hardly breathe now. This is what did it, what took his memory. But it comes back. It came back.
I’ll be fine.
I’ll be saved.
I hope to remember how to use a compu
Misplaced Trust
Published in June 2019 in Distant Screams (Sirens Call Issue #45)

What came from his wife’s womb was no more animal than man. It seeped and slithered out into his cupped hands without restraint, as though its bones could change shape, density, form. Its protruding, elongated head with sickly oval cat-like eyes stared idly up at him, as its slippery, oily tentacle-like appendages wrapped around his forearms. It was feather light, brittle, and the thin transparent flesh revealed strangely shaped bones and organs.
He stumbled, the world swimming, his mind reeling. His wife shouted from somewhere, “What’s wrong, honey? What’s wrong, is there something wrong with the baby?”
Minutes ago, he wanted nothing more than a child of his own, wanted to share his reading and writing with it as it grew, wanted to take outside into the woods to teach it about birds and plants and Mother Nature, wanted to watch it grow and learn and live life, happily… Now, as his flesh crawled and a pounding began behind his eyes, he wanted nothing more than to be rid of it.
I shouldn’t have tempted fate…
I shouldn’t have played God...
His wife slowly slipped down from the towel-covered kitchen table, and neared him, keeping her balance by holding her arms out. “Baby, what’s wrong? Let me see the baby.”
He shook his head— or, he thought he did. He blinked back the haziness, his wide eyes unable to be freed from the sight he held. Faintly, like a smudge on a window, he saw his wife’s trembling, thin arms reach for what she believed was her baby, their offspring, and a wave of heat and terror washed over him as he tore it away from her, pressing it against his chest.
“No!” he screamed, then muttered to himself, “It must be killed.”
His wife stood so near, he was forced to stand against the floral wallpapered wall, clutching the abomination tightly. The stench of sweat radiating from him filled the small kitchen, intertwined with the sickly sour smell of birth.
It’s not our child—it’s not anyone’s child—a man’s mistake for the perfect child.
“Thomas, give me our baby,” his wife side, her teary eyes wide.
“No—” he said with trembling lips, shaking his head, “no!”
“Thomas, babe, please give me the baby.”
“This is—” he sucked in the palpable air, “isn’t your baby, it’s no—not anyone’s baby—”
His wife lurched for the thing in his arms, but he turned out of the way, feeling her hand graze his shoulder. The oily thing slipped from his grasp, falling to the floor. His wife screamed and dropped to the floor, scrambling towards it, reaching with pale arms and thin fingers.
It has to be done.
Not for me, but the world.
As his wife leaned over the monstrosity, accepting it her shaking arms, Thomas removed the meat tenderizer from the drawer. He loomed over her, and raised the tool over his head.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered, then smashed it against the back of her skull. He wife’s body dropped to the floor, and the thing slid out from beneath her, across the linoleum.
“Must be… done…” he muttered, staggering around his wife, kneeling and picking up the creature, “has to be… done.” 
He shuffled into the entryway and collapsed onto his knees, lying the thing onto the floor.
“I’m so sorry, so very sorry,” he said between sobs, tears dripping into his mouth, “I shouldn’t have— I shouldn’t have trusted them, the Ancient ones, shouldn’t have— made the pact…”
He took the handle of the tenderizer in both trembling hands, and raised it above his head. Through the veil covering his eyes, he looked down upon the thing he so desperately wanted to be his child, its tendrils curled and slipped across the floorboards, reaching for his knees, as its oval eyes blinked with a pale, transparently layer, then closed them.
For the world, not for me, but the world
He started to scream, to hide the sound of the blow he would surely hear as he swung down with all the strength in his shaking arms.



The House on Chestnut Street

I

The lower side of Cherry Brooke wasn’t always considered the poor side of town, you know? Years—though they feel like decades—ago it was the nicest side of the city anyone ever seen. The gabled houses were pristine and clean; sidewalks were uncracked and even; not a single pothole in the streets.
But, all that changed over the last couple years. No one really understands why. Just out of the blue, it became the poor side of town. Houses became dilapidated—windows shattered, roofs sunken, porches warped and covered in trash. Sidewalks rose and sunk, weeds sprouting between each, and cracks like veins spread through ‘em. The streets… Well, let’s just say there’s more holes than pavement.
Some blame it on the recession, or the depression, or the new mayor, but honestly, I think it went to shit because deep down it really was shit. Polishing a turd doesn’t make it any less than a turd, you know?
Anyway, none of that matters. Only one particular house on one particular street, Chestnut Street, really does. It’s a normal house from the outside. Roof caved in, windows broken, front steps missing stairs, a front door that hasn’t moved in forever.
When the lower side was the nice side, the house was a city attraction, like a haunted house or a crime scene. A man moved in one day in the middle of the summer. The rumor was he came from overseas, from where no one really knew. He was a scientist, and some said that he studied things beyond the normality of everyday life, things that our minds couldn’t comprehend.
There was talk that he experimented on animals, or even children, but the screams some say they heard coming out of that house at night weren’t no animals, nor children. But hell, what do I know? I was only a kid. I could’ve misheard.
The scientist seldom left his house and spoke even less to his neighbors. Through street gossip, we found out his name was Edward. It felt like a big discovery then, but it didn’t matter much in the scheme of things. 
Despite our fascination with them, life continued as normal on Chestnut Street. Folks went to work, kids to school, teenagers messed around in the streets, and rumors spread like weeds. It wasn’t until one October night that things changed for the worse. 
Well… At least for me.

II

Halloween was a week away, and jack-o-lanterns, black and orange streamers, skeletons, spider webs, and witches covered all the houses. The November chill came in earlier than expected, but it was faint enough that without a jacket, I hardly felt the cold.
Teenagers never know what’s good for them.
My friends and I were running around after curfew, the buzzing street lamps painting the sidewalks a sickly yellow. The moon was like an outer space spotlight, casting what the lamps didn’t reach in a milky light.
We stood in a circle on the street, and Joey said that we should sneak into Edward’s house to check out all his weird stuff. The group instantly agreed, and despite the fear swelling inside me, I agreed, too.
We cut through his backyard, then his backdoor, oddly it wasn’t locked. We entered his kitchen, and only the faint moonlight falling through the small window over the sink helped us see. We quickly realized it was completely empty. No stove or microwave, no refrigerator, no dishes of silverware… Nothing. 
The dining room—no tables or chairs—and living room—no furniture, framed pictures hanging on the walls, coffee table—were the same.
“What the hell?” Joey whispered. “Where’s all his stuff?” We shook our heads, shrugging.
Tim led us past the front door and up the dusty, wailing stairs. A narrow hallway branched to five rooms, two on each side, one straight ahead.
Sweat covered me. I felt the uncomfortable damp warmth under my arms, and the BO sneaking out from my shirt collar. We stopped by the top step, and Beth—the only girl in our group we all had a little, secret crush on—suggested that we should split up. One person to each room. If we found anything, just shout.
Like the dumb kids we were, everyone agreed.

III

I was assigned the door down the hall. My feet moved like they were filled with cement, and it seemed like the door reeled back the closer I got. The darkness felt like it thickened as I neared. My hands shook, and I kept wiping my forehead until it started to itch and burn.
I made it to the door, and grabbed the cold, steel door knob. It felt great in my sweaty palm. The door creaked as I pushed it open. Poking my head in, all I saw was black. No windows, no lights, not a switch to be seen.
I can still smell it. It was like I was in a room beneath a lake. Cloying salt, moisture soaking my clothes. I covered my lower face with my shirt, breathed with only my mouth, and shuffled into the dark. When I got about halfway, I asked myself if it was worth going on? Should I wuss out and tell everyone it was too dark? And, if I did, what would Beth think? What would the guys think?
No, I wouldn’t—Norman Harris wasn’t a wussy. I kept on and at some point, my shoe hit what I thought was a wall on the other side of the room. Glancing over my shoulder, I couldn’t find the door, maybe it had closed?
I didn’t know but what I do know is that when I looked ahead again, the darkness had vanished. The wall had opened, revealing a hall with faint, purple light pulsating at its end. I remember thinking: Where was this hallway before? Where would it be if I looked at the house from the outside?
These questions didn’t matter then, since my stupid curiosity got the better of me.


IV 

It felt like hours went by, but I was still moving down that dark hallway. Growing closer to the light, I made out the few details surrounding me. Black lines etched into the walls, forming a strange, overlapping circular pattern, and the grooved floor looked like moving water.
At the hall’s end, the purple light covered everything, but it wasn’t blinding. Beyond there was a steep, long stairwell, seemingly leading to the bowels of the earth. The violet light that barely reached the third step down. 
My eyes stung from sweat, and there was a boulder in my belly while I peered from the top of the stairs. I had gotten myself into some scary shit so far, and if I climbed down those steps, it would only get scarier.
I’m not sure what it was that made me do it. Maybe just a body looking for adventure? Maybe a story to brag about at school? Maybe something to impress Beth with? Whatever the reason, I started down. 
Down, down, down, it went on forever. The purple light only a star in the distance, and I held the damp, clammy walls for dear life. Eventually I made it to the bottom, and a red light shined at the end of another hall, and I caught whispers, too. Voices meant people, someone who could help me leave, or better yet, help me to understand what the hell was going on. 
I didn’t want to be alone anymore in that dark house with its weird lights and stretching hallways. I thought maybe the red light was a fire, one I could roast marshmallows over… The memory of my first camping trip came to the forefront in my mind.
My Pa took me the first weekend of summer. Ma had other business to attend to, so it was just a man’s getaway, as my Pa put it. We got to the campsite at dawn, set up the tents, campfire, and other odds and ends without a hitch. The surrounding pines were like giant towers, so tall they looked like they were touching the sky.
We hiked the entire day: crossing small creeks, seeing deer and turkey, hell, I swear I saw a bear, but my Pa was quick to debunk that—it was only a boulder.
Evening settled in, the sky ablaze pink and orange, we returned to camp. I watched my Pa start the fire. I wanted to learn how to do it, so I could teach my kid one day. Hopefully dreams for a kid, you know?
Night came, the fire the only light for miles, and my Pa and I sat around the campfire, roasting hotdogs and marshmallows.
When I made it to the end of the corridor, the delightful memory dissipated like smoke. I looked around the corner into what I discovered to be a room.

V

There was a fire all right, but it wasn’t a campfire. Giant flames danced in a cobblestone fireplace, some of them poured out onto the floor like water. In the room’s center was Edward, or who I believed to be Edward, hunched over an open book on his worm-eaten desk. Saliva dripped from the sides of his dry, bloodied lips, and his unwashed, gray hair dangled over his bulging eyes.
Gloom consumed every other detail of that strange room, as though the other parts weren’t there at all.
“Finally!” He cocked his head back, revealing missing teeth. “I have discovered it, after all these years!”
His fingers groped the desk, searching for something. He did, and lifted it into the air. Pinched between two knobby fingers was a diamond ring. But, instead of one diamond, or a few like some rich folk have, it had a dozen, or even two dozen, that looked like tiny crystal eyes.
Edward looked at the ring like it was his lost lover. “With this. I will be able to bring him over to this world! Through this small, delicate, beautiful, ring he will reign here, like he does there.”
I was trembling in my shoes. I couldn’t budge, like I was hypnotized. 
Edward moved to the fireplace, and the flames parted like the Red Sea. He removed a ladle from seemingly nowhere, and dipped it into a cauldron, masked by huge flames. Jaundiced smoke billowed from the top of the pot and streamed over the floor. He lifted the ladle from the cauldron, and raised it above the ring.
A miasma of steaming, purple and green ooze was poured over the silver band. I never cooked a day in my life then, but I knew if something was that hot, it shouldn’t go on your skin, let alone pour it over your hand willingly. 
Edward acted as though he were running his hand under a cool faucet, nothing to it. That reason alone made me want to turn and run, but I didn’t—couldn’t. 
Kids are dumb sometimes, ain’t they?

VI 

Once the ladle was empty, he chucked it away, walked and stood in front of the desk with the ring held overhead.
Then he started chanting. My memory’s a bit fuzzy, so bare with me.
“O’ Fylegt, I summon thee!” He said. “From out behind the shrouds of the Well of Ivory.” 
“Come! Slither out! Make your way from the depths of porcelain and come, come, come. In this world you will come. I summon thee! Through this ring!”
The diamonds on the ring flooded with light, and I swear that their little black dots started moving, like they were looking around.
“Through this ring you will come! It will serve as your connector, The Great Connector. It will allow you to travel from one world to another. From the Ivory Well to the solid earth!”
Before I could shield my eyes, light blared from that ring like a spotlight, and darkness fell over the room. Edward faced the ring emitting the only light around. His mouth ajar and eyes wider than any moon, he started to laugh.
The light melted into the ceiling. I couldn’t believe my eyes, and it’s still hard to believe now. I watched as light poured into the ceiling, covering it, until it drained entirely from the ring. Honestly it looked like ice cream melting onto the floor but in reverse. Then, white drops dripped from the ceiling.
Plip, plop, plip, plop. Every drop made a soft sound when it splashed the ground. I still hear the sound to this day. It was like time had stood still as it fell. The ivory broke against the blackened room until it appeared to be crafted from waxed porcelain. Luckily, it never reached the hallway, where I hid in the shadows.
Edward silently still held the ring overheard throughout all of this, but once the room was white and the ring lightless, he screamed, veins bulging from his neck.
“COME! O’ COME THOUSAND-EYED GUIDE! COME TO THIS WORLD, I SUMMON THEE!”

VII

And then… Everything went crazy. I don’t remember exactly what happened, but I’ll try my best to recollect what did.
He slid the band onto his ring finger, and everything became black around him. A light shined from above, illuminating him, like an actor on stage.
“COME!”
Light wavered from his right side, like a white shadow.
“COME!”
It happened again, but to his left.
“COME O’ GUIDE! I GRANT YOU PASSAGE THROUGH THIS RING!”
The light wavered in a circle around him, spreading to the walls in waves, their ends touching the ceiling.
The white shadow took form. No longer shapes without reason, these shapes had a purpose. Tentacles slithered across the floor from where Edward stood. Pointed, unfurled ends with long, curled bodies wetly smacking the ground.
A large gown of tendrils slid from the circle of light and covered the floor, thousands of them, swaying, stuttering.
Painting the back wall was a malformed head without the eyes, its skin bulbous and bulging, overflowing with fatty heaps. Edward held out his hand with the ring in front of him, eyes bloodshot.
“NOW RISE! RISE THOUSAND-EYED GUIDE FROM YOUR SLUMBER FROM THE WELL OF IVORY! NO LONGER YOU MUST SLEEP! NO LONGER MUST YOU SIT IN THOSE WHITE WATERS! BE FREE! BE FREE TO WALK THESE GROUNDS AND DO WHAT YOU WILL, LIKE THE GOD THAT YOU ARE!”
The white shadow turned absolute black,  then it was like someone had suddenly pulled open the curtains and let in the blinding sun. Millions of eyes opened at once on that gown of black tendrils. They all had different shapes and sizes, but their retinas were the same. They were strange, terrifying, unworldly. From a place far, far from you and me, somewhere that we don’t know exists. I can’t properly describe them, even now… 
The scariest part of them was that they were all starting—at me.

VIII

Those eyes shocked me out of the reverie I was in. I turned, fell, stumbled back to my feet and moved as fast as my legs would carry me. Urine ran down my leg. Tears fell from my eyes. I was screaming but I couldn’t hear it.
Down the hallway. Up the stairs. Down the next hall. Through the black room without windows. Through the hallway, past the five other rooms, and flying down the stairwell, nearly tripping and falling. Finally wrenching the front door open, I shot across the porch and into the cool night air.
I didn’t stop there, oh hell no, I didn’t stop until I made it to my bedroom. I sprinted up the street, and passed my friends. They tried to stop me and ask: What happened in the house? Where did I go? What did I see? 
I didn’t answer them. I kept screaming and running.
Flinging open my home’s front door, I climbed the stairs two at a time and barrelled into my bedroom, slamming the door behind me. Jumping into bed, I threw the covers over me, and began digging my fingers into my face. It was like I had to—needed to—I wanted so badly to reach into my head and rip out those horrible, maddening memories. I didn’t want to remember them, didn’t want them to be something I had inside me years later.
Looking back on it now, I’m thankful Pa and Ma weren’t awake when I came home. And, thankfully, my big sis was at her friend’s house. Ma and Pa would’ve asked questions, like parents usually do: Why was I so late? Why was I crying? Why was my pants wet? Or, why was my face bleeding?
The only answer I had would’ve been incoherent gibberish and screams, but faint beneath my crazy talk, they could’ve caught me obsessively muttering: “the Thousand-Eyed Guide.”

Epilogue

Oh, you’re still here, lil’ nephew? Oh, yes, that’s all right. What happened to me after that night? 
Well, my Pa checked on me the next morning, and when he saw what I did to myself, he screamed for my Ma. She came running in, and when she saw me, they both screamed together, then cried, cried, cried. It makes me want to cry thinking about it now. Soon after they settled down a little, they rushed me to the hospital—this hospital—the Cherry Brooke Psychiatric Institution.
And the rest is history. I’ve been here ever since. It’s ain’t too bad. I mean some days are bad, but some are good, but that’s life, isn’t it?
Why am I still here after so many years? Well, lil’ man, sometimes people get comfortable, wherever they’re at. So, let’s just say I’ve grown accustomed to his place and I don’t mind staying put.

Oh, you have one more question? Yes, yes, go ahead. I don’t speak to too many people from the outside these days, so it’s a pleasure, especially when it’s family.
What happened to my eyes?
Well, you see, that’s how I got here. 
I scratched and tore them out that night.
Seeing that many eyes does something to you, you know?
From the Inside, Out

Joey sat by Tony on the living room couch. A fly flew in through the open doorway, and buzzed around the ceiling fan.
“Something’s been bothering me lately,” Joey said. “We’re like bugs stuck in a house.”
“Shut up, Joey, you’re being dumb.”
“No, no, get this. Just think about it.” Joey put his hands up as though he were warding off blows. “We open the door at night, bugs get in, right? Then we close the door and go about our business. But you’ll see the bug bouncing around, hitting walls, windows, the works. Just like that fly up there. It can’t get out unless the window and screen’s open, or the door is opened. They starve, hurt themselves, and eventually die.
“That’s like us. We’re on Earth, we can’t get out unless someone straps us to a rocket ship, and blasts up into space. But even then, we can’t live out there, no air and all that—anyway, that’s a whole different subject. What I’m saying is that we can’t travel beyond the planet without some help.”
“Help from who?”
“Anyone. We need someone to open the door for us. We need someone who can push up that window and guide us out with their hand. We can’t do it alone. It’s impossible.”
“I get ya’, but there’s a flaw in your theory, Joey. The bug comes inside from the outside, then goes back outside. Going by your logic, we started out on the inside and remain inside. We never came from the outside.” Tony said, triumphantly. 
“Well maybe we come from the outside, too?”
“No way! Joey, no fucking way!” he shouted, pointing at him. “You aren’t going to sit here and tell me that we came from outside, whatever the hell that means, and we can’t return because of something not opening a door. What door? Where’s the door even at? The only two doors to the outside are the one in the entryway, and in the kitchen, buddy.”
“Hear me out! What if when we’re born, before entering your mother’s womb, we’re placed there, not by our father, but by something who opens the door just a little bit to slide us in. Like a god or something, and that same god who put us there could take us out the same way, by opening the door.”
The conversation became more of an annoyance than some casual joke. Tony became serious. “Look, Joey. Just accept that we were put into the womb through our dad’s pecker, and then we come out of our mom’s yew-hew, grow up, live life, then die. There’s no outside bullshit, there’s nothing outside of what we see and hear now. Yes there’s space, and other planets, and even other universes, but those we’ll never visit in our lifetime.
“What you see and hear right now, in this room, is what there is—take it or leave it.”
Joey stood and moved into the center of the room, below the ceiling fan.
“Is that what you really believe, Tony?”
“Yeah,” he said, looking at him. “It’s what I really do.”
“Too bad then, just too damn bad.”
Joey turned towards the wall, his brown eyes illuminating a deep purple, and put out his hand as if there was a doorknob to grab. He twisted the air, pulled, and a part of air opened like a door. A portal teeming with kaleidoscopic colors appeared before him. Wind whipped into the room, throwing back Joey’s hair, kicking the fan to life. Tony’s eyes widened and his jaw dropped. It was like Joey ripped a hole in reality. His mind couldn’t comprehend it, couldn’t decipher what his eyes were taking in. Tony tried to speak, but only gibberish tumbled out.
Tony dumbly watched Joey turn to him and say, “Well, Tony, have a good one,” and step through whatever-the-hell he opened up. Then he and the fly were gone, and the room became quiet once again.


A Winter's Morning
Published in March 2021 on MetaStellar.com.

	
I
	
Stephen returned to his bedroom holding a cup of coffee in one hand, and a small plate of toast in the other. The Cherry Brooke Gazette he took from the doorstep of his cousin’s home, where he resided for the holidays, was pinned under his arm.
He sat in the chair by his bed and placed the coffee and plate onto the nightstand. Opening the paper, he turned to “The Rundown,” an article covering the most important news happening in the city.
After a while, he folded the paper over his lap and started on his breakfast. When he went to pick up his cup, it trembled. Stephen set down the toast he was about to bite into and eyed the cup. He tried to lift it with his other hand, but the cup again shook.
“What the hell?” he said, sitting up and began looking into the cup, but his attention was jerked away by the sound of someone pounding on the front door.
“Thomas,” he yelled to his cousin. “Get the door!”
	
II
	
Thomas heard Stephen from the guest bedroom.
“You get the door! I’m busy!” He shouted away from his wife, Cindy, who laid against him underneath the blankets in bed.
“It’s your house!” Stephen said. “So you get the door!”
The knocking continued, even after Thomas tried his best to ignore it by re-focusing on Cindy. He asked her if she would get the door, but even she refused to get out of bed that winter morning. After a few minutes, Thomas slid out from beneath the covers, muttering unfavorable words under his breath. The cold air pierced his skin like needles. 
“I really need to get that heater fixed,” he mumbled. “Whoever’s knocking better have something important or so help me God…”
He hurried from the bedroom, passing Stephen’s room, down the stairs, and to the front door.
Swinging it open, beginning to say: “Hello, sorry for keeping you, I was sleeping and—” but his words faded when he found no one on his doorstep.
He leaned out the door, looking down both ends of his street, to find no one was near his brownstone. Shrugging, he closed the door and started to walk back upstairs. The pounding on the door began almost immediately.
“I told you to get the damn door!” Stephen shouted from his room.
Ignoring his cousin, he trudged back to the door and wrenched it open. “Look! I’m not going to play this game all da—” Thomas stopped, discovering a medium-sized cardboard box on his stoop.
	
III
	
Stephen hadn’t moved since the cup shook. Perplexed, he sat and stared, mulling over what would cause something like this to occur. There was only coffee in the cup. He was well rested, and he was certain he wasn’t hallucinating. He hadn’t touched any drugs for half a year, and not a drop of alcohol had touched his lips in a week. 
Maybe Thomas caused it? Maybe when he got out of bed, he walked heavy enough to shake the cup? Although Stephen didn’t feel the floor shake at all, he assumed that was the answer. Since Thomas was at the front door, he concluded, the cup shouldn’t shake again.
Stephen reached for the cup with his pale hand. But before his knobby fingers could touch the porcelain, it shook, so much so droplets of coffee splashed onto the floral wallpaper.
“Damn it!” he spat, jumping to his feet. With his hands on his waist, he glared at the coffee as though it were a dog who had an accident on the carpet. “Why won’t you let me touch you? There’s no reason I shouldn't be able to. You’re just a cup!"
Stephen paced for some time, trying to come up with a logical reason as to why the mug shook only when he tried to touch it. Eventually he decided that there wasn’t a logical reason, and all he wanted was to drink his damn coffee. 
“What’s the worst that can happen?” He threw caution to the wind, turning to the cup. He lurched and snatched it with both hands.
This time, it did not shake.
	



IV
	
Thomas picked up the box, took it into the kitchen, and set it on the granite topped island. He shouted for Cindy to come downstairs, who arrived grumbling.
“I don’t see why I have to come downstairs. It’s so cold.”
“This came in the mail,” he said, pointing at the box.
“So?” Cindy initially said, but grew curious as she sat on one of the kitchen stools. “Who’s it from? Your mom?”
“There’s no return address, so…” Thomas shrugged. “I guess I should open it.”
With a letter opener taken from the junk drawer, he cut the tape and opened the box. A smaller box was inside, wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper and tied with a red bow. An envelope was next to it. Thomas removed the box and letter, brushed the larger box off the island, and set them on the countertop.
‘READ BEFORE OPENING’ was written in big, bold letters on the envelope. Following orders for no particular reason, Thomas opened the envelope, and slid out a long letter.
“What’s it say?” Cindy said.
It took some time to skim through it, ensuring it wasn’t anything private. What he gathered was crazy, unbelievable, impossible. At a loss for words, he handed the paper to his wife, and nodded for her to take a look.
Aloud, she read the letter.
	
V
	
A grin crept over Stephen’s face. He felt the warmth coming through the porcelain, and he wanted it inside of him. He took a big gulp, but instantly he knew it was wrong, all wrong. It wasn’t the strong, rich taste of hazelnut covering the inside of his mouth—no, but rather sticky gunk tasting like swamp water mixed with gelatin.
Quickly he went to spit it out, but it stuck to his teeth and gums like glue. He set down the cup and began prying the substance with his fingers, pulling with all his strength. It would not give, no matter how much force he used.
Sweat beaded his forehead, and his greasy black hair stuck to his skin. Panic settled in. He had to get this stuff out of his mouth. Frantically he searched the room for any sharp objects, finding a pen lying underneath the bed. He pressed the pointed end into the gunk and pushed the other end.
Several times Stephen accidentally stabbed the inside of his cheek, or the roof of his mouth. It was difficult to use a writing tool to unclog his teeth, but eventually he succeeded. Finally, the gunk shot from his mouth and hit the floor.
Stephen peered at the black blob, taking a few steps back. This wasn’t coffee; this was nothing he had even seen before. He knew something had to be done about it. He couldn’t stand and watch it all day. It would probably stain or outright ruin the floor, and he couldn’t bring this to Thomas. He wouldn’t do anything anyway but yell at him. 
He reached for it but it rippled. Stephen quickly returned his hand to his side. The thing continued to ripple and vibrate, and as his eyes widened, small tears in its body opened and began ejecting sickly green fumes.
“What the hell…”
	
VI
	
December 1, 2001
	
Greetings Thomas,
	
We haven’t spoken in quite some time but this was the last chance to send you this. Before I reveal to you what’s inside the box, I must reveal to you how I obtained it. I work at the Cherry Brooke Museum, mostly sorting what we receive from researchers, donations, and so on. Basically I’m a jack-of-all-trades there.
One day we received several things from a writer who committed suicide. The chilling thing was that when his body was discovered, in his typewriter was a note, reading one short sentence: “It never stops.” This man’s will clearly stated he wanted his belongings to be given to the museum—something about most of his childhood was spent there. We wanted to fulfill his last, dying wish. However, the museum doesn’t accept just any old thing. So, in the morning, I began sorting through everything.
There were hundreds, if not thousands, of books. Unfortunately none were worth much. There were notebooks stacked to the ceiling, all filled with his stories, unfinished or unpublished. From the ones I skimmed, they weren’t very good. On and on I sifted: clothes, pens, pencils, typewriters, even his coffee maker, all of it was thrown into a heap in a corner to be thrown out.
I felt terrible, but what did he expect?
Ages later, I came upon a metal sphere stashed away in a small black box. It looked brittle and sounded hollow, but was sleek underneath the light. I thought it was a Christmas ornament initially, but upon closer inspection, I found that wasn’t the case. 
It was strange, holding something that I couldn’t explain. For instance, why only one sphere? And, it seemed random, since it didn’t go with any of his other belongings.
There had to be more to it. 
	
V
	
The green vapor filled the room, forcing Stephen to open the window. Frigid wind and snowflakes blew into the already-cold room. He didn’t know what to do with the black thing on the floor, but as abruptly as it started, the fumes ceased. As the smoke gradually cleared, Stephen neared it.
Although his mind told him to get out of the room, get Thomas, see what could be done, he pondered what the thing was. It doesn’t seem harmful, he thought. Don’t think it could move on its own, either. No arms or legs, no mouth or eyes, just a black tar ball. The fumes could’ve been toxic, but they’re gone now… 
Taking the pen out from his pocket, he knelt and carefully pressed the pointed end into the black mass. It rippled, nothing more. Prodding it again, but harder. When the pen’s tip broke through the gelatin skin, its insides clenched onto the pen, wrenched it from Stephen’s grip, absorbed it, and ejected it from its opposite side.
The pen shot across the room, and stuck into the wall like a dart. Stephen went to inspect it, but halted when a gurgling noise came from behind.
When he turned around, there was now something new on the floor.
	
VI
	
Thomas heard weird noises coming from his cousin’s room, but he ignored them. After Cindy poured herself a cup of peppermint tea, she continued reading the letter.
	
The following days were spent throwing away what we could of the writer’s things and incinerating the rest. On Friday, I was able to spend time with the sphere. I still didn’t know exactly what it was, but I was so enthralled by it, it held my attention entirely. I found a slit around its middle, implying it could be opened. So, I began trying to open it.
First I used an X-Acto knife to see if I could wedge it apart, but that didn’t work. Then I tried pulling it in two with my hands, which was futile as well. For a few more hours I attempted other things: pliers, mallet, screwdriver, and so forth. Nothing, not a single thing worked. It was surprisingly sturdier than I anticipated. I couldn’t even scratch its surface or smash it open.
By the end of the day, I gave up and began returning my tools. The sphere was on the desk below me, the tool box to my side, and as I was sliding the X-Acto knife into its sleeve, I accidentally sliced my fingertip. Not too bad, I might add, but some drops of blood did seep from my skin and splash onto the sphere.
And, at last, something happened.
	
	
VII
	
The blob was no longer a small bubbling thing, but something rippling, trembling, growing. It shook and expanded. The green fumes spurted out from gaping holes, filling the room despite the open window. A thick, long tar-arm shot out from its left side, then another from its right. It pressed against onto the floor, oil dripping tendrils sinking into the wood, and pushed itself into the air.
A round head formed, then gave shape to an eyeless face with a cavernous mouth. As its giant, upper body towered over Stephen, trunk-like legs sprouted from its bottom, slamming onto the hardwood.
Stephen looked into the face of what he once believed was only coffee, and screamed.
	
VIII
	
Thomas ignored Stephen like before. His cousin was prone to ‘screaming along’ with his favorite metal musicians. It was annoying, to say the least. Thomas now sat next to Cindy, drinking his own cup of peppermint tea. The letter was coming to an end, and he waited to hear what Cindy thought about it after she finished reading it.
	
The sphere absorbed the blood. In amazement, I watched the droplets be sucked into it. Initially, I didn’t know what to do, then it dawned on me. It required blood to activate. Cutting my fingertip again, I squeezed as much as I could onto the sphere. Apparently I provided enough, for indented zigzagging lines moving downwards appeared, forming some type of archaic design. Each line filled with my blood and covered the entire sphere. 
Then something clicked inside it, and the upper portion lifted a centimeter or so. I twisted it off and set it nearby. Before I could see what was inside, the overhead lights flickered. Chalking it up to the decades-old wiring in the building, I finally looked down in excitement at the sphere’s insides to find… nothing. It was empty, like an Easter egg without any chocolate inside! A vacant shell!
Frustrated, disappointed, I set the sphere aside and sunk into my chair. God! I thought. What a waste of time. All for what? Not a damn thing. Later, I gathered my things, put the sphere in one of the two top drawers and set out for home. Before I could leave, the administrator, Mr. Huber, tried to convince me to go out to the bar, but I shrugged him off. I’d rather stew in my anguish than drink it away.
From the museum, I took the bus to Cherrywood Street, walked a few blocks, then caught another at Honey Springs Ave. Night was falling over the city and, although I sat at the back of the bus, I felt like I was being watched, or worse, followed. Every couple minutes, I’d turn around, expecting someone to be there, but of course all there was was the bus’s back wall.
Nearly eight o'clock, I was finally at my apartment building. Only a short elevator trip, I thought, then home free. The feeling of being watched didn’t cease, however. Cherry Brooke’s an enormous city, a lot of weirdos out at night, and I’m just an old man, so I would be lying if I said I wasn’t a little worried. I looked down one end of the street to the other, but there were only cars parked along the sides and the streetlamps. 
I got into my home without issue, and went straight to bed.
Still felt someone looking at me, even as I fell asleep.
	
IX
	
Stephen’s wide frightened eyes darted from the monster to the closed door, and back again. There was no escape. He quickly glanced over his shoulder and out the window, remembering he was on the second level and concrete was below. His heart hammered against his chest.
The monster came towards him, massive arms at its sides, its trunk-like feet sliding across the floor. Steaming, black ooze trails were left behind it. Its yawning maw opened wider and stretched longer as it closed in, and its eyeless sockets burrowed deeper, as though they truly were endless pits.
There wasn’t anything he could do. Trembling, Stephen backpedaled onto his bed and pushed shoved into a corner. He pulled blankets, sheets, and pillows over himself, like it was all a nightmare and it would vanish on its own given time. He shut his eyes and prayed it would disappear and nothing would be there but his cold coffee on the nightstand.
When black drops seeped through everything and dripped onto him, he knew his prayers weren’t answered and he screamed once more.
	
X
	
For weeks, the letter continued, I was followed or watched by something I could not see. Every time I was in my kitchen, I felt its eyes upon me; each moment I sat in my office at the museum, it was there, up in the corner of the ceiling; when I walked home, I faintly heard shuffling behind me, in spite of when I looked nothing was ever there. It was maddening, and I had no idea what to do.
It grew closer with each passing day. I believed it was right on my heels when I walked anywhere, or that it hovered above me while I slept. But what was I to do? I didn’t even know what the hell it was!
I believed I was nearing the end with whatever followed me. Assuming that once it became so close that it was touching me, it wouldn’t only graze my flesh, but enter it! Seeping through pores, entering my bloodstream, coating my organs like a toxic sludge and ultimately killing me from the inside out!
There was another theory, however: once it had entered my body, it would not kill my physical form, but my mental one, and take over the empty shell it hollowed out… 
I digress… I figured I should go back to the source of the sphere. So I went back through the writer’s files and found his name and address, a George Fritzwick, then went to his house. It wasn’t a house but an apartment above a convenience store. I managed to secure the keys from the store manager, who owns the apartment, and he let me know he hadn't been up there to clean yet. I told him it was fine and went up the narrow stairwell, unlocked the weatherbeaten door, and stepped into the cold home.
It was smaller than I imagined. A dusty maroon rug filled the center of the room. There was an empty oak desk against the far wall with a rickety chair tucked underneath, and desolate bookshelves lining the eastern wall. Off-shooting the main room in the rear was a kitchenette and bathroom. Where does he even sit when he’s not writing? I thought.
Not knowing what I was looking for, or even if I would find it, I began searching. I looked behind his bookshelves; peered under his desk and dumped all its drawers; pulled out the fridge and sifted through the kitchen cabinets; and lastly the bathroom. Nothing, not a goddamn thing. I hoped he might've written something about the orb, some type of instructions to aid the unlucky soul who happened to fall into its madness.
Walking from the desk to the door, my foot tripped on the rug and I fell hard onto my knees. I winced and cried out, an old man falling on his knees isn't the best thing for him. The rug’s corner had flipped over, and there was something beneath it. Black streaks that seemed like parts of letters. 
I got to my feet, grimacing, and yanked the carpet from the floor, moving it into the kitchen. Scribbled on the floor in what I believed to be charcoal was a note, presumably from George.
	
	Once opened, death follows.
	Trade hands, save life.
	Discovered, too late.
	
“Jesus,” I gasped. I rushed out of the apartment, caught the bus, got to the museum, hurried into my office, and began writing this letter.
	
Thomas, I’m sorry for this predicament, albeit an extremely selfish one, but this must be done. You’re the only one I could think to send this to. I guess I could have buried the damn thing, but I don’t believe that would’ve worked. Like Mr. Fritzwick said, it must trade hands. If you open the sphere, send it somewhere, send it to the damn moon if you have to, to save yourself. 
I still don’t understand if it still follows the same person once the sphere is in someone else’s hands, or until it’s been opened again. God, I haven’t the faintest clue.
If I’m too late, don’t let me die in vain.
	
Your Grandfather,
	
Christopher.
	
XI
	
The blankets were sucked into the vortex of the monster’s mouth. Stephen looked up into its bottomless eyes, crying, pleading for mercy. It stood on the bed, pushing the frame down into the floor. Stephen frantically searched for an escape. Everything felt like it was happening in slow motion. To his right was the wall, no room to run, and his left was blocked by the monster’s enormous arm. However, between its legs was a small sliver of space to slip through. God! If he wasn’t quick enough, the monster would flatten him into oblivion.
He had to take that chance.
	
XII
	
Cindy looked at Thomas. “Do you think it’s true?”
Thomas winced at the screaming coming from upstairs, and shouted at the ceiling, “Keep it quiet up there Stephen! You’re only here for a week, don’t push your luck!” Then he faced his wife. “No, I don’t think so. Before he got the job at the museum, if I remember right, he was a writer. This is likely just another one of his stories, just in time for the holidays.”
He stood, undid the bow tying the gift together, and lifted the cover from the box. The metallic sphere was inside, and Thomas’s distorted reflection greeted him. When he picked it up, he felt coldness emanating from it.
He retrieved the letter opener and said, “Didn’t he say it works from blood?” Cindy nodded, hesitation, uncertainty, showing on her face. “It’ll be okay," he said. “Nothing’s going to happen, babe.”
He kissed her cheek, then placed his finger over the sphere, propped against the box. With a small slice, he cut his fingertip and squeezed the little amount of blood onto the orb. Red droplets splashed onto the metallic surface and were instantly absorbed.
“Holy shit…” Thomas said under his breath.
Cindy had enough, the fear that was once a speck in the back of her mind consumed her entire thoughts. The thing needed out of their house, out of their life—now. She jumped to her feet, wrenched the sphere from the table, threw it into the box, shut the lid, and while it was pinched in between her arm and body, went and got on her shoes and jacket.
“We’re taking this to the river and dumping it. I don’t care if what your grandfather said wasn’t real, or that maybe it was. It doesn’t matter, we’re not doing this Thomas. I’m not having this kind of stuff in our house, especially if there’s some sort of creature inside.”
She was at the door before he got the chance to put a bandage on his finger. Dumbly he looked at his wife, and although his curiosity was piqued by the sphere—genetics, maybe? he thought—he understood his wife’s concerns.
Once he slipped on his winter jacket and boots, they stopped at the door. He shouted up the stairwell to Stephen, but his words lodged in his throat when he saw what erupted from his cousin's room.
	
XIII
	
Stephen scrambled between the monster’s legs and toppled onto the floor. Quickly he got to his feet and ran for the door. His sweaty palms wrapped around the doorknob, and tried to tear open the door, but it wouldn’t budge. Initially he didn’t understand, his mind not catching up with reality. When Stephen looked up, it all made sense. The monster’s dripping black arm held the door closed.
He continued to try to open the door, using all the strength he could muster, but the monster tore Stephen from the door and threw him to the ground. It circled around him and towered over his writhing body. Tears streamed down his face. His bloodshot eyes were wide with terror, and a puddle of urine formed underneath him.
With both arms the monster picked him up. Stretched open its yawning mouth and threw Stephen in, then clamped its maw shut.
Inside the abyss that was the monster’s body, Stephen fell and fell, screamed and screamed, cried and cried. 
He would continue to do so, forever.
	
“Stephen, we’re leaving! We’ll be right back!” The monster heard Thomas. Its heavy body swiveled to face the door, and lurching, it rammed through the wooden barrier. 
Wood shrapnel splattered the hallway floor, some pieces sprinkling the top of the stairwell. It halted at the stairs, peering down at the man and woman at the bottom. Steaming, oil oozed beneath it, slowly flooding the steps.
	
Thomas and Cindy screamed, rushing for the front door. Cindy reached it first and opened it. The frigid winter air blasted their bare flesh, but they didn’t notice, their fear paramount over all other feelings. They made it to the concrete stoop, but that’s all they managed to accomplish before two black tendrils wrapped around their waists, and pulled them back in.
	
XIV
	
Officer Wilkinson received a call at twelve in the afternoon about a possible breaking and entering on 1723 Wing Street. He pulled up to the street, and parked by the curb. He took a deep breath before going out into the cold. He hated the winter. 
With a lurch, he swung his wide body out from the seat and onto the sidewalk. An empty cardboard box lay in the gutter, and there were small pieces of wrapping paper littering the pavement. He ignored these as he climbed the small set of stairs. 
A powerful gale blew down the street, making him wince and glance down at his hand. The wind bit into the wound on his palm, blood seeping through the poorly self-wrapped bandage. Damn muggers, he thought, always using knives. I’ll have to rewrap it later.
Wilkinson knocked a few times on the front door. No answer. As he waited five minutes, giving enough time for anyone to come to the door before he would try to open it, he found two sets of footprints in the snow and a metal orb. He picked up the sphere. It felt cooler on his wound than the wind. Soothing, too.
At last he tried the doorknob to find it unlocked, so he gave a little push. The door opened smoothly, and he put his body halfway inside, noticing it was nearly as cold inside as it was outside.
“Hello! This is Officer Wilkinson from the Cheery Brooke PD! We got a call about a possible breaking and entering! Anyone home?”
Silence.
He entered the house and slowly closed the door. It reeked of cigarette smoke. From where he stood he could see the kitchen through the living room, and up the stairwell. On the kitchen floor, he thought he saw a box, and a sheet of paper. The stairwell was much different, pieces of jagged wood littered the steps, and thick black liquid caked the stairs.
	
He undid his holster and removed his pistol. Despite the cold, his palms were sweaty. He neared the stairs and climbed them cautiously. To keep his balance and not slip on the black substance, he pocketed the sphere, and held the banister for support.
At the top, there were even more pieces of wood shrapnel, and a puddle of the dark liquid. He followed the water with his eyes: across the hallway, through an empty doorway, and into a bedroom.
“Anyone in there? If you are, please come out with your hands up! I’m with the Cherry Brooke PD!”
Silence, again.
Hesitantly he crept to the opening, quickly put his head through, looked, and pulled his head back. He didn’t see anything dangerous. He stepped into the room, glancing at the wall with a pen sticking out of it, the bed soaked through by dark water, the floor covered in it. A knocked over coffee cup and some uneaten toast was on the nightstand. 
The Officer knelt, touched the water, and put his fingers to his nose.
It smelled a lot like coffee.
“What the he—what was that?” He began to say, and heard a click come from somewhere in the room. He spun around, holding out his gun. No one was standing in the doorway. He inspected the room again. Nothing had changed. He felt something expand in his pocket. He took the orb out and saw the zigzagging, indented red lines, and the upper half slightly raised. 
Wilkinson holstered his weapon and unscrewed and removed the top part of the orb. As though a shadow flashed over the pale light coming in from the window, everything darkened, then lightened.
The sphere was empty.

Notes Under Stones

I
	
While Greg walked to the grocery store to pick up some milk, he noticed a stone on the sidewalk, a note beneath it. He ignored it, not wanting to waste time. 
If it’s still there on the way back, he thought, I’ll grab it.
The stone and the paper were still there on the return trip. Greg was surprised it hadn’t blown away by the strong wind. He picked the note up, leaving the rock, and continued his trek home.
Once he was inside and put the milk away, he went and sat on the living room couch. He set a glass of water and the folded paper on the coffee table. After sipping from his drink, he picked the note up, it felt smooth, the way a notebook page becomes after folding it dozens of times.
He unfolded it to find that it was a written letter. A symbol that resembled five S’s intertwined at their ends and, below, a wavy line. He looked from the symbol to the text, dated today:
	
15 August, 2005.
5:00 P.M.
0141-555-0834
	
Greg checked his wristwatch, it was 4:55 P.M. I’ve already come this far, he thought, getting up and picking up the cordless phone. Might as well go the whole way. Greg dialed the number. A deep, groaning voice answered after a couple rings.
“Be in front of 1525 Beaver Avenue at 9:00 P.M. on August 20th.”
The line went dead before Greg could ask what this was all about.
	
Five days later, Greg debated on going to 1525 Beaver Avenue. A part of him wanted something new to do, some type of adventure in the small town he’d live in for so long. But the other part was cautious, telling him to stay home, ignore his curiosity. Who knows what could happen? It could be a set-up to rob him!
By 8:30 P.M., Greg paced in his living room. To go or not to go? He was curious, yes, but was it worth the risk? Was it worth leaving his house at night to an address given by a stranger? Was it worth endangering his life just because he was bored? 
Sweat beaded his forehead, and his heart pounded against his chest. Greg picked the skin on his head, as if he could reach into his brain and physically help his mind come to a decision. Finally, he chose to go at 8:45 P.M. Without wanting to think further about the possible outcomes, he hurried from the house.
	
After running the half a mile to get there, he arrived at the address. A dilapidated red brick building stood there, and two empty lots flanking it. Under the white glow of the street lamp, Greg paced. His wristwatch read 9:05 P.M. Whatever, whoever, was meant to be there hadn’t showed up yet.
He glanced at the brick building, hoping someone would barge out and yell at him to get off their property. It would take away the responsibility, it wouldn’t be his fault for not being there when something happened. But no one came out of the building or peeked through its many empty windows.
At 9:15 P.M., Greg noticed a rock weighing down a brown paper bag by the bottom of the building. It was too obvious to ignore. Greg took the bag out from under the stone. 
“This must be it,” he muttered to no one.
Not wanting to be there further, he glanced over his shoulder one last time, and hurried home.
	
He dumped the bag’s contents onto the coffee table. Another folded note and a gray, hexagonal trinket. Greg initially believed the trinket was plastic—maybe a toy or a good luck charm—but moving it in his hand, it was solid, sleek, and cold. It was made from some type of stone. One side was indented, with the queer ‘S’ symbol from before. Putting it aside, he unfolded the paper, the same strange symbol drawn on the upper right of the paper, and read:
	
20 September, 2005
10:00 PM
3502 Rose Rd.
	
“Screw this,” he said, unsatisfied, tired. He tossed the paper and trinket back into the bag. “I’m not playing these games anymore.”
He threw the bag underneath the coffee table, then went up into his bedroom to go asleep.
	
For four weeks, Greg barely thought about the note. He went about his life as normal: waking up before sunrise, reading until lunch, then going to work far into the evening. Returning home past sundown, he’d crash into his bed. When the 20th arrived Greg was thankful for only one thing: it was his day off.
He woke up near noon, trudged down into the kitchen, and still half-asleep, slowly made breakfast and a pot of coffee. In the living room, he set the things down onto the table, sunk into the sofa and began eating.
As Greg went to grab the T.V. remote under the coffee table, his hand nudged a piece of scratchy paper.
“What the hell was that?”
Blindly, he grabbed it, holding up the brown bag.
“Oh, that. I forgot about you.”
Breakfast finished, he dumped out the bag on the table once more. He unfolded the note, and checked his wristwatch. Eight hours. He had eight hours to be at 3502 Rose Rd., if he wanted to. Leaning back into the couch, he closed his eyes.
Was there anything going on tonight? No.
Could there be? Should he call Marissa? Should he see what Trevor’s doing? What about the guys at work, should he see if they want to go out after their shift? Or, maybe, should he see where this note takes him? It’s just one night, it’ll probably be nothing anyway… Sure, I guess, why not? If nothing cool happens, I’ll be done, completely done, out of the game and retired.
He opened his eyes and sat up, reaching for his mug. When he went to take another sip, he found it was empty.
“Damn it.”
	
The Garden of Roses was at 3502 Rose Rd. It was a cemetery with a curved steel sign over an iron wrought gate, both sheening underneath the harsh light of the street lamps. The cemetery’s name was engraved into the sign with black, flourishing letters. Greg thought the name was weird for a graveyard, but didn’t think too much about it.
There was another note by the gate with the same symbol from the last two on the top right. It read:
	
Mausoleum
10:30 P.M.
	
The gate was partially open, a chain and lock laid on the ground. Not wanting to risk opening the gate more, Greg squeezed through them. Inside was a gravel path surrounded by grassy plots and tombstones. He figured where he needed to go was further away, so he followed the path. Greg gripped the trinket in his sweaty palm, welcoming its cold.
Soon the mausoleum appeared from the gloom like a forbidding castle. Perched atop its stone turrets were gargoyles with enormous bat-like wings. A towering peaked steel door was embedded into the stone, designed with twisting vines extending from the bottom of a sea towards the sky. Two long, inlaid rectangular windows flanked the door, both opaque.
When Greg got closer, he noticed a hexagonal indent where the doors met. Putting two and two together, he set the trinket into the socket. It slid into place, clicked, and a grinding noise from the inside droned into the night. Another click, then the right door swung inward.
Before setting a foot on the stepping stone leading into the mausoleum, he checked the time. The green LED numbers read: 10:30 P.M.
	



II
	
Nothing could be seen beyond the moonlight falling through the open door. He took out a tiny flashlight, turned it on, and waved it around. Holes filled with ancient caskets covered the walls. Each coffin shared the same design as the peaked door: lines snaking, twisting up the old wood from the sea. As though the light revealed the place’s smell, the stench of decay hit him. He staggered back, coughing, and held his hand in front of his mouth and nose.
It helped a little. Scanning the far wall from the ceiling down, he discovered a set of stairs leading down to an empty doorway. The stairwell was filled with absolute darkness, as though light was forbidden there. Greg weighed the pros and cons of continuing on. The wristwatch read 9:15 P.M.
“Okay,” he said. “I’ll go down, but if it gets too weird by nine-thirty, I’m getting the hell out of here.”
Greg cautiously descended the stairwell. The stairwell was narrow, and the walls he used for support turned from cement to cobblestone, as did the stairs. It twisted for what felt like forever. Peaked holes in the left wall poked out intervals, for what he assumed were for candles.
The mausoleum’s aroma faded as he descended, to only give way to another. Sea salt, fishy, like he was standing before the beach. At last, he made it to the bottom, and the hair on his arms stood straight, and his breath came out white fog.
He scanned the room with his flashlight, illuminating another note pinned by a stone. Quickly he unfolded it. Putting the light to it, it read:
	
Forward.
	
Letting the note fall to the ground, he listened to directions. He didn’t bother to look around or inspect the moss covering the ceiling. Greg focused ahead, but soon grew tired. The game, or whatever it was, was getting boring. He just wanted to get to the end to find what the hell this was all about. Sitting at home and watching T.V., Greg thought, would have been better than walking aimlessly in a dark, cold room beneath a mausoleum.
And the smell, God! It only worsened the farther he went. There was so much salt and moisture in the air he could taste it, feel it on his skin. He longed for a hot shower and mouthwash. But, strangely, he could hear water lapping against something in the distance. It reminded him of the trip to the ocean he took as a kid. Sitting on the weather-beaten back porch of his parents’ beach home in the morning, gray foamy waters flowering over the shore, then ebbing. The sound it made interrupted only by the cries of seagulls calmed him. Sometimes, young Greg would lay on the hard floor and fall back asleep.
When he took a step forward, his foot sank into freezing water. The childhood memories vanished. He pointed the flashlight down to find the water lapping against the stone floor.
“What the hell?”
Stepping back, he could see more. He swung the light from one end of the room to the other, finding that the light couldn’t reach its end. The illuminance ended after a few feet, not only walls or any objects. It was as if the darkness swallowed it, as if the room stretched on forever.
The water went on for eternity, too. The murky water lapped in front of him, and Greg wasn’t sure what to do now. He couldn’t keep going, and outright refused to dive in the water. After checking the time—9:45 P.M.—he decided he had enough and wanted to leave. What a huge waste of time, he thought. How could I have been such an idiot?
Greg turned around and noticed another note on the clammy ground. He picked up, read it.
	
Welcome.
	
“Welcome?” He threw the paper to the floor. “Welcome my ass.”
Before Greg could walk away from the underground sea, something splashed behind him. He waved his flashlight, but saw nothing. There was another splash on the opposite side. Then another elsewhere. The cacophony of splashing filled the air, reverberating off the floor and ceiling. It was as though hundreds of things were jumping into the water— or jumping out.
Greg sprinted towards where he believed the stairwell was. Heart pounding in his chest, lungs aflame, a sharp pain lancing through his stomach. He couldn’t hold back the piss soaking through his pants. The flashlight’s blades of lights frantically swung up and down in his hand.
There were sounds all around him, hundreds if not thousands, of wet things slapping stone, heavy breathing, gurgling echoing from every direction.
The taste of blood coated his tongue, and the salt in the air stung his eyes. He felt like he was drowning above water. Tripping on crooked tile, he crashed against the stone floor, crushing his kneecap. He screamed, gripping his leg, and rolled onto his side. The flashlight had flown from his hands in the fall, skidding across the ground, stopping several feet away. It’s light still shined. Illuminating what Greg didn’t, couldn’t, know.
Oily, glistening, a coat of mucus or slime over splotchy, teal flesh. Long, thin legs and large, wide webbed feet. The rest of it masked by darkness. Greg tried to get up, but his ankle erupted in flames. Must’ve broken it in the fall. All he could do was curl into the fetal position and cry. He wanted to scream, but he knew his screams wouldn’t reach anyone—anything—that could help this far below the earth.
God, what were they? He heard them moving towards him. Their feet slapping, the stickiness sound they made when they peeled them from the floor. Their breath reeked of mold and seaweed, cloying down his throat. His fear kept his rising bile in check. Their damp, frigid hands flattened against him, and elongated talons curled into his flesh. One after another until he began being dragged back to where he ran from.
His flashlight’s glow dwindled, dwindled, until the gloom overwhelmed it, a star winking out of existence. The cold water splashed his clothes, and soon soaked through them as his body was pulled under. It was far too late to scream, but Greg did anyway, hollering until the water filled his stomach, lungs, and he couldn’t scream anymore.

Sounds of a Silent Forest

Sun trickled through the forest canopy overhead, and the whitewater river the boys walked along quietly streamed over algae covered boulders. Michael led the way, while Tyler followed a few feet behind. 
“Why did I have to come, and why did we go so early?” Tyler said, pushing the blonde hair from his eyes.
Michael didn’t turn around to speak. “It’s good for you to hike. And we left early so we’re not dealing with the heat. Suck it up, you’ll be fine.”
The dirt path curved around a fallen tree. A breeze kicked up, rustling the treetops, making the oaks groan. Ferns flanking the path shuddered, the bushels deeper into the woods shook. Both boys were thankful for the wind, cooling their sweat. They both inhaled deeply, filling their lungs with the crisp, fresh air. Despite the beautiful scenery around them, Tyler still asked: “When are we going home, Mike? I’m getting hungry."
As they started up a small slope, Michael said, “We’re about halfway to the car, so maybe an hour from home with the drive. How are you still hungry? You ate a ton before we left.”
“I’m a growing boy.”
“Yeah, outward.”
The trail ascended the side of a steep hillside, leaving both boys flushed and trying to catch their breath. When they reached a flat area, they took a break. Through an opening in a wall of thickets, they looked upon the tall oaks and pines climbing the hill on the opposite side of the valley, giving way to the crystal blue sky.
Tyler’s breath was still labored when Michael started again. “Seriously?”
“Hey,” he said, “you wanted to get home quickly, didn’t you?”
Snaking down the hill, the path weaved passed several clouds of thorn bushes, then smoothed out, their surroundings opening wide. Trees surrounding them transitioned from oak to walnut. The weathered sign they sluggishly passed read: Walnut Flats. Tall, thick dark boles ejected around them into the sky. Dozens haphazardly jutted from the open soil the boys resided in. A wall of lush greenery in the distance seemingly ceased the walnuts path.
They found an opening between a line of bushes, revealing a bed of smooth river rocks gradually giving way to a whitewater stream. The water babbled over the stones, splashing against boulders erupting from the riverbed. Treetops rocked with the strengthening wind, leaves brushed against one another, and birds chirped from places unseen. The atmosphere was so serene, so complete, that both boys didn’t dare to move or speak, as though any action would disrupt the forest’s serenity.

II
	
The river caught Tyler’s attention. After a few moments, he followed the small path to the water’s edge, carefully crouched on the slippery stones and watched the stream.
Minutes later, Michael shouted, “C’mon Tyler! You wanted to go home, so let’s get moving!”
Tyler straightened, and while walking back to Michael, said: “Yeah, okay, whatever. Let’s go then. I was just enjoying the view, something I’m supposed to be doing.”
The older boy turned away, and started the trail. “Well you can do that while we walk.”
Tyler didn’t care enough to respond, readjusting his backpack.
The trail veered to the east in a wide arch, away from Walnut Flats, and steadily moved west, ascending a slope. The dirt became difficult to manage, with thick, veiny roots snaking in and out. Tyler tripped over them a few times and Michael stubbed his toe twice. Pushing away from the river, the path left the riverside, and soon it couldn’t be seen through the trees, though its babbling could still be heard. Neither boy spoke, focusing on getting back to the car as quickly as they could.
Tyler slowly grew agitated with Michael. It was hot, he was tired, he was hungry, his feet hurt, and above all else, he didn’t want to be there. Not only was he forced out of his house in the morning, but it was a Saturday! For what? To walk in the woods? Who wanted to do that? Weekends were meant for sleeping in, watching television and playing video games; not doing something that made him sweaty and smell, made his chest burn and his body ache.
To Michael, Tyler believed, his happiness came second.
Their legs throbbed as they moved up a steep slope, and when they reached the top, they heard something from behind. It wasn’t a chipmunk, a squirrel, or a deer; not animal-like at all. It sounded to Tyler like a boulder crashing to the ground, or a tree snapping and falling. He glanced over his shoulder, finding nothing out of the ordinary. When he faced ahead, he noticed something was—felt—different.
“Did something happen?” he said.
“No,” Michael spat over his shoulder. “Nothing happened.”
Not wanting to annoy Michael further, Tyler gritted his teeth and continued on, but soon stopped. Something definitely had changed. He sensed it, although he couldn’t quite put his finger on it. The trees, bushes, thickets, the dirt path, the sky, everything looked the same, but something was… off. Then, It hit him like a slap in the face. There wasn’t any noise! Tyler couldn’t hear the river, or the trees swaying, or the leaves rustling, it was as though the world went silent.
“There aren’t any sounds!” he shouted to Michael, who halted.
“No… I can still hear—wait, yeah, you’re right... I can’t hear the river, or the… trees?” Michael turned around and walked back to Tyler. He looked at the woods, the sky, the ground; as though he needed to confirm with his eyes that the things were still there, and only the sound had changed.
“Weren’t we just by the river? And the trees, they’re everywhere.”
“Maybe we moved further uphill than we thought, so the river is too far away. And the trees, I, uh, really don’t know.”
They stood without speaking for a few minutes, then Tyler said, “Should we go back to Walnut Flats? To see maybe if something happened to our hearing or something? Maybe it’s only this part of the trail, being quiet and stuff?”
“Yeah, sure,” Michael said, uncertain, “Why not?” He went to pass by Tyler, but tripped on a root, crashing to the ground. He brought his arm up to break his fall, and he hissed as it scrapped against a stone poking out from the dirt.
“Shit! You okay, Mike?” Tyler said, reaching down to help his friend up.
Mike waved him off, pushed off the earth and stood. “I’m fine, I’m fine, don’t worry about it.” He brushed off his clothes, then bent his arm, showing a nasty scratch extending midway from his forearm to his elbow. Dirt and pebbles and other debris embedded in torn, redden flesh.
“Shit,” Tyler hissed.
“Yeah…” He rubbed it with the bottom of his shirt, doing little. “I’ll have to get it checked out when we get back.”
“Your mom’s going to be pissed.”
“Probably,” Michael said, and turned ahead. “But, let’s get going.”
They hurried down the trail.
Tyler had to run to keep up with Michael the entire way to Walnut Flats. They stopped where they had before. The river between the thickets wasn’t calm, but it didn’t babble or gurgle, no noise at all.
Both boys looked to the canopy overhead moving with the wind, without any sound, and discovered they could no longer feel the wind, either. Treetops softly pushed and pulled against one another, leaves drifted to the ground.
Neither Michael nor Tyler knew what to think or to do. Their minds attempted to come up with an explanation, a logical reason. Maybe both their ears popped? Maybe both became deaf at the same time? Maybe they both fell asleep and this was a dream? Maybe, maybe, maybe… Nothing made sense, it just was. The palpable stillness became overwhelming, an overpowering noise without noise.
III
	
“Why aren’t there any sounds, Mike?” Tyler said, his agitation melted away, fear replacing it. “Shouldn’t there be noises?" 
“Yeah, should be, but…” he began, but as his vision moved from the trees to the river, his mind wandered from the conversation.
As Michael’s thoughts drifted, Tyler bombarded him with questions that the older boy could never possibly answer. It became so annoying that Michael snapped at Tyler to shut up, and even Michael’s remark didn’t reach far. It was muffled, like he screamed through a dozen walls, resonating only a couple feet away then abruptly ending.
Wind poured through the forest. Fallen leaves wafted into the air, boles swayed, the boy’s clothes pushed against their bodies. Yet they didn’t feel the wind, or heard it rushing over their ears.
“The trees are moving, but there’s no noise!” Tyler shouted, as if this was his first time noticing. “And I can’t feel the wind, Mike! What's going on?”
“Shut up!” Michael screamed again, silencing Tyler. “You can’t keep saying the same thing over and over again and expect a different answer. I know there’s no sound! Jesus Christ. Let me think!”
Minutes passed without a word.
“Maybe,” Michael suggested, “maybe we traveled high up enough that our eardrums haven’t popped, like on an airplane, and it’s blocked the sound.”
“That makes no sense,” Tyler said, fighting back the tears right behind his eyes. “We can hear each other fine. And we’re back where we started, Mike, so shouldn’t it be normal? It also doesn’t explain the wind. Our clothes feel it, but not our bodies. It’s like we’re ghosts or something.”
Michael looked into the sky, nodding, muttering, “Yeah, that’s true, I guess…
“Either way,” he started. “This is creeping me out, let’s just get back to the car and go home. We should be only like forty-five minutes away, so let’s hustle.”
Tyler sniffled, rubbed his eyes, and nodded. Both boys set out in a half-jog, half-walk towards their vehicle.
	
IV
	
No matter how much distance the boy’s put between them and Walnut Flats, the silence never ceased. They tried to fill it with conversation, but each time something moved without a sound, it felt like their brain missed a step. They would fall uncomfortably quiet. The entire forest became unsettling, pushing them to move quicker.
“How close are we Mike?”
“The car’s after this bend, then we’re out of here.”
Both boys sprinted ahead, nearly tripping over the thick roots underfoot. Their hair was thrown back, sweat streaked their face, and smiles crept over them. They were at the end, everything was over, it was going to be okay. Relief washed over them like the breeze they couldn’t feel, and a small laugh escaped Tyler.
When they rounded the bend, the car wasn’t there. They had somehow returned to the section a little after leaving Walnut Flats. Both of them dug their heels into the dirt, stopping.
“What the hell?” Michael said between gulping breaths, his hands on his belly.
“Maybe it’s farther away than you thought?" Tyler said, hunched over, his hands on his knees, gasping for air.
“Yeah, maybe.”
	
After another grueling fifteen minutes of running, they stopped when the same section of the woods came into view. Where they started was now their end
Tyler coughed into his arm. “Weren’t we just here?”
Anger built up inside Michael like steam. What the hell was going on? He screamed, as though he was letting out the imaginary steam, then turned to Tyler. “No, it’s impossible. It’s another place that looks like that one. It’s the woods, a lot of it looks the same.”
“You sure?”
Michael’s glare was his answer. Without speaking, they agreed to keep trying. Again and again, they ran the same path. Their lungs burned, legs screamed for relief, knees felt like they were going to give way at any moment. Thirty minutes turned to an hour and an hour turned to two and soon their bodies decided for them to give up. 
Exhausted, soaked in sweat, limbs throbbing, Tyler collapsed to the ground.
“I ca—I can’t go anymore. Let’s rest.”
Michael didn’t want to admit he was exhausted, too. He tried to mask it by pacing in the area they stopped, but his soles and toes burned and his legs were like rubber.
“This trail only takes an hour, two at most, to walk completely! I’ve hiked it a dozen times. It’s been like three hours.”
“Well not today, so can we just chill for a moment? My feet hurt like a bitch, and I can’t breathe.”
“Yeah, sure, fine. Let’s at least walk back to Walnut Flat and rest there,” Michael said.
Tyler dragged his body onto his feet, and walked with Michael back to Walnut Flats. When they arrived, they sat onto the patch of soil, still cool from the night. The boys worked on catching their breath, relaxing, but Michael couldn’t help but to glance over his shoulder at the silent river. Questions without answers filled his mind, and more importantly, how after three hours of running they kept returning to the spot they had left, over and over again.
Tyler stared at the mute, swaying treetops. Questions didn’t fill Tyler’s mind, for his mind was full of fear. Terrified that what was affecting the forest—maybe even the world—might start affecting them.
“Now what?” Tyler said. “We keep going until we find the car?”
Michael faced Tyler. “What else can we do? We’re midway between the start and end of the trail, and the car is that way,” Michael nodded in the direction. “So unless you have a better idea, then, yeah, we’re going to keep going.”
Silence, then Tyler abruptly said: “Man, I wish we could feel the wind. It’s so hot…”
“I’d say let’s take a dip in the river, but with the way it is, I wouldn't suggest it…” Michael shook his head. “I can’t figure out if this place is screwed up or we are.”
“I wouldn’t get in that river for all the money in the world.”
“Yeah, same.”
Forty-five minutes passed.
“All right, let’s get going. We have to get to the car before nightfall. Being stuck in the woods at night would suck, especially without a flashlight.”
“Don’t even joke about that, Mike.”

V
	
Each time they came to where they left, they glanced at each other without a word, then continued on. After the fifth, sixth, seventh time, they acted as though the same part wasn’t there, keeping their vision focused ahead. They refused to pay attention to what surrounded them, the woods becoming a smear of green and brown. They just wanted to get back to the car. Night settled in, the sun lost behind the tall oaks, pinks, oranges, and yellows igniting the sky. 
“Mike, the sun is setting. It’s going to be dark soon.”
“No shit. Don’t you think I can see that?” Michael snapped. “And don’t bother mentioning we’re in the same damn place still. Let’s just set up here and wait out the night.”
They fell in the patch of soil once more, sitting together. Their sight roved aimlessly over the darkening forest.
“You think we should try to take the path the other way?” Tyler suggested.
“Too late now, plus I’m beat.” Michael said. 
Both boys fell quiet.
The sky’s vibrant colors faded into starless black, but soon the full moon rose over and above the trees. Pale light trickled through the canopies, providing enough illuminance to keep the thick darkness away.
“I’m hungry,” Tyler said after a few hours without a word.
“Let’s check the backpack again, maybe we missed an extra snack bar.”
They checked Michael’s bag to find an uneaten candy bar beneath a heap of foil wrappers.
He broke it into two, and Tyler devoured his portion. The older boy chewed on his part, savoring it, not knowing when there’ll be more. When Michael finished, he crinkled the foil wrapper to see if it made any noise. It made an ever-so-faint sound, as though it was being crinkled miles away or underwater.
“So not all things are mute,” he said. “Only the woods.”
“Huh…” Tyler said, shrugging. “It’s weird but doesn’t really help.”
“True.”
Sitting back to back, they kept each other propped up. Tyler pulled his knees to his chest, and Michael extended his legs out. Before they closed their eyes and attempted to sleep, Michael glanced over the silent moonlit river, and Tyler took another peek at the silhouetted, swaying trees.

The temperature lowered as the hours slowly went by. Shivering, they only managed to sleep in fifteen minute increments before the cold woke them. As they fought to stay asleep, something occurred that neither of them expected. A sound shattering through the quiet, like the one Tyler heard before the silence. A boulder exploding, a tree snapping and falling…  
Their eyelids flew open, and any hope they had for sleep was lost.
“What was that, Mike?”
“I don’t know… Let’s check it out.”
They stood, stretched, and peered into the forest. The moon was now arching towards the opposite horizon, and under the ghostly light, the trees casted dim, long shadows.
“I don’t see anything Mike.”
“Yeah neither do I. Maybe it was just a dre—”
The sound erupted again. He quickly looked where the noise emanated from, finding an eerie green glow beyond the undergrowth far past the walnut trees. Michael pointed and Tyler’s mouth gaped. The soft, green light radiated into the air like mist, ascending boles, blanketing foliage.
“Wha—what is that?” Tyler said, lips trembling from fear or cold, he didn’t know.
“No clue,” Michael said, shaking his head. “But I don’t want to find out, let’s get out of here. I don’t care if it’s night or not.”
“But we can’t see the trai—”
“I don’t care, I’m going. With or without you.”
Michael started on the path by the time Tyler realized what had happened, and he had to jog to keep up with him. They stumbled over unseen roots and inlaid rocks, the moonlight barely reaching that far down. Thick gloom concealed their feet, making it more difficult to navigate the earth.
Despite their best effort, it took them thirty minutes to reach the end of the trail. But it truly wasn’t the end, but the beginning of Walnut Flats.
	
VI
	
Tyler paced in circles, sweating, mumbling under his breath; his legs ached, his feet burned, and his heart berated his chest. He couldn’t help twitching his hands and wiping his forehead. He didn’t know what to do. All he wanted was to be home, in his bed, in his room. That’s all he ever wanted, to be home, to be safe. Didn’t want to step foot in the woods, didn’t want any part of this. His sight remained glued to the ground, refusing his curiosity to get the better of him and glance behind the trees.
Michael tried to calm him down, but his words fell on deaf ears. His own horror crept into the forefront of his mind, but he held it at bay, believing if Tyler grew more afraid, things would only get worse.
“Just calm down, Tyler. It’ll be oka—”
Another sharp, cracking noise, louder than before, echoed. It was more precise, as though it were meant for two boys. Michael whipped around, and Tyler failed not to look. The light green mist had grown, the underbrush and a few trees were silhouetted within the green fog. But now they could make out what was creating the vapor. A crudely round, jagged body, protrusions coming out and spewing the green haze.
	
“I know this sounds like a bad idea,” Michael abruptly said, “but I think we should see what it is.”
“Are you nuts? We’re not going anywhere near that thing. We’re staying right here until sunrise, then figure out how to get out of here.”
“Well, yeah, of course we’re going to do that, but…” His words trailed off as his eyes widened, becoming strangely captivated by the object. “... We could see what it is before that. Kill two birds with one stone."
“That doesn’t make any sense, Mike. We’re not going near that thing; not now, not when the sun rises, not ever.”
“Fine, then… I’ll just go by myself.” He held back the smile creeping across his face, a small longing forming in his mind of being alone with it.
“What? No! You’re being an idiot! Something might happen. It’ll be like that time you wanted to jump over that picnic bench at the park. You broke your leg doing that one, huh? And for what? Just cause you wanted to. What happens if you get hurt again? Or worse, die?”
“Something might happen, but something might not. It’ll be okay, it won’t be like the bench, and I’m not going to die, I promise. I’ll just go over there, take a quick peek and be back. Five minutes, tops.”
“Five minutes?”
“Five minutes.”
“Fine, whatever, go.”
Michael had begun to push through the ferns before Tyler finished his sentence. His movements were slow, as though wading through water. His wide eyes remained on the thing, and the yearning to be near became stronger and stronger until it overwhelmed his mind entirely. Not an inkling of questioning why he felt that way, what it was, what it could be or do, not how to get home or Tyler or where it came from… 
Passing the walnut trees, the air gradually thickened, the mist like moisture sticking to his skin, damping his clothes. A clearing was beyond the underbrush. Michael entered into it and stood before what he desired. A meteor or something like jutted from the earth, the surrounding grass charred black, turned to soot. Tendrils of lush emerald shimmered as they weaved from its body into the fibers of the earth, intertwining with roots and plant life. Blunted spikes erupted haphazardly over its frame, only interrupted by craters releasing the green mist.
Its peridot light throbbed, so bright not even the moonlight seemed able to reach where they were. Now only feet away, Michael became enraptured more than ever. More than just curiosity, but a paramount need. He wanted to inspect its crude surface, touch the coarse layer, feel it against his flesh, and inhale its otherworldly aroma.
He neared the meteor without feeling his legs move. Far away its body appeared rocky, jagged, but up close, it rippled like water, holographic, transparent liquid shaking. The vapor congested the world around me, and Michael forgot the burnt grass caking his shoes or the tendrils slithering underfoot.
Michael barely could breathe, but that didn’t matter. After what felt like hours, he felt compelled to touch it, to do so paramount, overwhelming him, as though the meteor screamed for it.
He extended his arm. Sweat stood on the back of his hand, his body trembling, lips parted, heart hammering, and—
“It’s been five minutes! Get back here Mike!” He heard Tyler shout, though it sounded like he shouted from miles away.
“I will!” he shouted over his shoulder. “Just a second!” 
He held his palm inches from the rippling meteor, green vapor seeping between his splayed fingers, a prickling, itchy sensation spreading up, inside his arm from where the scratch was. A dull numbness settled in his chest like falling snow, running off to collect in his abdomen. He wasn’t sure if it was him or the meteor but it didn’t matter. Reaching out to touch it again—
“Get back here! I know how you get, don’t touch it!” Tyler shouted. “You don’t know what it is, or what it could do!”
Under his breath, Michael spat. “Asshole.” Then: “Okay, Fine! I’ll be there in a few seconds.”
Michael withdrew his arm, turned and begrudgingly returned to Tyler. The thought, feeling, need to touch it, still remained forefront in his mind.
“What was it?” Tyler asked.
“A meteor, I think.”
“Did you…”
“No, I didn’t touch it.” Michael said, flatly.
Silence fell over the boys. 
“Maybe one of us should keep watch, just for a few hours?” Tyler looked up, noticing the green gas filling the gaps between the treetops. “That mist seems to be growing.”
“I can do it,” Michael said, but Tyler quickly said: “No, you’re exhausted. I got the first watch.”
Michael grumbled as he sat against Tyler on the ground. He tried his best to sleep, and thankfully he was able to soon.
	
VI
	
Tyler groaned as he opened his eyes, immediately realizing he was lying on the ground. Michael was gone. Tyler got to his feet, and peered into the forest. Against the green glow, he could make out Michael running towards the meteor, a part of his arm ebbing with the same light.
Tyler screamed for him, but Michael didn’t hear or ignored him. The older boy’s reached the clearing while the younger boy’s legs pumped as fast as they could through the underbrush. Tyler’s shouts fell on deaf ears again. Michael was only a few feet away from the meteor when Tyler began avoiding the walnut trees.
Screaming, he begged for Michael to stop, to not touch it. Michael’s outstretched hand pushed through the mist. Tyler burst into the clearing, and sprinted towards him.
“Mike! Stop! Don’t!”
Michael glanced at Tyler. Shadows stretched over his face, and the green vapor darkened his body. Piercing through the darkness, spirals of bright green swam under raised flesh, ejecting into Michael’s eyes.
“I have to…” Michael whispered.
As Tyler reached through the mist to grab ahold of him, to pull him back, Michael sunk his palm through its external, wavering surface and touched what was underneath. Wind shot in every direction from its bottom, throwing Tyler to the ground.
But Michael hadn’t moved, Michael was now tethered to it, his body abiding by its cosmic laws. 
Frozen by fright, Tyler only watched the swirling greens in Michael’s eyes dart frantically, as though they were trapped tiny snakes searching for a way out. Honed green light formed from Michael’s injury, and spilled around him, like a neon green marker tracing the outline of his body. And little by little, splinting roots broke into him, shooting out like ink from a broken pen. Over and over until the filaments met and converged and bloomed over Michael until he was only emerald, only crystal.
The friend Tyler knew was no longer, but he didn’t, couldn’t, know that. He stumbled as he stood, and ran to him, tears streaming from his eyes.
“Let go of it Michael!”
Tears fell into his gaping mouth while he tried to save Michael from the meteor, but it was futile, for his body has a sheen of gloss, of oil, making it impossible for Tyler to grip him. He wrapped his arms around his waist, dug his heels into the shimmering soil and pulled with every ounce he could muster… But no matter how much he tried, cried, screamed or begged, his friend wouldn’t or simply couldn’t be moved. Michael was an extension of it.
“Let go of the damn meteor!” he sobbed, balling his fists, clenching his teeth. “Why didn’t you listen?” Anger surged and Tyler threw a punch for it not to meet a solid surface, but passing through it like the green mist.
Eyes wide, gasping, he wrenched his arm and staggered back. He glanced at his hand, then to Michael. Zigzagging streaks of black ascended the crystal, and Michael shuttered, cracked, and crumbled. Chunks of emerald tumbled and when they reached the ground, they faded into vapor, joining the rest of it surrounding the woods.
The mist receded, pouring back into the meteor’s craters. Soon there was no longer a sign that Michael ever stepped foot in the woods that day, except in the memories burning in Tyler’s mind.

Tyler hardly recalled the remaining time spent in the forest. Lost in a haze of confusion, anger, and grief. He remembered screaming at the meteor, crying, hitting the ground, furious that it had taken his only friend. As though Michael was there, Tyler asked how he was going to explain to his parents what happened, the police that would be called, and what was he to do without him?
Time slipped away. Night ended without notice, and the sun rose from the horizon, illuminating the open, clear sky pumpkin pink. 
Small blades of sunlight trickled through the trees behind Tyler, some falling onto the meteor. The green hue extinguished, the emerald fog dissipated, and the meteor or its tendrils emitted a high pitched chittering.
It spun rapidly counter clockwise, spewing smoke, dust and dirt, then erupted into the sky. Attached to its bottom were thousands, if not millions, of long dangling, shimmering emerald appendages. With its departure, it took the silence… and Tyler’s best friend.
Sound flooded Tyler, forcing him to grip his ears, cry out, wincing with pain. It was like the entire weight of the world came down upon him. It was not only loud, but overwhelmingly loud, it was as though the sound blotched out everything, entering every opening in his body. Tyler splayed out his body on the ground, clenched his teeth, and prayed his head wouldn’t explode from the pressure.
Rustling trees, swaying grass, gusts of wind, birds chirping, river babbling; everything flooded his ears like water bursting through a dam. He screamed into the grass, hoping that letting out his own sounds would help relieve the pressure in his brain. He began writhing, trembling, until at last, it became too much to handle, too much to bear, and the world and its sounds, winked out of existence like his consciousness. 
He groggily came to hours later. He stumbled to his feet, glancing where the meteor once was. Wiping the grass and dirt from his face and clothes, Tyler left the clearing, and trekked back to Walnut Flats. He noticed the cool breeze on his face, the aroma of the forest, the leaves crunching underfoot. The meteor took more than they really knew: everything felt better, normal; even the air seemed fresher.

Standing at Walnut Flats and facing the river, Tyler took deeply inhaled, like he were inhaling the sounds of the water. A few moments later, he faced the dirt trail and began the hike for the last time. Tyler took the last bend, and could see his red car a quarter a mile away, parked on a small rise.
He took off towards it, his feet seemingly flying over the thick roots in the soil and up the slope. Nearly dropping the keys as he took them from his pocket, he rushed to unlock the door, swing it open, and jump into the driver's seat.
Tears fell free and hard, sobs racking his chest, but he still was able to shove the key into the ignition and start the car. The sound of the motor and rock music Michael left on issuing from the speakers were the best sounds he ever heard. 
Johnny's Story

After Mr. Thomas’s sixth grade class had ended, Mr. Thomas read a paper containing things that no twelve-year-old could possibly write, let alone imagine. Johnny Carmickle’s assignment brimmed with horrors of another place, of another world. So specific that it forced Mr. Thomas to stop reading altogether. All the teacher wanted was a few sentences covering what they did over the summer, not what he held in his sweaty hands.
It was written by an adult, he told himself. Must be. Johnny’s father was a writer, a few horror novels to his name, so Mr. Thomas assumed it was he who wrote the paper. Regardless of how many times Mr. Thomas asked Johnny who wrote the paper, the boy remained adamant that he wrote it. 
“Okay,” Mr. Thomas said, disappointed, “but why write a paper like this? Your summer couldn't have possibly been like this.” 
Johnny stared up at his teacher, with wide eyes and his closed mouth, and nodded. 
That was the last time it was mentioned, not because Mr. Thomas stopped caring, but because the boy and his family disappeared. He found out on the news while getting coffee in the staff lounge the following Monday.
The police had notified the principal, Mrs. Rose, that the family vanished sometime Friday evening. None of their credit cards were used, nor was any money withdrawn from their bank accounts. Hell, their car was still in the driveway, keys left on the ring by the front door. The authorities concluded they hadn’t gone on vacation or ran away. They might have been kidnapped, though there wasn’t enough evidence to go on. It wasn’t until Monday morning that it was discovered that they were gone, by a neighbor who grew concerned when Johnny wasn’t seen standing outside, waiting for the school bus.
Shock ran through most of the teachers, but some hardly seemed to care.
“Do the police have any solid leads?” Mr. Thomas asked the principal.
Mrs. Rose just shook her head. 
Before he could question further, the bell rang, and the teachers filed out from the lounge into the hall.
Mr. Thomas silently wished the Carmickles well, and returned to his empty classroom. He had no students this period. At Johnny’s desk, to collect what there was and possibly give it to the authorities, the teacher found nothing underneath the tabletop. No pencil or pen, not a scrap of paper. 
He went to his desk at the front of the class, and opened the top drawer, to start getting ready for his class. Johnny’s story was beneath the assignments for the week. Taken aback, he was sure the boy had taken it home… Shrugging, the teacher picked it up and skimmed it once more, then folded it and put it into his pocket.
Why bother sending it? No one needed a story like this, even if Johnny happened to write it. It’s just a paper anyway, no real sentimental value, he believed, and no importance to the police investigation.
Moreover, Mr. Thomas chose to not show it to the principal, as he was once instructed to do with these types of things. It remained in his pocket the entire day, and he brought it home with him. His plans initially were to burn it, to remove the horrible tale from existence so no one could read it anymore.
But, when he stood at his gas stove, the blue flames wavering beneath the black steel grate, he felt a tug, a pull, some sort of connection with the paper that bloomed the feeling of importance. As though he was trying to sell something that he owned for years, uncertainty, loss, the irrational fear of it no longer in his possession flooded him. Mr. Thomas turned off the jet, and put the paper back into his pocket.
Mr. Thomas decided to keep and treasure it, like all important objects, by putting it in his safe underneath his bed upstairs. He slid it across the red velvet cushion among, tucked in by his licensed pistol, a stack of fifty and hundred dollar bills, used for holidays and birthdays, and odds and ends he inherited from his deceased parents.

While he taught, went for groceries, did anything that took him away from his home, Mr. Thomas thought about the story, imagining the folded paper inside the safe. Scenarios played in his mind like short films. Someone breaking in, getting his safe open, and ignoring the money and firearm, picking the paper up and reading it, then the film would dissipate and another would begin.
His sister coming to visit unannounced, which she’d done many times in the past. Her curiosity would get the better of her, so much so not even the hundreds of books lining his walls would appease her. She’d investigate every cabinet, glance under every piece of furniture, and eventually find the safe. She knew him too well—the code being his birthday—and the steel door would click open. His sister would ignore the gun, money, heirlooms, and retrieve Johnny’s story…
The overwhelming urge of remaining home consumed Mr. Thomas to the point that he started to miss days of work, only made short trips to the grocery store, and outright refused any invitations from his friends. Like an untreated infection, his paranoia grew. No one was allowed inside his house, he couldn’t constantly surveil everyone―they could steal the story, ruin it, eat it, they could do anything!
However, what would happen if someone did read it? Would it be so bad? Would he lose his job? Would someone get hurt? To Mr. Thomas, now submerged in fear and obsession, he truly believed if someone else’s gaze fell onto Johnny’s story, his world would crumble. 

One night, as he laid in bed staring at the white tiled ceiling, his eyes wide and heavy with purple bags, he heard a voice from somewhere in the house. It was faint, child-like, as if a boy had broken into his home to only whisper gibberish. Mr. Thomas sat up and listened. Only silence greeted him, but when he lay back down, it was there again. Too low to discern, but sounded like: “Come.”
He shot up, perspiration beading his forehead, and looked from one side of the room to the other. The white curtains dulled the moonlight, only allowing in a faint glow, and the shadows thrown by his bed frame and dresser darkened the right side of the room. There was no outline of a child, no sign of anyone at all.
It must be from not sleeping, he told himself. Yes, I haven’t slept much lately. With a good night’s rest, I’ll be fine tomorrow. He wiped the sweat away with his striped pajama sleeve, lay down and shut his eyes.
“Come.”
The voice was closer, much closer, as if his pillow spoke to him. He leapt out of bed, and stared at the pillow. No voices, no sounds, nothing. He leaned over, and glanced under the bed. Nothing but the safe and shadows.
As he straightened, the voice spoke again. He snapped back to the floor and peered beneath the bed frame. A whispered invitation into somewhere unknown. It radiated from the safe, Mr. Thomas finally realized—where else could it?
Under the luminescent light, he reached out and grabbed the cold steel of the safe, and pulled from its dwelling. He placed it onto his bed, twisted the knob left, right, left, and heard the metallic click of it unlocking. Cautiously, he opened the door… There was nothing unusual.
Still the voice issued from the inside, from the paper. He slid Johnny’s story out, unfolding it. As though a flashlight were being waved under the paper, purple and green lights shined through each letter. The words pulsated with the light; breathing, speaking in a strange form of Morse code. Multicolored hues streamed over Mr. Thomas’s terrified face.
His eyes widened, fingers became tingly and numb, and his legs were weak. He believed he may collapse any moment. No longer did he want the story; no longer did it have the importance and meaning as before. He was now horrified by it, and needed to get rid of it—destroy it.
His relationship with Johnny’s story was like his relationship with Jessica in high school. She had been everything he could want in a girlfriend, and after countless months of wooing her, she finally agreed to be his girlfriend. But after they were together, he quickly found he didn’t want her anymore. Lust became revolt. Everything she said and did frustrated him, and horror settled over him after a month that it may be this way forever. It still took him six months to end the relationship.
This time the situation was different; this time he had the drive to do away with it as soon as it was a problem. The light abruptly stopped, and a brilliant yellow blared from each ink letter.
The room filled with glorious light for a few moments, then like it was switched off, was gone. Its remnants remained, and Mr. Thomas could still clearly visualize each letter in the night. 
The ends of each word were twisted, turned, and swirled clockwise. They began to empty into the paper’s center, and what was left after those mind altering seconds was a black void. A voice—the voice that haunted him that night—echoed, “Come.”
Dumbfounded, hypnotized, lacking control of his person or sanity anymore, he wrenched his hand from the paper and shoved it into the hole. That was all that was needed for Them to grab onto and pull.
Before entirely through the threshold, he realized that this must’ve been how Johnny and his family disappeared. His parents must have become entranced by Johnny’s stories, read too much of his engrossing tales, and were pulled in, under. As for Johnny Carmickle… sometimes the creator becomes the creature. 
Despite his best efforts to remain in his room, in his house, They yanked him into the void, into the world Johnny created. 

A few weeks later, after dozens of missed phone calls and letters unanswered, Mr. Thomas’s sister entered his home, calling out for her brother.
Silence. 
She checked all the rooms downstairs, then went upstairs. She opened up the three doors along the hall, revealing an empty guest bedroom, bathroom, and the master bedroom.
A sheet of paper was upon the wooden floor, and on the bed, an open safe. She went and retrieved the paper, and sat by the safe.
Why is this out? she thought, beginning to read the horror-ridden world containing her older brother.
She wasn’t affected like Mr. Thomas was. Honestly, she found it deplorable and disgusting. Only a child could create such an immoral place. After finishing the story, she crumpled up the paper and shoved it into her jacket pocket. Now certain her brother wasn’t home, she stood, closed the safe and slid it back under the bed.
Now, she needed to reach out to his friends. Perhaps they knew where he ran off to. She walked down the stairs, through the entryway, and out the door. As she left the house, ensuring the door was locked, a fall breeze blew harshly against her face, and she swore she heard among the white noise a boy whispering: “Come.”


Beyond the Wall

I

“Do you still want to purchase the house, Mr. Mour?” The blonde-haired realtor, Samantha, asked. She sat at the redwood kitchen table, her arms resting near an open folder.
“Yes, I still do,” Wilson — Mr. Mour — replied, sitting across from her, shaking his leg.
“Even with,” she began to say, lowering her head and whispering, as if someone else lurked in the house, “the room?”
“Yes, even with the room,” Mr. Mour said, smiling. “I don't think it'll be a problem, really. It's just a room, even if someone has died there. Plus, it's blocked off by an entire wall, so it's not even like it's actually there.”
“Are you sure? I'm usually not this cautious with a sale, but a lot of people aren't happy with a place that housed a suicide.”
“Absolutely. Death is death, no matter where it's at. It's not like the person is still there or anything, right?” He chuckled, and she laughed a little.
“Okay, well then, Mr. Mour,” she rotated the folder, containing a housing contract, and slid it over, “please sign on the dotted line and you'll be the owner of this beautiful home.”
Quickly with a ballpoint pen, he did.

II

The housewarming party went off without a hitch. His parents and younger sisters, Susan and Jessica, came early to help set up, bringing heaps of food with them. The kitchen's granite top counters were filled with containers of desserts, hot dogs, hamburgers, and steaks. Bottles of soda pop, and an assortment of opened potato chip bags poked out among the pile. On the kitchen table sat a white and blue frosted cake, proclaiming in yellow frosting, “CONGRATS ON THE NEW HOUSE!”
As some friends stood around in the spacious living room and his sisters ventured around the house, Wilson leaned against the kitchen counter, talking to his father.
“Likin' the house so far, Will?” He said, taking a sip from a red plastic cup.
“Yes, so far. It's only been three months, but I don't think I'll have any complaints another three months from now.”
“So you think you'll be able to write here? It's a bit bigger than the room you wrote so much in.” He said, grinning behind his cup.
“Oh, I think it'll do. If worse comes to worse, I'll just dig a hole in the basement and write there.”
They both laughed, but it was cut short when Susan and Jessica ran in between them. Tyler, his friend from college, followed behind. They greeted each other with a handshake and hug, Tyler's long dirty blonde hair getting in Wilson’s nose. Tyler quickly suggested he should get the tour of the place. Wilson obliged.
As they walked down the corridor that lead from the kitchen to the foyer, Tyler's head didn't stay still for more than a few seconds. He looked at everything they passed. They rounded the corner, coming to the large, mahogany staircase that curved at the top to form an open corridor on the second story.
They moved up the stairwell, and as Tyler held onto the glossy banister, he started in on the questions.
“This musta' set you back a few bucks, eh Will?”
“Not as much as you would think.”
“Really now?”
Wilson continued to guide Tyler past the false wall on the left and down the open hallway on the right. They stopped at the first door. Tyler opened it, revealing the master bedroom, with its white carpet, high ceiling, and large window that overlooked the quaint backyard.
“This room is bigger than my apartment. Girls are gonna love this. Bring 'em back here, and BAM! They'll be all over you, I promise you.”
“Hopefully,” he said, rolling his eyes and smirking.
Moving on, they quickly looked at the bathroom, composed of mostly white marble. At the end of the way, stood Wilson's study. The room was much smaller than the master bedroom. Empty bookshelves lined the walls, from floor to ceiling, and an inlaid square window in the back wall, placed a bit too high to peer out. Sitting on the oriental carpet were several unopened boxes of books, and his typewriter.
“Haven't gotten around to unpacking those,” Wilson said. “It's just so much work shelving them all.”
“I know what you mean,” Tyler replied, as they left the room and began to go back downstairs. “I still have unopened boxes in my apartment.”
“Didn't you move in two years ago?”
“Yeah, so?”

Hours later, when the grandfather clock chimed midnight from the living room, Wilson’s father carried his two sleeping sisters out the front door, while his mother followed closely behind.
“Beautiful house, Willy,” Martha, his mother, said, stopping and turning to him. “You better take care of it. And find someone to share it with.”
“Okay, mom, I'm on it.” Wilson said before she pulled him in, her graying brunette hair felt scratchy on his face, and she smelled of potpourri. 
“If you need anything, just call. With your father working so much, and the girls with their friends, it'll give me something to do.” She whispered in his ear.
He had no plans to call his mother for anything beyond conversation. She was overworked as it was, but he said, “Of course, mom.”
With a kiss on the cheek, she was gone.
He shut the door, and started towards the kitchen, but when he glanced into the living room, he stopped. Tyler was passed out on the maroon couch. Wilson laughed as he shut off the lights in the living room, then made his way into the kitchen. There, he fit whatever he could into the fridge and sealed off anything open, then turned off the lights and retreated back to the entryway.
He moved up to the second story, switched off the lights and entered his room. With quick work of removing his clothes and getting into pajamas, he slunk into bed and drifted off.

III

When he walked into the kitchen the next morning, blades of light falling through the French doors that lead into the backyard, he found a note on the table.

Will,

Great party last night! Sorry I wasn't awake to finish the night off!

Got called into work, lame as hell, so had to fly.

Enjoy the new place! Fill it with as many girls as you can!

Yours truly,

Tyler

Folding the note, and shaking his head with a smile, he slid it into his dark blue robe pocket while he yanked open the fridge and began pulling out breakfast.

After unpacking a dozen or so books and shelving them, he glanced at the window to find it was pitch black outside. His wristwatch said it was after midnight. With a stretch and a yawn, he got to his feet and went into the bathroom.
There, he hastily showered, got into his pajamas, then went to bed. Wilson closed his eyes. The silent house lulled him to the brink of sleep, but a scratching sound, somewhere within the home, pulled him back into the world. 
Without opening his eyelids, he focused on the scratching. Was it a mouse? A rat? A cat outside? A raccoon trying to get into his trash? More possibilities ran through his drowsy mind until he concluded he didn’t care too much what it was, so he pushed it away from his thoughts, and tried to sleep.
Another sound echoed. It was the same, but louder, like claws scratching the floor.
“All right, fine, enough is enough,” he spat as he jumped out of bed. Wilson yanked the door open, stomped into the hallway and peered over the banister. The house was empty, the foyer was as he left it, and through the half-circle window embedded in the front door he could see nothing outside. He paced downstairs and surveyed the house, finding nothing. The doors and windows were still locked, the alarm hadn't been tripped, and, as far as he could tell, there weren't any scratch marks on either side of the windows or doors.
As he stood at the top of the stairwell, listening to the still house once more with his eyes closed, he heard the scratching again. But, when he opened his eyelids and turned to see where it came from, he was face-to-face with the scarlet colored wallpaper of the false wall.
Something was on the other side.

IV

Wilson hunched over the kitchen table early the next morning, with his hand on his forehead, and the other holding the phone up to his ear. The ringing was overwhelmingly loud in his ear. The sunlight coming in through the French doors burned his bloodshot eyes, so much so he kept them closed. It was the first time, since his teenage years, that he stayed up all night. 
“Sorry to call so early Samantha, I didn't think you'd be awake right now.”
“It's fine, I gave you my number for a reason. What's going on?” She said, her voice groggy.
“This might sound stupid, but are there windows in that blocked off room?”
She took a bit to reply. He could hear a coffee pot brewing in the background. “Uh. . . if I remember correctly, no, there isn't. I could double check the house’s blueprints, if you like.”
“Yes, please,” he snapped, but quickly caught himself and calmed down. “If you don't mind, that is. Really, it's not that important, but it would be helpful if you could.”
“Okay, I will. They're at the office, so, when I get in and get the time, I'll look through them and call you. That sound good?”
“Yes, yes, that's fine. Thank you. Have a good day.” Without waiting for a reply, he hung up the phone and set it down.
Laying his arms on the table, he placed his head down onto them and drifted off.

The sudden loud electronic ringing of the phone woke him. He jumped in his seat, snatched the phone from the table, and answered it.
“Mr. Mour?” Samantha asked. “Yes, hello, it's me again. Sorry for the delay, had some things to do. Anyway! According to the blueprints there aren't any windows in that room. Does that help?”
“Yes, yes it does, thank you. Sorry to trouble you again. Have a good day,” he said, then hung up.
It was nearing evening, the sky a blaze of orangish reds and yellows, filling the kitchen with warm hues. Staring idly at the refrigerator across the table, Wilson’s mind floored with ideas.
If there wasn't a window inside the room, then what was scratching the door? Perhaps a hole was unknowingly put into the wall from the outside, and an animal got in and clawed its way into the room? Or, more than likely, a mouse had found its way in through the ventilation system and was trapped.
Those were the two ideas forefront in his mind, except for the faint thought that maybe the suicidal man’s ghost haunted the place. The only way to verify what truly made those scratching noises, he concluded, was to physically check the room — which, Wilson had no intention of doing. Whatever dwelled there was to be left there. He refused to admit, even to himself, that he was terrified of what could possibly be beyond the wall. 
It conjured up memories of the so-called monster in his free-standing closet as a child. How horrified he found himself in the middle of the night laying in bed, anxiously waiting for the monster to make itself known.
It never did, which only added to his fear. He expected the monster to have long black arms, used to part the wall of t-shirts and jeans. It would peek out its hairy black head from the gloom, and glare at him with burning red orbs for eyes. Their eyes would lock from across the room, and Wilson’s body would become paralyzed with terror. Then it would move out from the closet, crawl across the floor, stretch and loom like a shadow over his bed with its long frame, and pounce. Quickly it would use its elongated black arms to rip Wilson out from under his blankets, and throw him into its enormous mouth, with millions and millions of shark-like teeth.
Though this never happened, he anticipated it every night as he stared with wide, sometimes teary, eyes at the open closet door. Eventually dawn would break, and as if the dull twilight protected him, he’d slink down from his bed, creep over to the closet door, close it, and place anything he could easily move in front of it.
Wilson eventually convinced his parents with his wild tales, to get rid of the closet. Which they did by selling it at a yard sale. After that, he slept well every night, and the monster became a thing of the past. However, when his parents brought up the subject of getting him a new closet, he would scream and refuse, images of the burning red eyes shrouded in darkness popping into his mind.
And to his mother’s dismay, his clothes remained wrinkled for years onward. 
When he blinked, he was back in the kitchen. He was sweaty, and his hands were clammy. Sighing and rubbing his eyes, he got up, made himself some coffee and a sandwich, then ate. Once finished, he moved into his study, where he spent the remainder of the day organizing and reorganizing his books.

V

It was nearing midnight when he left his study and, standing in the doorway, Wilson noticed something out of place down the hallway. There was an opening in the false wall, a gaping hole, smaller than his fist. He ran over to it. Kneeling, he peeked inside, but nothing beyond blackness could be made out. Not even the door that stood a few inches away. Perhaps the wall was double sided? If so, maybe a mouse got in between them and attempted, or successfully did, dig its way out of the wall?
“Yes, that's likely,” he muttered.
Wilson snapped up and surveyed the floor, but no mice, rats, or small critters could be found. He trudged down into the basement, then went back up to the hole with a bucket of wall adhesive, and a drywall knife. With quick work, the hole was plugged, and two minutes later, he was returning to his bedroom while his tools laid in the cellar once again.
He glanced at the wall, felt uneasy, then continued into his room, locking the door behind him.

As he left his room the following morning, his hair askew, stretching and yawning, he quickly noticed the adhesive on the wall was gone and the hole had grown. As if slapped, his drowsiness was gone, and he ran to the hole. Now, if he dared, he could fit his fist into it.
Not wanting to peer inside, his fear beginning to trickle down his spine, he sprinted down to the basement, got his tools, and went back up. There, with much more adhesive than required, he plugged the hole. Once finished, he set his things next to the wall and went about his routine, though the wall always remained on his mind but with quick checks throughout the day proved it hadn't changed.

When he returned home from the grocery and put everything away in the kitchen, he cheerily went upstairs, noticing the wall still intact. Being outside of the house put him in a good mood: a lady he happened to bump into at the store gave him her name and number, and all the food he wanted to buy was on sale. It was the best day of the month. Women and discounts! What could be better?
As he left the bathroom, he glanced at the false wall for the umpteenth time, not even thinking about the action, to find the entire wall from the middle down removed. A large, yawning hole was in its place. It appeared that something with long claws had torn it down. The shredded wallpaper dangled over the top, and white and scarlet specks of paint and debris splattered the floor. And his tools were gone, which he found most odd and terrifying.
Beyond the cavernous hole stood a second wall, it too, was torn apart. A graying oak door with a rust covered doorknob stood behind both walls. It had no hole. Almost immediately his mind put two and two together: something lived in the room and wanted out.
He sprinted to the phone downstairs, got the phone book out, found and dialed a construction crew. He shouted into the phone that he wanted them to come now! He didn't care how late it was, or that he didn't schedule an appointment. And, yes, he'd pay any amount to have them there! When they agreed to come, he slammed down the phone and collapsed into a kitchen chair.
Should I tell Samantha? He wondered.
No. Even if I tried to explain what happened, it would only cause more problems. No, no, no — I'll have the wall fixed, good as new, and better yet, have a third wall installed to match the second. It'll be stronger and sturdier than ever before.
But. . . what's tearing down the walls in the first place?

VI

The overwhelming smell of plaster and paint filled the entire house, but despite this, Wilson felt more at ease than ever before. Three walls separated him from whatever dwelled in the room. The barriers between it and him released the floodgates of his mind, and he was finally able to sit down and begin writing a new novel. He hadn't begun to write anything since he left his parents' home, let alone have the chance to think of anything new. But, like his mother always said, good things come in pairs.
In his study with the boxes of books pushed to the side, he sat on the carpet typing away on his typewriter. The metallic clicks of the keys echoed throughout the home, and the sound of the breeze against the pane behind him put him into what some writers called "the zone." By the time he called it a day, he was forced to remove his glasses and rub his eyes, trying to push the stinging away.
It was nearing evening, so with a quick step, he got up and went down into the kitchen to prepare and devour dinner. Afterwards, he retired to his bedroom where he drifted off to sleep.

As Wilson slowly walked out of his room the next morning, his eyes hazily drifted down the hallway, to find that not only had the first two walls had been destroyed, but the newly built third one as well. Down the center, as if torn out, yawned a vertical gaping hole. Beyond that, the drowsiness quickly leaving Wilson's body, was the door, closed, looming there as if it waited to be seen.
He simply stood, focusing on the door, unsure of what to do. While sweat began to trickle down the back of his neck, his brain worked fiercely to try to piece together what laid before him. It happened without a noise. It happened seemingly without the door being opened. And, somehow, all three walls were torn down the middle without any debris, or dust, or plaster getting on the floor.
“What the hell. . .”
As if shocked, he was jerked into motion, and ran downstairs to call the construction crew again. He demanded the walls be fixed, a fourth, and fifth be installed, and that a sheet of steel be placed in between all of them. He didn't care that it was Saturday morning, he'd pay extra! Under a grumble that masked more unpleasant words than Wilson ever heard said in a sentence, the construction worker agreed.

With the new walls and sheets of metal installed, it was obvious construction was done in the house. The wall protruded out into the top of the stairway enough that someone could trip and fall.
Despite the protrusion, he was calm, relaxed, feeling relief and safe again. A smile crept over his face, and he decided it was best to go into town and run some errands.

When he returned, drenched in sweat from the summer weather, the cool air inside his home feeling amazing on his skin, he trudged up to the bathroom. Once showered, he walked into the hallway and immediately stopped. The walls were torn down the middle, again, and so were the sheets of metal. Wilson’s mind reeled, and his eyes widened, but one thought remained forefront in his fear induced paralysis: he had to fix it himself. He couldn't afford to call the construction crew anymore.
Faced with the idea that he, alone, had to fight against whatever dwelled in the room, frightened him. Tears spilled from his eyes, sweat covered his body, and his hands trembled. Wilson wanted to scream, he didn’t want to be forced to do it, he wanted to weep like a child being dragged to the dentist’s office. He'd do anything, anything else! to not have to face that god forsaken room.
But there was no one else to deal with it, no one else to fix the problem. He was the only one, and so, it had to be him. Doing something that felt more adult-like than anything else before, he faced the problem and took a heavy step forward, then another. When he stood only a few feet away from the yawning opening, he pushed himself against the wooden banister, trying his damndest to put as much distance between the hole and himself. Cautiously, he inched to the stairwell. When he reached the top landing, he ran down the stairs and out of the house. 
Wilson needed supplies, and a lot of them

VII

The following two weeks became a battle between the Monster — he now called it — and Wilson. He spent sleepless nights, and fruitless days, putting up walls, to only have them torn down when he wasn't staring at them. He would put up two, both would crumble; he would put five, they all would be ripped to shreds in seconds.
It became maddening. He no longer cared what lived in the room, all Wilson cared about now was for it to be destroyed. Through his tedious and exhausting tribulations he realized it simply wouldn't stop — perhaps it couldn't? — no matter how much he tried. 
By the end of the week, he had moved everything from the upstairs that he could carry into the living room and sealed off the entire second story. Standing in the foyer, he looked to the top of the stairwell where a large, white, crudely-built wall stood. It stretched all the way across the banister and blocked off the second floor.

His mother surprised him by stopping by the following day to see how he was doing. Reluctant to let her in, he tried to keep her outside, suggesting they go walk around downtown. But she was more stubborn than he and pushed herself into the house. She immediately noticed the ugly wall that blocked off the second level of the house.
“What's that?” she asked.
“Oh, that? It's just—” he mumbled something, sweat forming in his shirt. Then had an idea. “Just construction. Yes, construction. The entire second floor needed remodeling, apparently. The agent who sold me the house said it had be done within the first few months of purchase, something to do with the pipes in the bathroom that run underneath the floor. Anyway, I don't really understand it all, but it is what it is.” He finished with a small chuckle and grin.
She still stared at the looming white wall then looked to her son. He grinned at her, adjusting his glass.
“Well, if that's what you have to do, I guess you have to do it. Wish you would've just bought a house with no problems,” she said, sighing. 
“It's ugly as sin, though,” Martha whispered to herself, as she walked to the kitchen.
After a few slow hours, his mother finally left, and he stood alone in the entryway. The white wall seemed to be watching him from the top of the stairs, making him feel uneasy. He quickly moved into the living room, where he made himself as comfortable as possible on the couch and fell asleep.
A scraping and loud thunk jolted him out from his slumber. He leaped to his feet and ran out into the entryway. A chunk of the wall he had put up laid at the foot of the stairwell. When he looked up to the wall, a shadow blurred behind the cavernous opening. As if he were sucker punched in the gut, a burning pain shot up from his stomach, and his breath became labored. He stumbled forward, gripping the banister for support. His legs slowly grew numb, his hands trembled, and his eyes began to swell with tears. Wilson kept his head down, terrified, to look up again and see the shadow, for he knew what it truly was. . .
It was the monster from his childhood closet. Somehow, someway, it had followed him all these years! He couldn't explain it, or even begin to understand it, but he knew the thing that once lived in his closet nearly twenty years ago now dwelled inside the sealed off room. It waited all these years, lurking in the darkness, for him to arrive, to finish what it started.
There was no more morning twilight to protect him, or his things to block the door, or even his mother to get rid of its domain. Now, it moved freely, night or day, and stalked the second story of the house. Soon, Wilson knew deep down, it would not stop there, no, soon it would take over the entire home. What then would he do?
Wilson’s thoughts raced, and his sanity began to crumble under the weight of his fear. He tried to make sense of it: maybe the thing wasn’t his monster? Though it wouldn’t change his present situation, it would relieve him of his childhood terror. But no matter how many options, or theories, he conjured up, he knew, deep down underneath his flesh, in his very bones, that without a doubt it was the monster from his past.
It became too much to handle, too much to grip and hold, like the banister that escaped him. The world blurred and whirled around him. He spun, unable to keep balance, and his eyes rolled back into his skull. At last the remaining strength in his legs gave, and Wilson crashed onto the floor. Gradually the room faded away into a foggy darkness.

VIII

The entryway hazily came back, and the memories of what transpired hit him like a truck. Wilson’s eyes jolted open, and he quickly stumbled to his feet, nearly falling due to the dissipating numbness in his legs and faced the wall. The hole was still there, but the shadow was not. 
Did it escape? he wondered. Did it manage to make its way out of the room? Did it now lurk in any part of the house, to attack and mangle him at any moment? He searched the living room, then the kitchen, but nothing was out of the ordinary.
Wilson came to the decision of what must be done. That was to nearly block off the entire house. He needed to be safe and moving somewhere else wasn't an option — he was skirting by as it was, there was no feasible way to afford buying or renting a new home.
With what little supplies he had left in the cellar, he began putting walls and barricades up. He took all the furniture from the kitchen and living room, save for the couch, and blocked off the stairwell. He quickly removed all canned goods and things that wouldn't rot from the pantry, put them in the living room, and then blocked the hallway into the kitchen.
The living room and enough space in the entryway to get to the front door was the only open space left in the whole house. Inside the living room, what Wilson felt to be his sanctuary, he pushed the couch in front of him, its back to the doorway, and crouched behind it, staring at the opening. Sweat beaded his forehead, and in the mess of building and moving things, his glasses had been cracked, skewing his vision.
But nothing happened. Not a single thing moved or budged or made a sound. Silence swelled in the house, and the still, humid air made him wish he put the A.C. on prior to blocking off the kitchen. He sat there for hours, peeking out over the couch. Then, like a hammer to glass, the phone rang, shattering the silence. It rang and rang and rang, then abruptly stopped.
Who could have called him? he wondered. Probably his mother.
Eventually, he didn't know exactly when, he drifted off. 
As soon as he woke and realized it was night, Wilson quickly leaped over the sofa and threw on the overhead lights. Retreating behind the couch, he stared with burning bloodshot eyes into the darkness. The anticipation made his heart race, and his head throb. His bladder felt like it was going to burst.
There was a knocking at the front door. His eyes jumped to the partial silhouette of the door to his right. He whispered to whoever to go away, afraid to speak any louder. But the knocking continued and continued, then suddenly stopped. Thinking the stranger left, he sighed, but then he heard the knob turn and click open. He forgot to lock the door!
“Hey, Will!” Tyler shouted. “You here? You didn't pick up your phone, so I figured I'd just stop on by! Why aren't your lights on, man?”
Quickly, he shouted, “Get in here now! Get out of the foyer! It's not safe!”
“What do you mean it's not safe?” Tyler asked as he walked towards the living room, weaving passed objects poking out from the self-made barricades.
“It's not safe! Get in here! I'll explain!”
“Okay, oka—”
Tyler’s words abruptly stopped, and a piercing scream exploded through the house.	
“No!” Wilson shouted, tears erupting from his eyes. He fought the urge to jump over the couch and run to his friend, but in the back of his mind he knew it wouldn’t do any good.
Tyler’s blood curdling screams continued as Wilson heard Tyler’s body crash to the floor, like a sack of potatoes being dropped. Second by second, his screams became lower and lower, until they ceased altogether. As if palpable, the stillness of the home pressed down upon Wilson’s sanity.
A sudden loud thunk broke the silence. Repeatedly, the noise rang through the air. Wilson knew what it was almost immediately: it was his beloved friend being dragged up the stairwell, the back of his head hitting against the steps. Wilson's sobs were uncontrollable, and each time he heard the sound, he winced as if slapped.

IX

The monster had taken his home, his friend, and slowly his sanity. It was his home, it was his mind, and it was his closet. He felt everything slipping away from him. Because of what? Some monster lurking in the shadows! Thoughts swirled in his mind and rage swelled inside him. What was the monster going to take next? His family? The next house he lives in? Or the next?
He grew tired, so very tired, of being afraid and running. His life couldn’t continue this way. Wilson refused to be afraid any longer. He had to fight, but how to do so escaped him. 
He pondered for some time, until a brilliant idea formed among the sea of thoughts.
He scrambled up and over the couch. In a full-on sprint, he charged through the entryway, threw open the front door, and ran to his car.

He returned to his home, and quickly poured gasoline in a line from the living room, through the entryway, and to the open front door. Along the way he splashed it on the makeshift walls and barriers he created. Lastly, he poured a puddle before him, and with his other hand, carefully lit a lighter. After tossing the nearly empty canister into the house, he bent down and lit the small puddle. It burst into flames and the line of gasoline came to life with fire. 
Wilson took a few steps back when the entryway became engulfed in flames. He could smell everything he cherished burning, mingled with the pungent gasoline, but none of it mattered anymore. The only thing that mattered to him was that the monster was going to die.
Nearly thirty minutes later, fire billowed out of the windows upstairs, and licks of flames slapped the outside from the front door. Wilson had moved to the sidewalk near his once beloved house while groups of people from the neighborhood stood across the street, gawking and staring. Patiently he watched and waited for the monster to show itself.
In a flash of black against the reds and yellows, it ejected out the front door. The monster stood nearly nine feet tall with gangly arms and legs, a canine-like snout, and long black claws for hands and feet. It sprinted aimlessly around the lawn, tufts of burning black hair sticking to its oily skin as streaks of fire chased its body. 
The monster appeared to have no sense of direction outside; it simply ran in circles until the flames overwhelmed it, forcing it to collapse onto the ground. The onlookers gasped, and some whispered, "what the hell is that?" 
To Wilson, it looked like a large heap of burning hair.
	
The firemen arrived, fought the fire, and won. When asked, Wilson said the dead thing on his lawn was his pet dog, and he planned to bury it himself. The firemen didn’t ask any more questions, nor did the policemen who came to question him about the house, but simply provided Wilson with a white sheet to cover his so-called deceased pet.
Once everyone had left Wilson stood over the monster’s face-down body. Evening was setting in; the sky was a purplish dark blue and blades of dull sunlight fell on Wilson’s front yard. He yanked the sheet off the monster and kicked it over onto its back.
Focusing on its head, he noticed it possessed no eyes but blackened fleshy sockets. Most of its shaggy black hair had been singed or completely burnt off, and its skin was nothing more than coagulated blood and small gaping holes, revealing charred sinewy muscle. 
He wanted to look, really look, at what had haunted him for so many years, so Wilson knelt near the monster. He studied its the claws on its feet, its patchy black bloody legs, its burnt torso, and lastly its canine-like head. Wilson leaned forward, to spit on its face, but before he could, the monster wrapped its claw around his ankle.
When Wilson looked down to his ankle, its other arm shot up and coiled around his body. He screamed; it was all he could do. He pleaded and screamed for it to stop, to let him go, for anyone out there to help him. But his screams were futile, for the creature couldn’t understand the words that left the man’s mouth. And those who had lived nearby simply ignored him, believing the noises they heard were just the wind. The monster’s jaw stretched open, making the sounds of bones popping and breaking, revealing blackened gums lined with rows upon rows of jagged razor-sharp teeth.
Wilson struggled to escape, but the monster’s strength overwhelmed him. The last sight Wilson had before the creature devoured him was its crimson eyes swirl up out of its flesh sockets and glow a deep red.














The Planet, In'pher

I

I smiled when I read Grant’s message. It was nice to see him excited by something again that wasn’t what book he was currently reading, or what factoid he learned on the Internet, or what animal he saw in his front lawn that day. From the way he spoke, I knew whatever it was gave him something we both lost growing up—that sense of adventure.

Hello Jim,

I did it. I left the house. Ha! First time in a long time! Anyway, I went to that yard sale down the block. It was nice, being outside and around people for once, but it was hot—very hot.

I set up shop pretty early and ended up not selling squat, which is okay because I wanted to keep my stuff anyways. I did feel bad for my books, though. They sat out in the sun for hours. Luckily they’re not valuable.

I’ll skip to the good part, don’t want to bore you too much. After the yard sale ended, I packed up and walked around the other sellers’ tables to see if I could find anything worth buying. Well, Jim, I did.

It’s a statue, kind of like an obelisk. It’s about ten inches tall, definitely not even a foot, and is crafted from some type of black material—maybe obsidian or onyx? Not quite sure.

I know what you’re thinking: “Well, Grant, what the hell is it?” Calm down, I’ll tell you. It’s some type of turtle from the Jurassic era. But, I think it’s ancient, like before dinosaurs and all that. I don’t have any proof, but I have a strong, gut feeling, but I’ll do some research here soon.

What I do know is that it has four thick, scaly legs, two of which are used for standing, like humans, and the other two are out at his side—like standing military style. At the end each limb are four talons. Its front and rear are encased in a gray shell, like a normal turtle, but spikes run down the shell’s back in a line. Between the spikes and shell are tufts of reddish brown hair, and it feels real too.

The craftsmanship’s amazing. The more I look at it, I find even more details; like there’s more hair poking out between the shell and its legs and behind its shoulders. Super cool… Anyway, its head is like humans, too, looking straight ahead. It has two eyes made from some sort of sleek, shiny stone blacker than the rest of the statue. A horizontal slit across its snout is its mouth… Kinda looks like it could be opened. Between its eyes is a fin that stretches over its head down to the shell in the back.

Oh! And almost forgot, its entire body—head to toe—is covered in large scales.

But that about sums it up. It’s sitting on my bookshelf, its gaze locked on me from across the room. I’ll have to inspect it a bit more tomorrow. Welp! It’s getting late; gotta get my beauty sleep, g’night

From,
Grant


II

And just like that, we had something new to talk about. I hadn’t seen him this happy since Stacey left him a year ago and he moved out of town. But, deep down, I was worried. I’ve seen it happen before. When he gets on a new kick, that’s all there is for him. In high school it was a girl named Miranda; in college it was his school work; now it was this statue.
I didn’t let my concern overwhelm me, and I let him have his fun. I didn’t want to be a downer, even if it bit him in the ass later on.
The following day, after my wife had fallen asleep, I checked my inbox, and lo’ and behold an unread email from Grant was there.

Jimbo,

Hey again, I got more news about that statue. When I woke up today, it changed. I don’t know how, or why, or maybe I’m going crazy, but I’m absolutely sure it changed.

Where the spikes were on its back, there is more hair coming out from between them and the shell. And! The front of the shell, near its chest, is more rounded, as if something is swelling inside it, like a cyst. I don’t know what it could be—maybe bugs got in there? Also, the mouth. It definitely moved, no longer a flat line, the ends turned up, like it’s smiling.

I searched online for any information about the statue, but nothing popped up. Weird, right? Usually everything is on the web.

And, before I forget, I had some weird dream last night about the statue. Crazy real, vivid, too, and—it’s getting late, and I know you’re about to hit the hay, so go on, go to sleep. No bedtime story for you tonight. Maybe tomorrow, if you’ve been a good boy.

From,
Grant

It was odd of him to tell me about the statue changing, but not his dreams. Typically Grant would go for hours about dreams, even more so with the dirty ones…
Another strange thing was the excuse he used, worrying about my sleep. In the past he’d send an email at any given time, day or night, whether it’s three in the afternoon or three at night. It was like he was awake twenty-four-seven. Hell, I remember when he sent a few during my wedding night! 
Pushing my concerns aside, I replied with questions about his dream and the statue. I also asked about his plans for the upcoming weekend. After it was sent, I closed the laptop, and joined my wife in bed.

III

A week later, I received a new email. I didn’t think much of it, Grant lost track of time a lot. Sometimes, I wouldn’t get anything back for a few weeks. Like before he moved, I casually asked what he planned to wear to my wedding. He didn’t respond until a month later. It was fine since the wedding wasn’t close, but I asked where the hell he’d been for the last month. His answer: “Busy trailing the skies with boyhood dreams.”
He used these nonsensical answers to avoid things he didn’t want to talk about. His own, strange self-defense mechanism. It was better to just let it go than question him further.

Jimmy-boy,

Sorry for responding so late. I’ve been busy scouring the underground labyrinth, lighting my way with good intentions.

Anyway, the statue had changed—is changing—no questions about it. It seems to happen every night, and, maybe by coincidence or my subconscious, my dreams get crazier and feel really real.

The statue now is on all fours, no longer standing, and its claws dig into the block of stone it’s placed on. I’m not dreaming this Jim, because right now, looking at it, it’s exactly how I described it.

Its head is pointing forward and its mouth is open, revealing hundreds of tiny teeth, like a shark’s but multiplied by a thousand. The fin on top of its head has a slit down its middle, and seems like it might open—to reveal what I don’t know.

There are many more spikes on its back, and are a lot bigger and sharper than before. The backside of the shell has moved and covers parts of its legs and neck. The front side has a crack down the center, across the swelling.

That about sums it up. Before, about the dreams, the real reason I didn’t want to tell you about them is because they’re frightening, like ridiculously scary. There are so many of them. I’m plagued by a dozen different ones every day. Speaking about them makes feel like I’m reliving them… Maybe I should go see a doctor?

From,
Grant

A chill ran down my spine, and my hands became clammy. I knew how Grant got without sleep, those younger years staying up all weekend watching movies, playing games, causing havoc for our parents. He was sporadic and ridiculous the more time he went without it. From the look of it, the nightmares were beginning to take a toll on him, too.
The transforming statue, I believed, fueled his insomnia and his wild imagination. I purposely omitted the statue when I responded. I asked him: How was he doing? How was work? What plans did he have for his favorite holiday, Halloween? And, at the end of the email, I suggested he should go to a doctor about his sleeping problems. I sighed after it was sent, and wondered if a normal conversation would help him as much as I hoped it would.
Unfortunately, at the time, I didn’t know that was the last message I would receive from Grant until early November, two months later.

IV

I’m not concerned when he doesn’t get back to me for weeks, or months, like in the past, but with his insomnia, nightmares, and imagination running wild, I was worried, scared even.
Since my last email, I sent nearly twenty emails, called his home a dozen times, and even tried to get ahold of him through his parents. But, I came out the same way I came in, empty handed.
He was a shut-in, a better one since he moved. He had a knack for avoiding people and situations, especially ones that he thought were annoying… Like a worried friend or his nagging parents.
To my relief, in the evening, he finally got back to me. 

Jim,

Sorry it’s been awhile since my last email. I’ve been busy.

The statue spoke to me. It spoke to me Jim, in my sleeping mind. It told me things that were beyond my comprehension, but inexplicably I understood. It promised me things that no human could ever promise and deliver.

Vast fields filled with lush colors. Riches beyond my wildest dreams. To know things that no one knows, have known, or ever will know. To travel space and time in a blink of an eye to the outskirts of the universe, to be among a species that no one on Earth even knows exists.

But like all great things, they come with a price. Uydian promises great rewards for those who promise to follow him unquestionably.

I will be leaving soon, Jim.

Grant

A cold sweat covered me, and I couldn’t help but gnaw on my lower lip and fidget with my fingers when I finished reading. My friend was losing his mind...
Without a second thought, I jumped up from the chair and ran upstairs to the bedroom. Rachael was laying in bed, and in a mess of frenzied, frantic words, I told her I was going to see Grant, and it was an emergency.
While I threw clothes into a suitcase, she got up and came over to me. She placed her hand onto my shoulder and told me to go and be with him, but to make sure to call when I got there.
I kissed her, told her I loved her, closed and grabbed the suitcase, then rushed downstairs to the car in the garage.

V

I drove all night and pulled into Grant’s driveway in the morning. His lawn was knee-high and unkempt, and the windows of his house were opaque in grime. I killed the car, jumped out, and ran across the stone walkway to the front door.
After receiving no answer to my knocking or shouting, I tried the doorknob, and, surprisingly, it was unlocked. Gently, I opened the door. The sun pouring into the house through the open doorway, illuminating dust motes, my body casting a long shadow across the hardwood.
Beyond the sun, it was pitch black. Along the hall were piles of trash, empty cardboard boxes, and God knew what else. The stairwell to the left was congested with more garbage. The white tiled ceiling was yellowed, and some of the corners were overtaken by greenish blue mold.
There was a faint white light down the hall, and I slowly stared down the hall. Every step I checked my feet to ensure I didn’t trip on any trash bags or slip on one of the many scurrying mice. I whispered for Grant when I got to the doorway. Now in the living room, I found that the light came from the static on the television.
My whisper became a scream. “Grant!” I shouted, “Grant! You here?” And again, I was met by silence. Moving my hand along the wall, I searched and found the light switch. Flipping it on, the fluorescents overhead blared, revealing Grant sunk into a recliner in the middle of the floor, staring at me.
Black bags hung from his bloodshot eyes, grease coated his matted hair. His paleness reminded me of egg whites, and his cheeks were sunken. A matching layer of grease coated his beard.
He kept staring until I went to him, knelt, and asked what happened.
He put his hand over mine. “Jim, you didn’t have to come. Soon, very soon, I’ll be gone. Transported to the outskirts of the universe where I will spend the rest of my life on In’pher. A planet, where the Tor live.
“There, I will be able to ascend beyond humanhood and obtain knowledge that no creature on this planet has ever learned, or ever will learn…”
Every word spoken seemed like an exercise for him. He raised his frail arm and placed his cold hand onto my cheek. His flabby flesh drooped from his bones. He looked at me with vacant brown eyes, and smiled.
Strangely, he seemed happy and peaceful, like everything was going the way he intended, despite losing his mind and life.
Standing, I went into the kitchen, took out my cell phone, and dialed 9-1-1. When they said an ambulance was on its way, I hung up, called my wife, and gave her a brief update of what was going on. By the time I got off the phone and walked out into the living room, there were two EMTs coming down the hallway with their equipment.
Grant’s head snapped from me to the EMTs, then back again. Tears swelled over his narrowed eyes. He gritted his teeth, and screamed.
“How could you do this Jim? I’m leaving for In’pher tomorrow! Uydian will not be pleased with this Jim!” He heaved himself to his feet, and lunged towards me with a dirty, steak knife.
Before the blade reached me, the EMTs rushed him from behind, tackling him to the ground. They pinned his arms to his back. Through all of this, Grant never stopped screaming: “How dare you Jim! You were my friend! Why don’t you want me to be happy? Huh? They’re waiting Jim! You’re making the Tor wait!”
My stomach churned, and guilt, shame, swelled inside me. I tried to hold back the tears trickling down my face. Grant was my best friend, but clearly needed professional help.
Despite the two men pinning him down, he continued to writhe and flail in their grasp. His wrists become reddened from the friction. Gladly it came to end when one of the men asked if he was allergic to anything. I shrugged and said I don’t know. The EMT removed a syringe from the bag hanging from his waist, popped off the cap, and plunged it into Grant’s arm. The clear liquid was injected into him, and it only took moments before Grant fell unconscious.
After that, I watched them lift Grant onto a gurney and into the back of the ambulance. I followed them in my car to the hospital.

VI

We were placed in an empty room at the hospital, and instructed to wait for a doctor. I sat in silence, glancing at Grant periodically to check if he had woken yet. After what felt like an eternity, a bald and clean-shaven man wearing a white coat came in, introducing himself as Dr. Moore.
Sitting next to me on a swiveling stool, he asked me what had happened. I told him the basics: gave him Grant’s name, a brief history of Grant for the last six months, and what happened that day.
With a voice younger than his age, Dr. Moore said, “Going off what you said alone, I can safely say he’s quite sick. I was told by the EMTs that he had to be put asleep? And, that he was screaming about…” he looked down to his clipboard, “a planet called In’pher? And that… someone named Uydian would be upset?”
“Yes, that’s right. Last night he sent me an email about a planet named In’pher, which, apparently, is on the outskirts of the universe. On this planet, I guess, there’s a species, or maybe a race, called the Tor, who live there. And, Uydian, I’m assuming is their god, or leader, or something. Honestly, I don’t know, I didn’t have time to get the details.
“All this really started happening when he got this statue at a yard sale a few months ago.”
“A statue? What does it look like? And why do you think it was the cause of all this?”
“What does it matter what it looks like? Okay, fine. Originally it was like a standing turtle, but with hair and spikes, then he said it started to change every night, and eventually it was on four legs, had much more hair, and sharper spikes and claws. He also said it gave him nightmares, so he seldom slept. But he seemed to be happy, excited even, about the whole thing. What were the nightmares about? I have no idea. He never told me.”
I sighed, continuing. “Eventually we stopped talking for months after he told me the statue changed. Then, last night, he sent an email about the planet and, a day later, we’re here.”
“Interesting…” Dr. Moore rubbed his forehead. “Do you know where the statue is now? No? Okay, well… it might be important to your friend’s health. It’s possible the statue has some chemical on it that caused this. Or, perhaps, it’s made out of a material that could cause this. Can you see if you can find it? Thank you.
“Anyway, for now, your friend will stay here, and when he’s ready, he’ll need medical care, and a psychiatric assessment. You can stay here, if you like, and wait for him to wake up, but he’ll be out for quite some time. He’s very malnourished and the medicine the EMTs gave him really did a number on him.”
Looking at Grant then the doctor, I said, “Well, if he’s just sleeping, I guess I should go back to his house and see if I can find the statue, or anything that could help. Or, hell, at least something that’ll help me understand the situation better.
“You’ll call me when he wakes, or anything happens, right?”
“Correct.”
“Okay, thank you Dr. Moore. Make absolutely sure you call me if anything happens with him. If he so much as coughs wrong, you get a hold of me.”
“Will do Mr… Ah, yes. Mr. Mabry, will do.”


VII

At Grant’s living room, I sifted through the trash in the corners, through the heaps of junk in front of the television, and the piles of papers and candy wrappers on top of his computer desk. Eventually, after removing nearly everything from his desk, I found four heavily used notebooks.
Each one had dozens of dated entries, like a journal, but all the entries were about his dreams, Uydian, and In’pher—none of them spoke about his real life.
They seemed to go in order, from top to bottom. The first three notebooks didn’t have anything of value, mostly ramblings about the statue and Uydian, so I tossed them aside. But the fourth did have something of value. Its first entry was dated May 9th, and it seemed that’s when Grant started acting strange.
Each page was filled with words, front and back. But, time was short, so I skipped to the last entry.

November 1, 2003

Uydain has spoken to me, in my dreams. In the beginning the dreams were a place that no human ever could understand or want to see, somewhere only the mad would enjoy. A hellish place that haunts me every moment of my life, waking or not… But, through Uydian, everything’s been cleared, and I now understand the place of my dreams— In’pher.

In’pher, a planet that lies on the edge of the universe, is where the Tor live. Uydian says that the Tor is a type of species who have ascended beyond humanhood, evolving to the highest peak that any creature could ever attain. He says, eons ago, some were human too, and through him, they became Tor.

Their knowledge is limitless, and they still evolve to this day.

For me to ascend, to join the Tor, and start my journey into godhood, Uydian asked me to bring the statue to a certain location in the city. At this location, there’s a person, he said, that is a part of the High Order, who oversees Arkaisk, the group of worshippers who have followed him since the beginning of time.

With the statue he will grant me the ability to move beyond our atmosphere and space to In’pher, and there, I will start my ascension.

Although I’ve been strictly told not to, I’ve told my best friend, Jim, of Uydian, today. He is smart but not smart enough to understand the greatness of him. I purposely left out In’pher and the Tor, just in case he might try to steal them away from me.

I stumbled back, reeling, my fingers going numb, the notebook falling from my grip. The world spun. My stomach became hot and knotted, and tears swelled. All the strength left my legs, and I collapsed into Grant’s computer chair.
Sinking my face into my hands, I tried to regain composure, attempting to make sense of it all. My lifelong friend was losing his mind, and there wasn’t anything I could do to stop it. But, I needed to be there for him; to help him, to rescue him. Sitting and crying wasn’t going to help anyone.
Wiping away the tears and deeply inhaling, I scanned the room for anything that may help. Shelves crammed with magazines and books lined the walls, and his computer desk was basically another trash can. The TV was filled with white static, and the dresser beneath likely held more garbage.
“It’s hopeless…” I muttered.
An idea suddenly hit me. “The statue!” I shouted as I raised from the chair. “I can’t believe I forgot!”
As if I had leapt from one end of the room to the other, I was in front of one of the bookshelves and began emptying it. If everything in Grant’s journal was true then he would’ve hidden the statue somewhere. In less than an hour, every book from each row was in a pile on the floor or stacked on the recliner. Hidden behind one of the last remaining books—his childhood favorite, The Legacy Wars—stood the statue.

VIII

It was exactly like Grant described: on all fours, hairy, spikes, claws, sharp teeth, and so on. I held the statue up, muttering, “This is Uydian.”
At Grant’s desk, I slammed down the statue, and switched on his computer. As it started, I continued talking to myself: “If everything he said was true, he would’ve documented the change of the statue.”
Moving through his electronic files, bypassing work folders and a folder named ‘If you’re not me, this isn’t inappropriate,’ I found a folder named ‘In’pher.’
Double clicking into it, a dozen or so pictures popped up on the screen. It was clear what he said was true. The first photo showed it standing erect, arms at its side, spikes, claws, little hair, and closed mouth. I skipped to the last photo, and it looked exactly like it did in front of me.
“What the hell…”
What do I do with this information? If what he said was true, then somehow everything else he spoke about was true as well—no matter how ridiculous it sounded. I picked up the notebook off the floor, and rescanned the last page.
“This person… The person he’s supposed to meet. He might have answers. But, it doesn’t say who or where he is, or when they were supposed to meet.”
I opened Grant’s inbox on the computer and sifted through his emails. I found one sent from an ‘Anthony G.’ Although we didn’t speak as much as we used to, I still knew all his friends, or at least their first names, and he knew all mine, too. Anthony G was not among them. He had to be the person he was meant to meet. I clicked the email.

Oct. 31, 2003
To: thatguygrant
From: anthonyG

So when are you planning to meet me? You know he grows tiresome when kept waiting.

To: anthonyG
From: thatguygrant

Soon, very soon. Tell him I’m sorry, but things have come up and I can’t leave right away. I think maybe I might be stopped before I can leave, so within a few days, I’ll come.

To: thatguygrant
From: anthonyG

Stopped? By who? No one should know anything, except you, me, and him.

To: anthongG
From: thatguygrant

Ah… no one, don’t worry about it. I’ll leave in two days, meet me at that shop in town, you know the one. From there you can take me wherever, then as promised by him, I will ascend.

To: thatguygrant
From: anthonyG

Yes, yes. That’s fine, he will be pleased. Two days, at the shop, we will meet.

Then the conversation ended. If my math was right, Grant was to meet Anthony that day. Thankfully I got to Grant before Anthony—or he—did.
As I searched his inbox, the PC’s speakers buzzed. A box appeared at the bottom of the screen, reading: 1 New Email. Click Here To View.
I clicked on the message, and an email opened.

Nov. 2, 2003
To: thatguygrant
From: anthonyG

Where are you? I’ve been waiting at the shop for two hours and there has been no sign of you! If you can’t make it, let me know. But be aware he will be displeased with you!

As fast as my fingers would move, I typed a response. Anthony was the key I was looking for, someone with answers, someone that could help me save Grant.

To: anthonyG
From: thatguygrant

Sorry, forgot the address. Do you have it?

A few seconds went by, then he answered.

To: thatguygrant
From: anthonyG

You know I can’t give that out. But the place is near the center of town. It sells warm beverages that sometimes go with sugar.

His hints were obvious, there’s only one place he could be talking about. The National Roast, the only coffee shop in town. I rushed to the kitchen, statue in hand, and grabbed a plastic back from out under the sink. As I wrapped the statue, my cell went off.
“Hello, Mr. Mabry, it’s Dr. Moore. Wanted to let you know Grant is doing fine, but he hasn’t woken up yet. We moved him to another room. It’s on the third level, 34H is the room number. Yes, that’s all, you’re welcome, goodbye.”
Hanging up and sliding the phone into my pocket, I finished wrapping. Then, I ran to my car.

IX

Walking into the coffee shop, I saw an older man sitting at a table near the window, stirring his coffee. He wore a black suit, a red tie, and had black slicked back hair. He looked more like a funeral director than a cosmic middleman. Hell, I didn’t even know if it was Anthony or not, but I took a guess.
He caught sight of me when I walked towards the table but, before he could stand, I sat in the chair across from him, gripping his arm. His eyes widened, staring at my face.
“I want to know everything about this.” I set the statue onto the table, holding it with my other hand. “And, everything about In’pher, the Tor, Uydian, and any other crazy bullshit.”
“I knew he lied when he said he didn’t tell anyone,” he spat, voice raspy. “What has he told you?”
I told him what Grant told me: In’pher, Uydian, the Tor, the ascending.
“Well, what he said is correct, and just about all I know as well. I’m just a man that helps with the ascension, not the one who does it. Now, please, let go of me, and hand over the statue. You don’t need it, or me.”
My hand tightened around the statue. “Why is this thing so important?” I almost shouted. “Why is it needed to ascend? It was bought at a yard sale for next-to-nothing. How is this apparently so damn powerful?”
His gaze moved from the statue to me. “I can’t reveal everything, but I can tell you some things,” he began. “It’s the key that unlocks the ascension, like the key you use to unlock your door. But unlike your key, there’s only one statue, and it cannot be duplicated. It’s passed from one person to the next, once the ascension has taken place.”
He sipped his coffee. “It doesn’t matter how it’s passed on, as long as it is. Either at a yard sale, or at an auction, or simply found in the trash. How it gets from one to another is not important. It’s that it does is what’s important.”

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, and he could tell, as my face flushed. What I held was a key to becoming a god, to evolve like the amphibians in the past, to take the next step in the evolutionary chain.
That and several other insane thoughts raced inside my head. I could feel my mind inching towards the madness of believing it all. The planet, the god, the species, Anthony’s crazy talk, Grant’s crazy talk, everything. The statue was more important than anything or anyone else. It was something to use, to unlock, to break free from the chains of humanity.
I couldn't look away from the statue. The coffee shop and Anthony stretched miles away, leaving me in a dark room, the statue and I. But I felt, knew, there was a presence in that abyss. It was enormous, and its vision was set on me. Faint words gibbered, speaking of how to use the statue, how to become a god—to cast everything about the world I knew away, and accomplish something only a handful of humans ever have, or ever will.
An image of Grant formed at my side, lying in a hospital bed: frail, pale, barely able to move or breathe. I could hear his EKG machine, the bleeping slowing…
All because of the statue. The damn thing that started all the bullshit and put my best friend in the hospital!
The dark room melted away, the voice dissipated, and the coffee shop swam back into view. Anthony was still across the table, sipping his coffee.
I shoved the statue across the table.
“Here, take it. I don’t believe in any of this. It’s just a statue someone didn’t want, so they got rid of it, nothing more.”
Releasing his arm, I pushed myself to my feet and walked to the exit. My eyes stung, and I could smell I needed a shower. Before I could get outside, Anthony said slyly, “You may not believe it, but Grant certainly does. You best say your goodbyes now, because soon you won’t have the chance to.”

X 

Although I didn’t believe what Anthony said, I felt that Grant was in immediate danger. I sprinted to my car and floored it to the hospital.
I ran to the front desk and asked if I could visit Grant. When the nurse gave me the go-ahead, I ran down the hall, weaving through hospital staff and patients. I took the stairs up two at a time. Down another hallway, I made it to his room. I burst into it to only stop, finding his bed empty, window open.
I looked out the window. A dozen or so tied-together bedsheets stretching from the room to the grass below hang outside.
“Fuck!”
I rushed to the nearest nursing station, screaming at the nurse behind the counter. My best friend was gone; he escaped through the window; he was sick—how could they allow this to happen? The barrage continued unabated until my face was beet red, and I could hardly breathe.
She was backing up, trembling, holding up the telephone, warning me that if I went on, she’d call security.
At all once: I knew where Grant would go. I left the nurse, and ran out to my car, and drove to the one place Grant had—his house. He had no friends, family, or loved ones remaining besides me, and I knew he wouldn’t make the trip to my house.

When the car met the asphalt driveway, I shoved open the door, and sprinted into his home. Grant stood in the living room, his head tilted back and arms extended out. Anthony knelt in front of Grant, holding the statue to his chest. 
“Grant, what are you doing!” I screamed as I ran towards him, being met with some type of invisible barrier that sent a shock through me, pushing me to the ground.
Peering down to me, his eyes full of tears, he said, “I’m ascending Jim… I’m ascending.”
Standing, I tried to reach him again, but as I did he became transparent, the kitchen, the walls, and the floor visible through him. I stopped mid-movement, and my eyes widened as small white lights formed at each of Grant’s joints.
I could see the statue turning different colors: violet, maroon, and emerald, each painting the room.
Grant’s transparent body dulled to a soft blue, and the white lights stretched and evolved into full-fledged stars. One by one they grew brighter, larger, until I could only see the blinding white lights and Grant’s eyes. He never stopped looking at me, even as the lights engulfed his body.
The immense glow of the statue began to pour through Grant. When the emerald light flooded the room, the ground shook, and as if a bolt of lightning struck him, Grant was consumed by an overpowering kaleidoscopic flash of light.
It flung me against the wall and Anthony into the bookshelves. The computer and television came crashing down, glass shards shooting across the floor. Stacks of papers and notebooks took flight, swirling in the air as though caught in a tornado.
Laying there, half conscious, my body began numbing. I felt warm blood moving down the back of my head. Forcing myself to look, to peer into the blinding light, I couldn’t find Grant anymore, couldn’t find anything anymore. I tried to call out for him, but like a curtain, darkness fell over me and only air escaped my lips.

XI

I came to, Grant and Anthony were gone and so was the statue. Papers, notebooks, books, and glass littered the split floor. Most of Grant’s furniture had broken, and his bookshelves were toppled over, some lying in pieces.
I stumbled to where Grant stood before he ascended. A circular imprint was burnt into the floor, and a pile of rainbow ash was in the center.
My knees crumbled under me, and bile splashed up my throat. I gritted my teeth to hold the vomit down, but failed to hold back the tears.
I crawled to the pile of ash and grabbed a handful. It was all that was left of Grant, all that was left of the closest friend I ever had, and holding what was left of him, made me feel like I could bring him back. I held it to my chest, gripping it tight, praying that he would return.
Opening my hand, I stared into the ash. Blazing in my mind was one thought: To see Grant again, someway.
As the ash and my sweat intertwined, it caked to my skin. It moved over my flesh and started to spread over my body—my hands, wrists, and arms. Like my pores were drains and the ash was fluid, it entered my skin and coursed through my veins. A cold, tingling sensation followed, and I felt dizzy and lightheaded. The room titled, unbalanced.
I didn’t know if I was losing my mind or dreaming, but I was locked in place. My vision never left my hand or what was a hand, fading into transparency. I saw my tendons, veins, and muscle, then each bone clearly, and soon my hand turned a thin layer of clear blue.
One by one white particles appeared at my elbows and knees, and sporadically formed in my legs, arms, chest, and back. I couldn’t see all of them, but I felt them. They were like small warm pockets of vibrations, like an electric massager.
Up until that point nothing crossed my mind, except for Grant. I knew what was happening, I wasn’t dreaming or hallucinating—I was ascending.

My insides grew numb and a serenity pulsated through me. The feeling transitioned into something gripping and tightening around my innards, forcing me to cry out and topple onto the floor.
The ceiling fan was turning, its axle wailing, then spun in breakneck speeds. Everything shook, and Grant’s ceiling became blanketed in a blinding white.
I couldn’t see anything but the blaring light, but I could still hear the world around me: the hissing of the broken television, the dripping of the kitchen faucet, the birds chirping outside, the fan whirling insanely.
I tried to open my mouth to scream, to release some of the pain raging inside me, but my jaw refused to open. Or, maybe, I no longer had a mouth to use.
The white light dissipated, leaving behind small white stars dancing in the darkness. The sounds of the birds outside, the wailing of the fan, every noise in and out of Grant’s house were devoured by an immense and deafening, high pitched whistling. An earth shattering sound overtook the whistling, then a palpable silence fell over the world.

Sight and hearing came back gradually, and I could feel my insides again, which told me I was still alive. My entire body ached and popped with every movement. It was like I had woken up from the best and worst sleep of my life. Stumbling to my feet, I saw nothing of familiarity. My heart went into overdrive, berating my sternum. Perspiration covered me, and lungs couldn’t hold a breath. At that moment, I wished my insides were numb again.
I didn’t know what to do, to think, to say; where to go, or even how to get there. I was somewhere but nowhere, a place only a few hours ago I didn’t believe existed. A prison without walls, an island without water, a planet without air. Surrounding me was only blackness, an emptiness stretching as far as the eye could see. No Grant anywhere.
I dug into the strangely blue, violet sand covering the ground, and all at once, my stomach burned and flipped. I doubled over and puked. The world rippled when I managed to stand. My eyes stung, feeling like they were bulging out from my skull. I couldn’t stop looking from one horizon to another.
I was trapped. There was nowhere to go, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, nowhere to escape or be rescued. No one could help me, and nobody could travel there. A lunatic and a prisoner, I would remain on the planet. The planet that lays on the outskirts of their universe, the planet where Uydian reigns and the Tor live—the planet, In’pher.
About the Author

Micah Castle is a weird fiction and horror writer. His stories have appeared in various magazines, websites, and anthologies, and has three collections currently out. 

While away from the computer, he enjoys spending time with his wife, hiking through the woods for hours on end, playing with his pets, and can typically be found reading a book somewhere in his Pennsylvania home. 

You can find updates and read free stories via his website: https://www.micahcastle.com
Or follow him on Twitter, @Micah_Castle.
