Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005
Van Allen
Published by Screaming Weasel Productions Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Van Allen

Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005
Screaming Weasel Productions
www.VanAllenFiction.com
vanallenfiction@aol.com
Copyright Van Allen 2015

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without prior written permission of the author/publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews.

All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation to anyone bearing the same name or names. Any resemblance to individuals known or unknown to the author are purely coincidental. This is entirely a work of fiction.

Cataloguing Information:
Allen, Van
Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005
FIC028070 FICTION / Science Fiction / Apocalyptic & Post-Apocalyptic

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Title Page
Table of Contents
Introduction
Prologue
Hive Incident Part 1
Hive Incident Part 2
Hive Incident Part 3
Hive Incident FAQs
Afterword: Additional Sample PSA Info
Dedication
About the Author

Introduction

When the fecal matter impacts the rotating aerial oscillator and you find yourself right in the middle of a full-blown Z-virus outbreak, up to your armpits in zombies and crazed survivors, you need to know what to do. That's what I will share in this ongoing series of public service announcements (PSAs). Follow me as I cover real information you will need to survive a real zombie apocalypse. 
Who am I?
First of all, I am a certified Texas badass. I’m also a retired Captain of the United States Marine Corps. Oorah! I served on several top-secret zombie outbreak response teams and even commanded a large zombie outbreak response unit stationed at Fort Hood. Today, I’m the local emergency response commander for my zone of the city I live in. 
With so much disinformation coming from Hollywood and all the crappy zombie writing you can find on the internet, I wanted to start writing PSAs so you can at least have some hope of surviving a real zombie outbreak. I’m counting on the idea that when more of you survive, it also increases my chances of surviving. 
I apologize now if some of what I have to say and write seems a little raw and gritty. I’m not writing this to win a Pulitzer or to impress agents. I’m writing this so it will save your ass and mine when we hit the real no-shit zombie apocalypse grinder. 
You need outbreak survival tips, strategies, and tactics. I have it all. All that’s left is the delivery. That’s what I intend to do here, deliver. Pay attention!
Zombie Apocalypse Survival Quotes by Captain Van Allen, USMC: 
“Surviving a zombie apocalypse is tough, but it’s tougher if you’re stupid.”
“What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, unless it’s viral.”
“Don’t play with your zombie; it will make you go blind.”
“In a zombie outbreak, treat stupid people like you would treat zombies. Avoid them or kill them if they get in your way.”
“If you can’t be a badass, then get you some badass friends or be prepared to give up your shit: food, supplies, women, children, your life, your soul, your dignity, anything you care to protect—your shit, to other badasses.”
 “Zombies don’t kill people and take their shit; people kill people and take their shit.”
“In a zombie apocalypse, you need to be prepared to fight the living and the dead, but especially the living.”
“In poker, a 9mm beats four aces.”
“In a zombie apocalypse, be prepared for assholes. God made a whole lot of them and they always seem to have the most phenomenal immunities to the shittiest situations.”

{Return to Beginning}

Prologue

A Z-virus outbreak will start slow then pick up speed. Here's a scenario: Sally works over at the underfunded and understaffed county Medical Examiner's office where 100s of global flu pandemic bodies are starting to stack up. It’s been months since the global pandemic flu outbreak started. Dead bodies started to stack up a month ago. Sally is now used to death. She finds it odd that some of the dead bodies have gunshot holes in their heads and biohazard tags. She catalogues injuries, time/date of arrival, and then moves bodies into the nearly full basement holding area.   
She’s dedicated and working hard to do her part to help beat this pandemic event. Today at work, again, she comes in contact with body fluids, again, one way or another and just like every night, she goes home at the end of her long shift exhausted.
At home, she doesn’t feel well, but she dismisses this as fatigue. She settles in for dinner with her family, thanking God that none of them are sick. They share a single MRE together for dinner; 3500 calories split four ways. 
The next morning Sally is running a high fever, her eyes are bloodshot, and she knows she’s got the flu, the deadly pandemic flu. She stays home with her family. She spends all day in bed, praying and shivering behind closed doors. She dies in the night and in the morning, her husband who slept on the sofa wakes up to a reanimated Sally chewing on his arm. He screams. The kids come running into the room. They scream. They panic. The dad and the two kids run out of the house and into the streets bleeding from bites. The few survivors in the neighborhood are confused, but not for long. 
Sally is a zombie outbreak patient zero. After she was infected by the draining fluids of some other Z-virus infected zombie, she had about 24 more hours to live. After she died in the night, there was about a two-hour window before she reanimated and became a zombie. 
Her husband and kids will have similar zombie virus infection symptoms. Within 10 days, 40% of the entire remaining surviving Tri-County region is the walking dead. In 10 more days, no one is worried about the pandemic flu anymore. Nearly 100% of functioning civil services not adversely affected by the flu pandemic will have shut down. In 30 more days, multiple cities in multiple regions will report full-blown zombie pandemonium.
Keep in mind the pandemic flu already collapsed 30% of all social functions (banks, schools, police, hospitals, stores). Imagine 80% of all businesses closed. Where will you get food, medicine, survival gear? Where will you get your Starbucks and e-cigarettes? Where will you get your insulin or your money for that matter? 
After a regional, national, and then global Z-virus outbreak taking just three months to start, we can expect complete social chaos, globally! Human Services will continue to work for containment of up to a 30% pandemic rate for the flu, beyond that, the most cost effective government response is to let all pandemic contagions and all subsequent spreading piggybacking zombie outbreaks run their course.
You may be thinking, Why start here? Why start my PSAs on zombie outbreak survival here with this lesson about a single zombie hive incident? 
I didn’t start here. I’ve been submitting zombie outbreak survival PSAs since 2010 and this lesson on zombie hives represents just one lesson topic in an entire volume or library of lessons I’ve posted. Do your homework and look for them. They are out there. 
With every one of my PSAs that you read now, you add another tool to your survival bag for when the shit hits the fan. There is a good chance you won’t survive, but there is some chance you will. Don’t be scared; be prepared.

{Return to Beginning}

Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005 (Part I)

In this particular public service announcement (PSA), I hope to help to increase public awareness of zombie outbreak survival tactics and planning. I will also begin explaining zombie hives, the ultimate threat in a zombie apocalypse pandemonium. Locating, closing with, and destroying zombie hives, plus containing, decontaminating and eradicating hive sites are considered the highest level operations for only the best of the best zombie outbreak response specialists. While hive activity is rare, it is still critically important to know about zombie hives so you can at least have some chance of surviving and dealing with zombie hives when and if you find them and any other smaller risk zombie outbreaks. 
Please look for my other PSAs loaded with detailed zombie apocalypse survival information. Also, look for my book: The Book on Zombie Apocalypse Survival. I decided to write about zombie apocalypse survival after I retired from the Marines. I did not want to waste my talents and let all the information I know go to waste. 
I started writing a series of zombie outbreak PSAs planning to only get a head start for the month of September hoping to educate the masses about the dangers of a real zombie outbreak mainly because September each year coincides with the start of the flu season in the northern hemisphere. September is also National Preparedness Month. Preparedness for what, you ask. Find the answer here: http://www.ready.gov/september
As any well-prepared zombie outbreak responder knows, a pandemic zombie outbreak will most likely start during or just after a deadly pandemic flu outbreak. Flu season starts in September and runs through the spring—deadly pandemic flu outbreaks are most likely to happen during the late fall and winter months. 
A pandemic flu event similar in scale to the 1918 Spanish Flu outbreak can kill as many as 200-500 million people worldwide in as little time as three or four months. The biggest window of opportunity for a pandemic zombie outbreak is when a Z-virus outbreak piggybacks off an uncontained seasonal pandemic flu outbreak. 
Just imagine 500 million dead worldwide and global social services collapsing daily. We had a hard time dealing with a few thousand Ebola deaths in 2013! We have a hard time containing malaria! When there are more dead bodies piled high, more dead than were killed in all the wars in the last two centuries combined, that’s when you will know the zombie apocalypse shit already hit the fan. Oh, but things can and will get worse fast. 500 million dead can turn into two billion dead worldwide in a matter of weeks.    
I realized after writing daily PSAs for just one full month in October 2012 that I needed to do even more, write even more. There is so much more to share, so much more that I know about zombies, so much more that you will wish you knew when we are all finally faced with a zombie pandemonium.
What can you do to prevent a zombie apocalypse right now? I have five suggestions.
1) Get an annual flu shot and encourage everyone you know to do the same.
2) Wash your hands all the time.
3) Stay away from sick people.
4) Get physically healthy and strong day by day, starting right now.
5) Read all of my PSAs and increase your knowledge.
So, as a zombie apocalypse survival expert, I have committed myself to writing zombie outbreak preparedness PSAs for as long as it takes. Hopefully you are reading this because you know a zombie outbreak can and will happen and several zombie outbreaks are already on record historically. Hopefully you are reading this because you want to be one of the survivors when the shit hits the fan.
In this PSA, I will share my notes from an incident, a zombie hive event in 2005 that I was “officially” unofficially involved in as a zombie outbreak expert and response company commander. I am fully aware of all the details and I will share them with you. 
I mentioned in my previous PSAs, a zombie hive event was the sign of an extinction level pandemic outbreak threat, making a regular zombie outbreak seem like a walk in the park with a very small dog. In any case, you need to know and appreciate that pandemic outbreaks and zombie outbreaks are just the start of the war with Z-virus for its claim to this planet we live on. After any zombie outbreaks, there exists some potential for a zombie hive outbreak.
A Level I zombie outbreak typically means a deceased person, a carrier of the Z-virus, reanimated somehow and caused an incident. A recent zombie incident in Miami comes to mind—plenty of Level I zombie incidents are never reported in the news. Still, the police and other medical responders are well equipped to handle incidents like this. 
I filed a report of a series of deaths on the Camp Pendleton Marine base in California where a Marine was accidentally killed (friendly fire) on a combat mission and once his body was back aboard the USS Guam, he reanimated and caused quite a problem thanks to sloppy handling of his dead body by the ship’s poorly trained Sailors. 
The USS Guam reported and finally contained this minor outbreak, but not before four additional Sailors and Marines became infected and turned into zombies. We reported their deaths as accidental and skewed the evidence to say they died in training on the Camp Pendleton base. This adjusting of facts in reporting is standard. Shamefully, you will never find any written record of the small outbreak and many other small, localized outbreaks. You may find some obscure news article reporting the service members’ deaths from friendly fire, but the details of any sort of Z-virus incident will be understandably missing from any such articles. Military personnel responding to the outbreak will remember the requirement to wear NBC suits and then later to decontaminate vehicles, equipment, and personnel who had any contact with the infected persons. 
In a Level IV outbreak, military NBC (Nuclear Biological Chemical) Response Teams respond with containment/decontamination protocols and full military support and impunity. Civilian ZORTs, zombie outbreak response teams, also sometimes called ZRTs, are largely made up of voluntary community members, responding to local zombie outbreaks in your own community and often these do not have any active military members or military backing. Many ZRTs have retired, non-active, and reservist military members in their ranks. I consult for and lend my expertise to such teams regularly.
 Utah ZORT: https://www.facebook.com/ZORT.UT
North Texas ZRT: https://www.facebook.com/pages/North-Texas-Zombie-Response-Team/174385825948866?sk=info
For natural outbreaks of the Level V category, which again there aren’t any officially documented that I am aware of, scientists anticipate stage 2 zombies, the stumbling bumbling types, to have almost completely died off. This would leave mostly stage 3 zombies plus more aggressive stage 4 zombies, the thinking and plotting types, and central zombie hives with stage 5 zombies, intelligent mutant monsters controlling all zombie activities in the zombie event, working to infiltrate, propagate, and alter all life on the planet. 
With a regular pandemic event, we might expect a significant loss of life and control. Again, with seven billion people in the world today, it may only take about 200 million deaths worldwide to create full-blown chaos. However, even in a worst-case scenario of two billion deaths, there’s still a significant proportion of the population alive to rebuild and carry on. This is why zombie hives are such an important thing to understand. Zombie hives have the only potential in any pandemic event to completely wipe out all seven billion plus people worldwide. 
A zombie hive outbreak piggybacking a zombie outbreak piggybacking a pandemic flu outbreak is the start of an extinction level event where all life on earth is threatened. A full-blown zombie hive outbreak makes a zombie outbreak look like a walk in the park with a very small dog. Just imagine zombie birds, zombie horses, and even worse, zombie trees. You’re right, it’s unimaginable, but several WHO and CDC sponsored labs such as the ones at Texas A&M and Harvard have created these and other zombie lifeforms in their research labs.
In 2003, I was unfortunate enough to command a company-sized unit of about 200 Marines, a Z-virus NBC Response Team out of Fort Hood, Texas; there are more than 50 such teams stationed around the US and three in Fort Hood, all with overnight combat and nuclear deployment capabilities to anywhere in the world. 
In 2005, I ordered the deployment of one platoon, about 60 Marines, to contain a Level V outbreak in Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania. This is a remote mountain town, you have probably never heard of it, experiencing a typical major outbreak scenario: illegal biochemical weapons, inadequate local government response, call in the WHO, call in the CDC, and send in the Marines. Oorah! 
My team went in and did what I trained them to do and below are the notes I typed up when Lieutenant Martin, the Platoon Leader, returned from the incident. These notes are unaltered, unedited, unfiltered, uncensored notes that I took while debriefing with Lt. Martin. I thought about cleaning up these notes for this PSA, but I think you will get a realistic feel for the incident better from the original incomplete notes as I typed them back in 2005. 
So please tolerate a few grammar, elements of style, and syntax problems as you read this. If you see any military terms or acronyms you are not familiar with, just Google them later. You will also need to appreciate how my notes could not possibly capture the full intensity of what happened in this incident. You will need to imagine and feel the rest of the story, the uncaptured details. 
Incident Report Notes
Debrief Notes of Lieutenant Martin, notes taken by Captain Allen
Operations Review Board Members: General McBride, Colonel Wagner, Lieutenant Colonel Quigley, Sergeants Major Moran and Serranocarvajal.
Lt. Martin returned from incident #83-2005 on 9/26/2005 at 1330 and his debriefing began at 1845. Mission video footage, evidentiary documents, data, and maps, and a recording of Lt. Martin’s interview are included with this report for further detailed reviewing later.
Lt. Martin stated for the record:
This was my first Z-virus combat drop. I landed my platoon hot by HALO at 0300, MOPP 1. I then made my way into the part of the city where sat-imaging showed a good chance of finding survivors. It was a shit sandwich from the go. There were plenty of stage 2 and stage 3 zombies everywhere in the town. We noted an assortment of mutant zombies and also a handful of stage 4 and 5 zombies. We identified a major zombie horde of about 10,000 zombies near the city center. 
Because of the massive horde, we made our way to the city center through the sewer system. We entered a maze of safety tunnels and there we found a clan of survivors, barely hanging on in the underground passages. The people were very happy for our arrival there. They demanded our help to escape.
I asked to speak to the leaders. I clarified that I was a US NBC Response Ranger and as such it was my duty to contain their outbreak, but I would only help consult with them on how they could ensure their survival secondary to containment and decontamination. Standard protocol SOP, containment and decontamination were our primary objective and we were to act as civilian survival consultants, only secondary or even possibly tertiary. This immediately brought up more clashing between the clansmen. 
Another nearby clan on the other side of the mountain competed with this city’s main clan for space and resources. The people described how the outbreak started two weeks ago. One week ago, Romanian authorities had sealed off the town, blocking all roads into and out of the area. 
This had forced the two arguing parties together. Together they had about 5,000 civilians needing evacuation. We estimated 40,000 casualties before we arrived, another 15,000 people had scattered into the nearby mountains to escape, and of course about 10,000 or more reanimated corpses. There was some potential that Z-virus containment could not be accomplished. There was some potential that an orchestrated rescue of the more than 10,000 potential survivors could jeopardize containment.
While my platoon established protective perimeters and checked the civilians for any infected, I called for a meeting of the six leaders from the two main clans to explain our mission parameters to them. I stated that I wanted to help discuss a peace between them, so they could organize to assist my platoon in the containment of the outbreak. I called for the meeting to be public and fast. We met within minutes. 
During the meeting, I tried to act as a mediator between the main two clans. There was some minor argument about American soldiers being involved. I showed them the C-document from their government, authorizing our presence. There was a significant argument about who could be trusted among the remaining leaders. I noted there were two main leaders involved. Each clan leader had their henchmen there. I had briefly spoken to people on both sides to gauge public support of the two highest-ranking leaders.
The two senior clan leaders confirmed the presence of the illegal lab and they had believed that no survivors would be permitted to leave the city once a there was a lab breach. They believed we would not help them escape. This initial discussion immediately escalated into a shouting match. Leaders began making threats and pointing their guns around the room. They heard rumors the city would be nuked. They heard rumors that it was already too late to save anyone. 
With leaders and their henchmen brandishing firearms, the situation changed for the worst. Much to my chagrin there was now a potentially deadly standoff. The main clan leader fired his gun into the air. Someone else fired more shots and quickly the dark tunnels were filled with small arms fire. 
When the shooting stopped, we tried to reestablish order. At a particular point, I stated that I could see that these two leaders were not acting in the best interest of containment, decontamination, and the continued survival of humanity and so I shot and killed both of the leaders, my platoon Sergeant and his Squad leaders simultaneously shot and killed their henchmen, and their staffs. All told, we killed 18 people and this show of force reaffirmed our intentions to the remaining survivors and leaders. I then told the people that if they were not willing to cooperate with me and my platoon, then they were doomed one way or another and that my authority in this situation was absolute with impunity.
I pointed to a young scientist from the illegal weapons facility and told her to step forward. I pointed to a man who had previously introduced himself as a retired military veteran and I swore him in. I brought forward a former prominent businessman and two teachers. I then brought forward a popular priest. 
I said these people are now the pillars of your society and the most important people who will work to ensure your survival. These are the newly appointed governors. They will work together using democracy to decide what is in the best interest of the people who plan to survive this. If anyone has a dissent to this new order, then they can bring this dissent to the attention of their new council or they can leave the clan and strike it out alone.
However, I asked that they give the new peace a chance because I needed cooperation to contain the outbreak or else of course, it would overwhelm us and possibly destroy any hope in the future we may have had to save the city. Again, I stated, your biggest hope for future survival is to work together and cooperate to the mutual benefit of all. 
Since the survivors were relatively safe, hidden in the maze of underground city structures, we made plans to use the tunnels as our main base of operations. The tunnels were easy to make secure and zombie proof with a few simple barricades and other physical modifications, which the ZORT team quickly constructed while I was meeting with the leaders.
I then established groups to form a better perimeter. We expanded the safe zone. We made plans for scavenging for additional supplies. I told them more about who I was. I am a Ranger. My mission is to contain a high-level zombie outbreak and then work in concert with the remaining vestibules of government to restore order to ensure the survival of the human race and to deal with the zombies locally. 
I asked the clan about suspicious zombie activity in the area. They told of a growing zombie horde moving randomly through the city. They had also seen zombies building something to the west. I received reports from my scouts that confirmed this was an artificially created hive, but up until this time, day four, we had only encountered non-hive stage 2 and stage 3 zombies.
A man talked about zombies pushing and moving some suspicious items in carts toward the north of the town. Also, a small roving gang of loosely organized bandits in the city harassed any survivors they met. We made a plan for the sort of things we needed to scavenge for and we made booby traps and barricades. We encountered significant numbers of stage 2 and 3 zombies. We acquired more weapons and ammo and issued them to the civilians. I took a sizeable crew with me and we cleared a way back to our LZ and evac site. We placed multiple booby traps along the way in case we needed to fight our way back to the LZ as a worst case. We also recovered a delivery of requisitioned weapons, detection equipment, hot boxes, and vaccination equipment, which were air-dropped into our LZ on schedule. 
Once back in the tunnels, I quickly trained a small cadre of the locals into patrolmen and swore them in. They began patrolling to observe zombie and bandit activity, to collaborate with my observation teams, and to find food and other supplies. 
On their first mission, they confronted a small band of aggressive survivors. With the weapons we provided them, I’m proud to say they killed those assholes. This may have sent a message to other bands of assholes in the area. They had to know professionals were now on the ground and working with a purpose. 
The patrol brought back more survivors and live goats, chickens, and ducks, which they had recaptured. We then scouted around for fall back positions to the south – the library – the soccer stadium – the symphony hall and movie theater – an abandoned mine shaft system in case we needed to fall back and make a final stand.
By day seven, the number of survivors collected with us in the underground tunnels had grown to 7,000. The platoon had continued to dispatch roaming zombies while remaining mainly safe from full combat maneuvers. After we completed vaccination operations on the survivors I told the clans that they should begin falling back and evacuating, escorted by my Rangers, first to the symphony and movie theater and then to the other places, saving further fallback locations and outposts until evac at the LZ was certain. 
First fire team escorted 2 scientists back into the illegal weapons facility to acquire and retrieve all Z-virus evidence, papers, computer data, samples, and to destroy remaining contraband not of a critical nature. They placed incendiary devices around the compound and detonated them to ensure the compound’s destruction. They reported confirmation of advanced Z-virus research in the facility when they returned to the platoon HQ and we began examining the information they retrieved. 
On day eight, I gave the order for direct infected contact and dispatch to the four deployed Marine squads. They began eradicating the zombies in four large three-ringed counter-spinning concentric combat circles as trained, sweeping north back to our LZ, clearing the way for the civilians who needed to be evacuated. Things were going as planned and sequenced in our training combat table sessions and I had some doubt we had a real zombie hive to eradicate because all zombies encountered so far in successive constriction operations were only stage 2 and 3 zombies. 
On combat day nine, we finally encountered stage 4 and stage 5 zombies, some of which were carrying weapons such as axes, pipes, clubs, sticks, and pick-axes. Later this same night we encountered the first wave of stage 5 advanced zombies, which could see in the dark and could throw heavy things with great strength; we suffered two Marine casualties from stage 5 zombie contact. A zombie dropped a large stone from the roof of a building, killing Corporal Jimenez. A stage 5 zombie hurled a large piece of sheet metal at Lance Corporal Gains, killing him. 
Three mutant zombies wielding rifles fired on third fire team in the dark. The team took care of this business quick; however, one of the rifle-wielding zombies escaped. Eighth fire team had a documented encounter with several mutant zombies controlling a small wave of basic zombies. The fire team noted the basic zombies showing more coordinated attack plans with almost no randomization or typical swarm horde behavior. This confirmed the presence of a zombie hive. We used incendiary powder to destroy all zombie bodies, confirmed by our platoon Docs and Chief Petty Officer Stallings.
On combat day ten, we halted offensive operations to regroup and to better estimate the location of the zombie hive’s heart, based on the stage 5 zombie contact we had seen. In the underground passages of the city center where we made the platoon HQ, combat injuries were treated. One of our five Corpsmen, Doc Holliday, had a possibly torn ACL; his duties to the platoon were not significantly affected. Only one Marine was bitten at this point, Sergeant Jackson, but his Squad Leader reported it as only a stage 3 zombie bite and at this point the affected Marine was slightly feverish, but still combat functional, expected to fully recover. By this time on combat day ten, we had completed our checks of all civilian survivors and evacuated them to the LZ.
Lt. Martin needed medical attention during the debriefing to treat his injuries...continued debriefing delayed for three hours.

{Return to Beginning}

Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005 (Part II)

This is Part II of the “unofficial” true Zombie Hive Incident Report, which I started sharing in a recent Public Service Announcement (PSA), as part of my ongoing series of PSAs helping to increase public awareness of zombie outbreak survival tactics and planning. Please look for all my previous and subsequent PSAs.
About me: I retired from the US Marines after 21 years of active duty service. I served in several international actions and incidents involving peacekeeping and combat, including several special outbreak squads and details. I enlisted in 1984 as a private and I retired in 2005 as a Captain. 
I have two Masters Degrees, one in Psychology and the other in Biology. I am certified to teach urban warfare tactics, desert and jungle survival, counterterrorism, biological and chemical warfare tactics, and outbreak response, containment, and decontamination and a few other things like Mathematics, Physics, Biology, combat swimming, and self-defense, to name a few. 
After I completed a tour of duty early in my military career as a ZORT team member, I decided I wanted to continue that career path. The Marines paid for my college education and I committed to additional services years as repayment. I didn’t imagine at any point in my earliest years growing up that I would ever see the things I have seen through my military combat career. I never expected to be a viral outbreak response specialist beyond my retirement from the Marines, but since it is a very specialized skill set, I am willing to share what I know for humanity’s sake. My dream job would either be a youth head football coach or senior criminal investigator crime responder. Crime patterns can often take on the shape of viral outbreak patterns.
So the world is going to end up in the crapper one day because of a zombie outbreak. What can you expect? What should you be doing right now? What are the keys to your survival in a full-blown zombie pandemonium? Continue reading and you will find out as much as I know, which is a lot more than almost anyone else knows.
I have to say this: Hollywood does a really bad job with exposing the truth and getting real information out about zombies. The truth may not be that entertaining and Hollywood has tickets and advertisement space to fill and sell. 
Truth: A zombie outbreak is real and will happen. 
Truth: Zombies do not crave brains. 
Truth: You cannot dress up like a zombie and make zombies ignore you. 
Truth: Texas A&M did a very interesting study on the affect music has on zombies that will blow your mind. More about this later. 
Truth: Zombies don’t want to eat your flesh. Their main priority is to infect your flesh. They do this by biting you, not by eating you.
How does a zombie apocalypse start?
We know that the Z-virus is a naturally occurring dormant virus in some number of people. We also know there were synthetic Z-virus strains produced primarily by the Germans as early as World War I. There are historic documents describing zombies used as weapons and treasure guards by Caribbean pirates. There are descriptions of zombie outbreaks in ancient Egypt. 
By the way, you should know there were recent reports in the last decade of Iranian, Russian, and Chinese scientists working on synthetic Z-virus strains; however, they claim and report to the United Nations that they are only experimenting for vaccination and other outbreak response purposes. 
“We are creating Z-virus strains so our forces will be prepared to handle Z-virus outbreaks.” This is boilerplate UN bullshit. I don't trust them. You shouldn’t trust them. You should be prepared. 
I myself was a combat commander for US Marine outbreak teams. We responded to an outbreak in western Iran, but because of diplomatic problems, we need to say it was eastern Iraq. Things like this never make the news and tend to have a 20-year top-secret classification. Lucky for you all I value the truth and your safety more than I value my freedom. Besides, it’s tough to prosecute the truth. Don’t worry about me. Worry about being prepared.
Some of my time on outbreak response teams is still classified top secret, at least for the next nine years until the classification expires. I’ll share with you all I know until I’m ordered to knock it off. Do this, Google zombie response teams, zombie outbreaks in US history and the Bible, and also look up zombie responses during the Gulf War and zombie responses during WWII.
Take a look at the CDC’s zombie info: http://www.cdc.gov/phpr/zombies.htm
Take a look at National Geographic’s real zombies in the animal kingdom: http://video.nationalgeographic.com/video/news/zombie-snails-zimmer-vin
What is a zombie hive?
As hard as it is to believe, there is something worse than a zombie outbreak. A zombie hive event is the ultimate expression of an extinction level pandemic zombie outbreak. A zombie hive outbreak is something never covered by Hollywood.
We now know that the Z-virus, a real virus known by other scientific names, which causes zombies when infected people die, has to mutate to survive. The Z-virus wants to spread and mutate. This isn’t shocking news. All viruses spread and mutate. All life-forms mutate, multiply, replicate, and diversify to survive. That’s evolution. That’s Biology 101. 
Zombie outbreaks even appear in the Bible. See Zechariah 14:12: “And the LORD will send a plague on all the nations that fought against Jerusalem. Their people will become like walking corpses, their flesh rotting away. Their eyes will rot in their sockets, and their tongues will rot in their mouths.” 
Also see: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michael-gilmour/biblical-zombie-scenes_b_1643970.html
I’ll share more about zombies in the Bible in a different PSA. For now just understand that the Z-virus evolves and mutates and diversifies with each successive transmission.
Z-virus will eventually mutate enough to mount an all-out biological attack on all life on this world. The Z-virus looks to spread by prolonging and protecting its own life and keeping an infected human mobile and alive (technically, the walking dead) for as long as possible. By continuing to infect and spread, it continues to mutate and evolve. 
As zombies deteriorate and become less and less capable of virus transmission with time after the onset of an outbreak, the Z-virus will get to a point of diminishing returns. The long dead reanimated, but hardly animate corpse of a human becomes no longer adequate for continued and aggressive attacks against the living. As zombies age, they get slower, less deadly, less infectious, and easier to deal with. This is true for lower stage zombies in lower level outbreaks. However, a level IV outbreak will high higher stage zombies and this is just the start of a true pandemonium and if unchecked this would lead to a level VI outbreak, which is a sure sign, that humanity is in fact weak enough to lose its fight.
There are plenty of Z-virus research facilities. They study the virus, they try to control it, they try to defeat it, and sometimes they try to use it as a threat, a biological weapon. The only two authorized zombie research facilities in the continental US are at Texas A&M and Harvard, although I have heard a secret military outbreak research facility in the Mojave Desert near 29 Palms, California. Oddly enough I had also heard that’s where the US government will evacuate to when the pandemic shit hits the fan, there for any pandemic event, Cheyenne Mountain for any nuclear event, or Dallas, Texas for any terrorist or military event, with any fall back site being dependent on the sort of threat the government faces. 
In the previous PSA (Hive Part I), I described my assignment to one of Fort Hood’s NBC Response Teams or ZORT, Zombie Outbreak Ranger (Response) Teams. In the two years I served as Response Team Charlie Company’s Commander, my teams responded to eight Z-virus outbreaks, four of which were false alarms. I usually train and then send teams out on Z-virus responses, but I did get to attend one of the eight combat incidents personally, one in east Iran (or west Iraq depending on what report you can get your hands on). I also deployed in response to another outbreak in Panama in 1989 when I was much younger as a Lance Corporal assigned to a ZORT fire team stationed at Camp Pendleton, California. I’ll share my notes from Panama and other zombie outbreaks in additional PSAs as soon as I get a chance.
What follows here is Part II of the hive incident report from the level IV Z-virus outbreak at Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania, a remote mountain city north of Brasov. This zombie outbreak started in an illegal Z-virus testing facility that somehow lost control of its experiments—persons on scene at the facility also believed terrorists or possibly bioactivists or bioterrorists might have caused the release of the illegal experiments while trying to steal them or while trying to damage the facility. Products of illegal Z-virus experiments or Z-technology are a gold mine on the black market for anyone maniacal enough to produce such products illegally.
My notes of Lieutenant Martin’s debriefing after his platoon’s response to Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania continue here…
I shared the first part of these notes in my previous PSA (Hive Part I). Read Part I before you read this part and then look for other PSAs authored by me. Again, these are my original notes from the debriefing and I did not edit or “spice up” the grammar, style, or syntax of these notes. These notes are unaltered, unedited, unfiltered, uncensored notes that I took while debriefing with Lt. Martin. 
I thought about cleaning up these notes for these PSAs, but I think you will get a more realistic feel for the incident from the original completed notes as I typed them back in 2005. If you see any military terms or acronyms you are not familiar with, just Google them later. You will also need to appreciate how my notes could not possibly capture the full intensity of what happened in this incident. You will need to imagine and feel the rest of the story, the uncaptured details.
Lieutenant Martin was directed to continue his debriefing after a three-hour break for medical attention. He further stated for the record:
As I previously said, on combat day ten we halted offensive operations to regroup and to better estimate the location of the zombie hive’s heart, based on the stage 5 zombie contact we had seen. We knew that the hive heart was mobile since evidence showed that scientists grew the thing in the labs we searched. The labs were state of the art for this area, but seemed to lack the complete sophistication that would prevent all Z-virus escapes. In fact, we believe some number of terrorists or biological thieves attempted to steal Z-technology and this is what caused the zombie outbreak. 
At this point, we were certain we were dealing with a level IV outbreak at least; there was at least one active hive in the vicinity. Teams verified no hive hearts were present in the lab facility. Documents showed the facility was five years old and attempted to produce for sale a number of hive hearts, Z-virus strains, and Z-virus vaccinations. 
In the underground passages of the city center where we made the platoon HQ, we paused to treat all combat injuries. One of our five Corpsmen, Doc Holliday, had a torn ACL. His duties to the platoon were not significantly affected. Only one Marine was bitten at this point, Sergeant Jackson, but his Squad Leader reported it as only a stage 3 zombie bite and at this point the infected Marine was slightly feverish, but still combat functional and expected to fully recover. Our Z-virus vaccinations were mostly effective. Several civilians had been bitten and out of nine, only two had survived without turning.
By this time on combat day ten, we had checked all civilian survivors and evacuated them to the LZ. There was some number of civilians who registered hot on the bioscanners. We made notes in our logs of their identities and final dispositions. I ordered their terminations and Chief Stallings certified their incinerations. Navy helos evacuated cleared survivors to the USS Iwo Jima, the USS Tarawa, and the USS Carl Vinson. 
Sidebar: Fleet commanders and State Department staffers discussed plans to relocate the 15,000 civilians to the US, possibly masking their entry into the US under the disguise of the mass evacuations occurring simultaneously in New Orleans due to Hurricane Katrina. If anyone in Texas noted a large spike in people from Romania moving into their area, well now you know why. 
Continuing… During this full day of ceased offensive operations, observation team contacts reported a variety of suspicious zombie activities. Sat-imaging showed heat signatures to the north. Our scouts and drones sprayed the zombies with radioactive marking agents. Sat-imagines and drones confirmed masses of zombies collecting north near the city’s aqueduct system. Pattern analyses showed additional stage 2 and 3 zombies moving north through the small city. Their movements were not random and did not fit typical stage 2 and 3 zombie movements. The aqueduct system was north of the city. The zombies were moving north as shown here on the map. We considered that the hive might use the aqueduct system to access the region’s main water route as an escape.
Lt. Martin had a short coughing fit. A Combat Surgeon asked Lt. Martin if he would like some oxygen to help him continue the debriefing, but he waived it off. Saying, “No. I’ll make it. I’m fine for now.”  
He continued.
We estimated more than 25,000 active zombies. Drones also identified multiple stage 4 and stage 5 zombies. I left Ranger Team 12 deployed in the area of the aqueduct north and they reported no zombie activity in their area. It appeared the zombies were working together to mask their activities, but our drones and sat-images were tracking the true movements.
I gave authorization for use of our new phalanx drone. Second Squad deployed the drone in the vicinity of the aqueduct. The drone came on line and within minutes burned through 60,000 rounds of 7.62 plutonium grade ammunition, cutting the zombie horde down to about 10,000. The phalanx system worked to spec and I would report out that its computer tracking ability allowing it to make efficient and effective head-shots in a massive zombie melee was spectacular to watch. It goes without saying that an entire platoon of our best Marines would have no chance of ever matching that level of lethality. We reloaded the drone and prepped it for use in our final withdrawal. 
  We also remote piloted several mobile video surveillance cameras into key areas and tracked patterns of zombie movements by computer. A large mutated stage 5 or stage 6 zombie destroyed one mobile camera and tracking drone. Other zombies ignored our surveillance equipment. I took this time to map out avenues of attack and escape and to strategize our full movement to contact toward, into, and out of the aqueduct.
We had the mountains to our immediate east and to our south and west and I felt these mountains would work well to block any zombie movement or escape. The real risk was the aqueduct and water system to the north. If a hive were to successfully enter the waterway and escape downriver, then we could have a full-blown level VI or VII outbreak on our hands. I resolved to prevent a loss of containment at all costs.
Based on the offensive protocols we practiced against hive outbreaks in Fort Hood’s special operations combat town last summer, I decided a two-pronged assault was our best strategy. I would lead 1st and 3rd Squads, Ranger Teams 1-4 and 9-12, into the sewer system, this was the dry season, while 2nd and 4th Squads waited in reserve and for my signal for an aerial drop once we located the foci of the hive. We were still at this point certain we could prevent a level V and VI outbreak beyond the boundaries of the city, dependent of course on our ability to prevent the hive from reaching the main aqueduct and waterway.
We arranged for air support and alerted command of worst-case potentials. We received confirmation that full nuclear containment was authorized and I expected it to be effective; however, we still felt we could save the city.
On combat day eleven, I signaled the start of the offensive at 0100. We entered the sewer system and used NVGs, IR strobe lights, and IR chem-lights for marking. First Squad encountered several stage 2 and 3 zombie contacts. Machetes were effective for killing these zombies. The squads employed silenced weapons as needed to maintain silence in the tunnels. 
I gave the order to secure our firearms as we neared the end of the underground system. I did not want gunfire in the tunnels to alert more zombies to our presence, any more so than they would be alerted by the strong telepathic abilities of the mutant zombies we were expecting. In fact, more than several Marines were already complaining of headaches with at least three experiencing nosebleeds. 
We had documented broken blood vessels in Staff Sergeant Luna’s eyes before starting the assault. Chief Stallings deemed all affected members fully combat capable. Chief passed out additional packs of toxic decontaminants to the entire team.  
We were vulnerable so long as we remained in the tunnels, but these tunnels also afforded us a great deal of safety from unforeseen unpredictable attacks from higher stage zombies. Once we began moving in the tunnels, the only contact we expected would come from the front. I estimated this to this to reduce our risk by 75% while doubling our potential for success.
After a while, we came to the wet part of the sewer system that would lead us to the aqueduct. As we continued, the water became knee-deep. We encountered multiple stage 4 and a single stage 5 zombie working together, hiding in the pooled water, and guarding a part of the tunnel. As they attacked our point man, a small horde of 2s and 3s, about 50 of them, joined the fight, pouring in from the side tunnels. We anticipated this based on the maps of the tunnels we used.
With 1st Squad engaged in heavy fighting in the dark and 3rd Squad holding in the rear of the tunnels, I gave the signal for special weapons use. First Squad’s Special Weapons Ranger Fire Team began employing its microwave gun. Lance Corporal Stonecipher, gentlemen, as you know, the Marines call her Stoner or Stoney depending on what mood she’s in. Stoney moved up to employ the mike-gun, which she nicked named “can-o-whoop-ass.” 
The zombies continued to fight back and attack until only the stage 4 and 5 zombies remained. The stage 5 zombie attempted to flee. Successive blasts from the mike-gun crippled all the zombies before any could escape. I examined the stage 5 zombie corpse and confirmed it was probably a stage 6 zombie. I saw that it was regenerating and closing its injuries. I cut off its head and enclosed the head in a hot box. Doc Holliday took care of the phosphorous to burn the mutant body and then we continued.
We then encountered five mutated zombie dogs and they seemed intent on attacking and eliminating our mike-gunner. Stoney’s mike-gun crippled the mutated zombie dogs and then the team killed them with machetes. 
Then a zombie cat attacked Lance Corporal Stonecipher. We had hell on our hands dealing with that mutant zombie cat. All training reports understate the lethality of zombie cats in an urban environment. While cats tend to be very resistant to Z-tech, nothing seems to affect the combat readiness of the teams like knowing zombie cats are likely. Stoney held the cat down, suffering several injuries until another Marine shot and killed the creature. Again, Doc Holliday disposed of the bodies. Knowing we were likely to face more higher-stage zombies was a point that worried me some, but I still felt we could still contain the outbreak and save the city.
Two Marines from Ranger Team 2 also reported injuries from the cat. Neither were infected or unable to continue. Corporal O’Neal reported concussion symptoms due to his proximity to the mike-blasts. He wasn’t in the direct line of fire, but he was still concussed. I moved Ranger Team 2 to the rear and brought up Ranger Teams 9 and 10 to beef-up 1st Squad.
As we neared the opening to the tunnels in front of us, one of our birds, fighter pilot Captain Penske, call sign “Gomer”, radioed and said he and his wingman “Scarecrow” were tracking us in their AV-8B Harriers and wanted to know our precise location. They were packing heat and ready to turn and burn on our signal. Gomer had Ranger Team 13 in his sights and would aid in our approach to the main aqueduct if we needed it. Scarecrow had dropped FAEs in the mountains to the west, incinerating a small horde of walkers that had straggled away into the hills. The massive explosions in the hills certainly helped mask our location from the hive. 
I made ready to exit the underground canals because we could see the air-dropped explosions light up the darkness at end of our tunnels. We could also see another zombie horde guarding the tunnel exit, blocking our access to the canals. I ordered my radioman to emit a pulse to let our birds know where we were. Gomer and Scarecrow acknowledged.
Ranger Team 13 reported increased zombie activity and spotted a number of stage 5 zombies moving toward our location. I gave the go ahead for Smitty to snipe as many stage 5s as he saw. We were not interested in another tunnel fight; we needed to locate the hive before sunrise. Ranger Team 14 reported a small horde of zombies running from another sewer system canal opening into another tunnel pushing several carts up the tunnel toward the main aqueduct. 
Smitty could not get off any shots at this horde, but he verified the carts held something that was radiating bright heat on the IR scopes. This was the horde we were after and we acknowledged their location on our maps before continuing.
I called Gomer to drop FAE directly on our location near the opening to the aqueduct. Marines took cover and donned their breathing gear and made ready for MOPP 4 combat actions. We withdrew and waited 60 seconds as the FAE burned the zombies in the tunnel mouth and we quickly mounted a full rushing attack out into the open canal toward the tunnel Ranger Team 13 identified. We entered that tunnel and pursued the moving hive. Ranger Team 14 reported a large horde of zombies following into the tunnel after us.
In this new tunnel, we began fighting zombies both in front of us and behind us. Then, much to my chagrin, Ranger Team 14 reported another horde of advance stage zombies pushing different carts into another aqueduct tunnel. The contents of those carts were also red hot. We were possibly up against more than one mobile hive. 
I was certain 1st and 3rd Squads could cut off the hive we had to our front in the tunnel, but now I needed to drop 2nd and 4th Squads prematurely to seek and destroy the second hive. Another miscalculation of this magnitude and I worried we would lose the containment, be forced to withdraw, and then have to nuke the area.
Knee deep in putrid sewage and slime, with explosions on the hillsides flickering, sending us back and forth between blinding light and sheer darkness in our night vision goggles, I held some hope that we could get this done, but I couldn’t be sure until we got outside, made up some ground, terminated one of those moving and heavily guarded hives and then lived long enough to see a small glimmer of sunshine. I just didn’t know.    
Lt. Martin began coughing and waived over Doctor Fisher with the oxygen tank. Doctor Fisher called for a two-hour recess. 

{Return to Beginning}

Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005 (Part III)

In this next public service announcement (PSA), helping to increase public awareness of zombie outbreak survival tactics and planning, I will share more details from the zombie outbreak incident in Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania. This PSA is part III, so be sure to read parts I and II. 
Locating, closing with, and destroying zombie hives, plus containing, decontaminating and eradicating hive sites are considered the highest level operations for only the best of the best zombie outbreak response specialists. While hive activity is rare, it is still critically important to know about zombie hives to help you survive a major zombie outbreak.
This PSA continues with the conclusion of my notes of Lieutenant Martin’s debriefing after his Special Ops NBC platoon’s response to a zombie hive outbreak. Again, these are my original notes from the debriefing and I did not edit or “spice up” the grammar or syntax of these notes.
After a two-hour delay for medical attention to his injuries, Lt. Martin continued and stated for the record:
I called Gomer and Scarecrow to drop their fuel air explosives FAEs on our location. Marines took cover and donned their breathing gear. We withdrew into the tunnel and waited 60 seconds as the FAE burned the zombies in the tunnel mouth. When the heat subsided, we quickly mounted a full rushing attack out into the open canal toward the tunnel Ranger Team 12 identified. We entered that tunnel and pursued the hive. Ranger Team 12 reported a large horde of zombies following into the tunnel after us.
In this new tunnel, we began fighting zombies in front of us and behind us. Teams switched to using close combat firearms rather than using melee weapons such as machetes and long blades. There were too many zombies and speed was of the essence. With full weapons use we began moving faster through the tunnels. 
Then, much to my chagrin, Ranger Team 12 reported another horde of advance stage zombies pushing different carts into another aqueduct tunnel. The contents of those carts were also red hot. We were up against more than one hive. I was certain 1st and 3rd Squads could cut off the hive we had to our front in the tunnel, but now I needed to drop 2nd and 4th Squads prematurely to seek and destroy the second hive. Another miscalculation of this magnitude and I worried we would lose overall containment, be forced to withdraw, and then have to nuke the area.
I gave the order for Gunnery Sergeant Ricks to deploy his two squads to the target identified by Ranger Team 12. In our tunnel, we were fighting in the dark, in full breathing gear, biohazard suits, and meeting heavy resistance from both the front and the rear. We confirmed that all teams had switched to non-suppressed close quarters assault weapons. I ordered Special Weapons Ranger Team 9 to begin laying down detonation cord and detonation pods to our rear. The rear tunnel fighting was heavier than the front, but still, I fully intended to destroy the hive we were pursuing and then reverse direction and return to the main aqueduct to support 2nd and 4th Squads.
To our front, we fought through several hundred random zombies and eventually reduced the horde down to less than 100 stage 4 zombies and above. Some of them climbed walls and made the fighting three dimensional in the tunnels. We encountered additional zombie animals: several zombie dogs, another zombie cat, and several zombie goats. Again, the cat was the hardest to kill. Both Special Weapons Ranger Teams employed their main offensive guns, alternating between incendiary and high explosive ammo. These were highly effective inside the tunnels.
Doc Parker succumbed to some sort of zombie toxin that infiltrated his breathing mask. He began to spasm, violently ripping off his mask and thrashing around on the floor of the tunnel, hampering all rear movement. Parker’s lower leg snapped from all the thrashing on the floor. I witnessed his transformation. I saw the blood rush to his eyes and a brown liquid oozing out of his ears. Several Marines held him down and Sergeant Newsome shot him in the head with his 45 sidearm. I am stating for the record that Sergeant Newsome’s action was justified.
Doc Hall placed Parker’s dog tags in her cargo pocket. She then removed det-cord from her field ZRT medical kit and tagged his body with the cord and then dropped a blue torch on the body as the platoon continued forward. When she detonated the cord, Parker’s lifeless body burned blue in the tunnel and detonated additional det-lines to our rear, creating a break in zombie pressure to our rear. We could feel the heat of the tunnel burning behind us pushing us forward faster.
We then continued fighting the stage 4, 5, and 6 zombie horde forward. They were at first making flight down the tunnels ahead of us to escape. In a moment they had entirely given up their flight down the tunnel and had turned to fully attack us. This fighting did not last long. Successive main guns did most of the work. We approached the carts the zombies were fleeing with and searched them. The carts did not contain zombie hive material, instead there were only crates containing animal matter piled on top of burning coals. The zombies bluffed us into pursuing them. They knew our IR equipment would cause us to pursue these carts, but they couldn’t know the full range of our operational tactics. 
I called for a status check from Gunnery Sergeant Ricks. Ricks reported his squads were in position at the main aqueduct and were in defensive fighting positions fighting an entire horde of about 10,000 attacking zombies. They had redeployed the phalanx system drone. Ricks stated there was no give in their positions, but they were encountering stage 6 zombies that were increasingly harder to kill. Gomer and Scarecrow patrolled the air above them, diving in the dark to strafe zombies that moved to outflank their defensive positions. Ricks stated his Marines would hold the main aqueduct, but they would eventually have to pull back if they ran low on ammo.
I asked for Ricks’ containment assessment. He recommended immediate evac of all Marines and nuclear containment launch. I disagreed with him on that. I did not want to lose the entire area by nuking it. I told him I wanted to use the poison arrows first. He quickly concurred with me. 
I gave Sergeant Newsome the signal to reverse fighting. He signaled his Special Weapons Ranger Team to detonate all the rear cord and pods. We all braced and waited for the explosions. Nothing happened. I moved forward and Corporal Stamatakis stated that zombies had somehow disabled the main detonator and the only way to detonate the cord and pods would be by manual connection. We all knew what this meant. He volunteered to do it. I told him no.
I crawled forward through piles of zombie fragments and crud, staying low under the heavy gunfire and reached for the det-cap, deciding in the moment to use my left hand. I yelled, “Fire in the hole!” The gunfire stopped and all Marines took cover. Then I placed the det-cap on the first pod. The pod exploded immediately, shredding my left arm.
Lt. Martin held up his bandaged left arm and pointed to the heavily bandaged left side of his face and head.
I recall hearing successive explosions and detonations ripping through the tunnels. Here on Ranger Team 12’s camera report you can see the massive detonation erupting out of our tunnel. After about three minutes, one of the squad leaders yelled, “All clear.” I knew I was still alive when I heard that and it felt good to be alive.
Doc Hall ran forward to me. Several Marines helped her bandage my arm and face and then they worked to duct-tape another breathing mask over my face and over the bandages on my head. She also injected me with pamlodipeine-6 and morphine. I did not feel any pain. I was however, very disoriented and my ears were ringing and still are today. We then moved with all speed back out of the tunnel and out into the open canal.
My radioman handed me the mike and I called Gunnery Sergeant Ricks. Ricks reported that he and his squads were still holding the main aqueduct. A massive horde and a red hot hive were still in the tunnel ahead. Sat-images and IR scanners confirmed that we had the entire horde caught in the tunnel between my half of the platoon in the open canal and Ricks’ half of the platoon in the main aqueduct. 
Ricks’ Marines were low on ammo. I told Ricks to blow the tunnel, seal the horde inside, and light-up the center of the containment zone. I told Staff Sergeant Benavides to do the same on our side and to get the whole platoon out. We moved to the other side of the aqueduct system.
Three minutes later, Benavides punched the remote handheld det-code and both ends of the aqueduct tunnel exploded. I heard Ricks on the radio confirm his end was sealed. Benavides confirmed our end was sealed. The squads ran forward past the massive zombie horde under the cover of the phalanx drone. Again, the drone worked perfectly. When both squads collected together at the LZ, we turned to fight and suppress the horde.
I called Gomer and told him to launch the poison arrows. He asked if I was sure. I gave him my authorization code. He confirmed the timing of the airstrike; we had 25 minutes. We saw the two Harriers leave, streaking away and climbing in altitude to the north. 
Captain “Becky” Davis, call sign “Buffalo”, came on the radio. Buffalo confirmed she was inbound. Knowing our two CH-53 Super-Stallions were inbound, Ricks confirmed his lights were on and Benavides confirmed her lights were on. Ranger Team 12 confirmed they had the final triangulation light on. Benavides popped smoke and all Marines took cover while continuing to lay down heavy fire. The two heavy-lift helicopters landed and the platoon rushed to get onboard.
Then we saw what I thought were four civilian survivors frantically waving to us. Ricks told me I had to come see this. I still had my breathing mask on. Benavides and Doc Hall helped me get out of the helicopter and Chief Stallings came with us. The helicopter Crew Chief shouted back that we had five minutes max to get airborne.
I approached the survivors. Ricks had them kneeling on the ground with their hands behind their heads. It was an older man and a younger man who both appeared to be lab scientists from the illegal lab. They were with a woman and another man, but these two non-scientists were clearly zombies and they could talk. They made an attempt to get onboard the helos pretending to be survivors. 
The woman zombie said she could speak English. She claimed that she and the other male zombie were both infected, but she claimed they were in full control of their minds and bodies and they did not pose a threat to us. They wanted to leave the area with us. They wanted us to take them with us. One of the scientists with them said something in Romanian, which I understood meant that these people were the original bioterrorists thieves that had attacked the facility. The older man’s eyes were both bloodshot and his lips were purple with trickles of blood on the corners of his mouth. He began babbling about the scientific and financial value these two specimens represented. Then his eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed on the ground.
As the woman continued to speak, I could smell the rotting death in her breath. Then she lunged forward, pinning Corporal Newalski to the ground. I yelled to Ricks to destroy the male zombie. 
I swung my machete and chopped the woman’s head off. Her head rolled to a stop on the ground between my legs, her blinking eyes looked up at me. I knew a substantial amount of the woman’s body fluids splattered onto Newalski’s face. 
Ricks tossed a blue torch on the second zombie. As it burned, it tried to crawl away. Ricks stabbed it through its back with his machete, pinning the burning thing to the ground. I tossed him my machete and he hacked off the zombies head. He tossed another blue torch on the head.
I yelled for a hot box. We placed the woman’s head in the hot box without incinerating it. I then went to the other scientist. I said to him that all this loss of life was his fault, his fault, his burden to forever bear. I swept kicked his feet from under him and he fell to the ground on his back. 
With the scientist pinned to the ground with my knee, I fired nine rounds of my 9mm sidearm into the ground and then pressed my hot barrel to his forehead between his eyes. He screamed and squirmed as the hot barrel burned a small circle into his skin. I held the barrel there between his eyes until I could smell his seared flesh. When I pulled away, a red burning circle remained in his skin. 
We then all got back on our helicopters. I was concerned about Newalski. We brought the only remaining scientist with us.
We were airborne when Gomer radioed two poison arrows were incoming. He confirmed the poison arrows were locked on to the three remote triangulation laser markers. He said he would have Scarecrow land her Harrier and search the target for effect and should she identify a continued problem, he would drop his nuke as required.
Our helos flew hard and fast over the west mountains. In ten minutes, I saw the eastern horizon light up, flashing twice in the darkness as the two missiles impacted the aqueduct tunnel we marked. We continued flying west.
Gomer came on the radio 30 minutes later and confirmed he and Scarecrow made two direct hits to the target and scanners showed no signs of anything surviving the two missiles. Scarecrow landed her Harrier and took several samples of the surrounding ground. She confirmed the city remained intact, but the main aqueduct hub was completely destroyed along with a significant number of zombies from the horde. After the Z-virus burned itself out and all zombies expired, and then after another six months, authorities could then reenter the town. After specialists clear the town and certify it as safe, people could slowly return. Returning people would need to reroute the main river flow and construct a new aqueduct.
Two hours later, just after sunrise, we landed our birds on the deck of the USS Carl Vinson where the whole team and all our gear and the four aircraft went through the required decontamination processes. We ordered Sergeant Jackson, Corporal Simms, and Lance Corporal Davis to quarantined because they were showing a range of symptoms of advanced Z-virus exposure, to include broken blood vessels in their eyes and loss of bowel and bladder control; however, they were all expected to fully recover. Newalski and the scientist were escorted away and I wanted to see to both of their dispositions, but I was too injured to do so. After the rest of us were scrubbed, cleaned, tested, and cleared, we received medical treatment of our injuries. All team injuries were assessed and treated. Decon teams confiscated a package of illegal Z-tech which the scientist tried to hide under his clothes. Navy personnel arrested the scientist and detained him for interrogation later. 
We later caught a flight to Naval Station, Rota and then a direct flight to Langley. We delivered all hot boxes to General McCann’s AMRIID team, which met us in Langley. I also left our quarantined Marines with the AMRIID team. AMRIID staff checked my wounds and vitals and then cleared me, but Colonel Koning still ordered one of his AMRIID specialists to stay with me as protocol dictates for the next 60 days.
We had three combat casualties, First Class Corpsman Christopher Parker, Corporal Oscar Jimenez, and Lance Corporal Travis Gains.
Only one Marine was bitten, Sergeant Keith Jackson, by a stage 3 zombie.
We had an assortment of minor injuries.
I suffered the only survivable major injuries.
The entire platoon and all support elements performed honorably and it was my greatest personal accomplishment to have served as their Platoon Commander.
A trickle of blood fell from Lt. Martin’s lips and he began coughing until medical attendants placed an oxygen mask over his face. 
This is the end of my notes taken on 9/26/2005 during Lt. Martin’s debriefing.
Since Lt. Martin needed further extensive medical attention, General McBride ordered a 14-day recess of the debriefing. The ORB would continue debriefing other ZORT team members in the meantime. 
On October 1, 2005, I received a notice that I had been approved for promotion to Major and consequently I also received transfer orders assigning me to duty in Iraq’s Green Zone for combat duty for the next three years. 
I immediately opted to retire instead of redeploying to Iraq. After I filed for retirement, the Department of Defense quickly terminated my access to classified information about zombie outbreak response actions. My last day on active duty was December 31, 2005. I did not get a chance to participate in other debriefings based on outbreak incident #83-2005.
During my last two months, I worked to draft and submit awards and medals for all the members of the response teams and to complete the official documents pertaining to our deaths, injuries, and the use of all special weapons. I nominated Lt. Martin for a Medal of Honor. I found out later that the Marine Corps awarded him a Bronze Star. Because of his injuries, he was later medically retired. I attended each of the three funeral services. I never confirmed Corporal Ski was infected or deceased and I never confirmed if he turned. I had heard he may have turned and rather than following protocol and incinerating his reanimated corpse, he was instead transferred to Texas A&M’s lab because of the unique source of his infection.
In the next PSAs, I’ll share more of what we learned from this incident and others. You are reading my PSAs because you want to know how to survive a zombie outbreak. Keep reading and get ready. 

{Return to Beginning}

Zombie Outbreak Survival: Zombie Hive Incident #83-2005 (Part IV – The FAQs)

This is the fourth and final public service announcement (PSA) for this short series, focusing on zombie hives and written to help increase public awareness of zombie outbreak survival tactics and planning. When the shit hits the fan and you are up to your armpits in zombies looking to claw and rip the flesh from your bones, these PSAs may mean the difference between survival and death. 
In this PSA, I will continue explaining zombie hives, the ultimate threat in a zombie apocalypse pandemonium. Locating, closing with, and destroying zombie hives, plus containing, decontaminating and eradicating hive sites are considered the highest level operations for only the best of the best zombie outbreak response specialists. While hive activity is actually rare, it is still critically important to know about zombie hives so you can at least have some chance of surviving and dealing with zombie hives when and if you find them in a zombie outbreak.
The first key to your survival is information. That’s my mission, to provide you with tons of zombie info, which I hope increases your chances of survival.
This PSA is a final follow-up from my three previous PSAs where I shared notes from a zombie outbreak response mission debriefing I attended in 2005. One of my Special Operations Capable (SOC) Nuclear Biological Chemical (NBC) Zombie Outbreak Response Teams (ZORT), all together a SOCNBCZORT or simply a ZORT platoon, responded to a Level V zombie outbreak event in a little city in eastern Romania. Zombie outbreak incident #83-2005 was contained and the ZORT performed exactly as I trained it to perform. Please read all three parts of my incident notes.
In this PSA, I’ll tackle some of the FAQs about the incident.
Q: In Part I, why did Lt. Martin kill those people in the tunnel? I don’t think he had to do that.
A: In the zombie outbreak response business, a Level IV or higher zombie outbreak is handled differently than lower levels. In lower levels, we might send in a response agent or a small team to help local service providers prevent a more serious outbreak. Responders take samples and document sources of the outbreak and the results of response actions for reporting to the CDC.
For a Level IV or higher outbreak, when the DOD and the CDC decide to send in a ZORT, a special operations capable, platoon-sized combat-ready NBC response team, it means that preserving local human life is a secondary priority to containment and decontamination. It’s like saying that once a Level IV outbreak is identified, the local people become fully expendable. Since containment was the highest priority, those people were technically already dead when Lt. Martin got there.
Finding survivors, Lt. Martin could have ignored them all, but he chose to get 1000s of them to safety. In doing this, he encountered resistance from a few local political leaders, clan leaders, and also from a few random gangsters. This is very typical in most outbreak scenarios. 
We train all ZORT platoon commanders like Lt. Martin, to make fast decisions. If he decides that any person (infected or not) in the vicinity of a Level IV outbreak poses some risk to the success of the ZORT or to the overall mission of containment, then he has the full authority to exercise maximum force on these people. In fact, responders are trained to not waste time and to not take chances.
In this incident, Lt. Martin decided on a frequently used tactic to quell unrest. He killed the leaders, publically. This had the desired effect; it motivated the other survivors to move their asses and to avoid interfering. You may think of multiple different ways of handling a situation like this, but different is not necessarily better or smarter. Given any number of factors to consider in a Level V situation like this, a ZORT Commander must act in the best interest of speed, containment, and decontamination. 
A ZORT operations review board (ORB), reviews every ZORT mission, all actions, losses of life, and uses of weapons. The ORB for this outbreak response found Lt. Martin’s actions were justified, within training parameters, and within operational standards. He may have killed a half dozen or more people, but that just may have been the key to saving the thousands who were evacuated after that, saving the city, saving some of the illegal Z-tech for further studying, and saving countless more people in the region who would have been harmed by a failed containment. 
The ZORT platoon commander is expertly trained to deal with zombies, crazed survivors, loud, rude, obnoxious politicals, and any bad guys (commonly referred to as assholes) looking to take advantage of survivors. We would never select someone to be a ZORT platoon commander if their skills and abilities in such situations were suspect. A Level IV or higher zombie outbreak event is no place to be a pussy.
Q: In Part I, Sergeant Jackson was bitten by a zombie, but he did not become a zombie. Why not?
A: Some people have natural Z-virus immunities. Very early in US military service, recruits go through a broad cadre of medical tests and screenings. All ZORT team members were identified as Z-virus resistant in boot camp. Military medicine found a way to boost natural Z-virus immunities using the anthrax-Z inoculation series. ZORT team members are practically immune to the most basic strains of the Z-virus. Their immunities far exceed normal human immunities. 
When the zombie bit Sgt. Jackson, he had a reaction; he became feverish. He would eventually fully recover, the only symptoms experienced being mild flu-like. By the way, the US military also identifies all recruits who carry the dormant Z-virus. There are a certain statistical number of people walking around today who carry the Z-virus and the overwhelming majority of them will never know they are carriers. The overwhelming majority of them will never reanimate because reanimation is complicated and hardly guaranteed. Case in point, in most deaths, a coroner or medical officer is involved soon after death and all death exams require the removal of the deceased brain to finally establish death as a certainty. Keep in mind how this zombie preventing medical examiner step becomes a whole lot less likely when medical staffs and health departments become compromised or overwhelmed by something like a pandemic flu outbreak where millions die in short amount of time. 
In direct contrast to Sgt. Jackson, Doc Parker suffered from an exposure to an advanced stage of the Z-virus, very likely an airborne virus. By hive outbreak protocols, when a team identifies animal and other mutated stage 6 zombies, the ZORT members must then quickly decide if they need to put on their protective breathing masks and take the highest precautions to prevent infection. ZORT members are resistant to advanced stages of Z-virus, but apparently the Z-virus encountered there overwhelmed Parker’s defensive immunities. It’s impossible to know exactly why he fell and no one else fell. It could very well have been something in his DNA, his genetics. 
It’s impossible to know how resistant ZORT members are, especially when dealing with illegal and artificially produced strains of Z-virus. This is also a sign of how deadly a strain might be; if it can kill a nearly immune ZORT member, what do you think this Z-virus strain would do to the general population if it escaped containment?
It may not have been apparent, but during the debriefing, Lt. Martin showed some effects of advanced Z-virus exposure. His symptoms were only flu-like, hampering his respiration. He fully recovered. If the team had encountered any plant-like stage 8 zombies, then the team would have had to put on their fully protective oversuits, which look like black rubbery spacesuits.
Q: I don’t understand what you mean by all the different stages of zombies. I thought there was just one kind of zombie. Can you explain?
A: In any zombie outbreak, there can be a number of different types of zombies. We know the type of zombie based on what the zombie can do, a zombie that can’t do much more than stumble around and bite things as compared a zombie that can climb a fence, sneak up on you, or pick up a weapon and try to use it. The type of zombie depends on the stage of the Z-virus, which infects the deceased person. So, it’s actually the Z-virus that manifests itself in different stages that produce different zombies. The more mutated the Z-virus you get, the more advanced the zombie you will become.
Recall my previous PSAs… There are some numbers of people worldwide who naturally carry the dormant Z-virus. Dormant Z-virus, waiting for a person to die to reanimate their dead body is stage 1. If a stage 1 Z-virus carrier dies, he or she will reanimate and become the walking dead. This newly reanimated new zombie is a stage 2 carrier, a stage 2 zombie is capable of infecting others with stage 2 Z-virus usually by biting. Stage 2 Z-virus is deadly, causes extreme flu-like symptoms, and then kills all who have no resistance to it. The CDC estimates that 95% of those exposed to Z-virus, either through a zombie bite or some other accidental exposure will die. Even untreated Ebola does not have the infected kill rate of stage 2 Z-virus. 
Stage 2 Z-virus kills the infected person very quickly. Once this infected person dies, if he or she is not attended to appropriately and immediately after death (medical examiner removing the brain), this person will reanimate into a stage 2 infectious zombie. Stage 2 zombies are the stumbling bumbling kind. They are relatively easy to kill and a stage 2 zombie outbreak is relatively easy to contain.
Stage 2 zombies are the most common. They don’t run, climb, hide, or attack very well. If you ran away from stage 2 zombies across a set of railroad tracks, there is a good chance most stage 2 zombies would trip and fall on the tracks. They are easy to trap and easy to evade. 
Stage 2 zombies aren’t smart enough to open doors and they don’t hardly have the mental capacity to know how to turn a doorknob. This is why many stage 2 zombie outbreaks are easy to contain. You may not hear about stage 2 zombie outbreaks because they are reasonably easy to deal with. You don’t need a ZORT platoon to contain a stage 2 outbreak. You can’t really get a pandemic event from a stage 2 zombie outbreak. Just remember, a stage 2 zombie outbreak combined with a pandemic flu outbreak is when the magic happens. Outbreaks of higher stage zombies usually happen when pandemic conditions are already pretty bad.
When stage 2 zombies continue to infect more and more people, some of these people will infect others and eventually newly infected people in the transmission cycle will become stage 3 zombies. The Z-virus mutates into advanced stages after several successive transmissions. So, while stage 2 zombies tend to stumble and bump around chasing and then biting whatever they happen to find and grab, stage 3 zombies are different. They work harder and a little smarter to carry the active virus further away from the initial outbreak point than stage 2 zombies will work.
Stage 3 zombies are not typical. I wouldn’t expect to see very many stage 3 zombies in a typical outbreak until a full-blown zombie outbreak has had a chance to really get going and containment hasn’t worked over an extended period. It takes a large number of transmission cycles for the Z-virus to begin mutating to stage 3. Once these mutations happen, it will be very obvious in the actions of the zombies and the higher rate they can attack, move, and kill survivors.
Stage 3 zombies and all higher stage zombies retain more of the mental capacity of their hosts. They run better than stage 2 zombies, but still not as well as living people who are healthy and in shape. Stage 3 zombies can in some cases carry and crudely use an item like a baseball bat or a tire iron. They can duck your blows and hide from gunfire. They can crudely fight back. They can climb a little better, open some doors, throw bricks through windows, and actively avoid some simple booby-traps. While you often see a horde of stage 2 zombies blindly chasing after anything that makes noise like a cat or dog or bouncing ball, you will often know a stage 3 zombie because it doesn’t blindly chase such things. 
You may notice a stage 3 zombie pausing and waiting or hanging back in the horde, deciding what is worth chasing and what is not. Stage 2 zombies will chase things over a cliff, but new stage 3 zombies and higher stage zombies wouldn’t go over a cliff, blindly following something. So, stage 3 zombies are harder to kill, but they are still limited in their abilities. 
All zombies come with an expiration date, the date they can no longer effectively spread the Z-virus. So, in any case, as stage 3 zombies and even some of the more advanced zombies get older and older, they begin to lose the abilities they started with. Old zombies that can still walk and run will probably follow something over a cliff. 
Stage 4 zombies are the really scary kind. The stage 4 Z-virus has mutated enough that it starts to work collectively with the brain of a dead zombie host. The reanimated person will retain significantly more of their pre-death mental characteristics. The zombie host is still gone once they die and reanimate, but if the stage 4 zombie host had particular knowledge, the zombie will have some of this knowledge, and if the host was strong and fast, the stage 4 zombie will now have slightly enhanced speed and strength. Stage 4 zombies are significantly smarter and harder to kill, but they are also very rare.
If a stage 4 zombie bites a person, that person will die very quickly and also become a stage 4 zombie. Again, stage 4 zombies (and some stage 3 zombies) are commonly referred to as “atypical” zombies because they will seemingly do things that other zombies are not doing. A stage 4 zombie can maneuver through obstacles, climb fences, ladders, and ropes, and can actually predict or tactically guess your next move. So, if you go in one direction, a stage four zombie will sometimes sneak around behind you or try to head you off at a different location. These zombies also are known to carry crude to advanced weapons and use them.
Stage 4 zombies (and some stage 3 zombies) also exhibit behaviors that suggest they can communicate with other zombies on some basic level. The puzzle is that most stage 4 zombie communication appears to be non-verbal. These zombies cannot talk to each other, but they work together for common goals. Some have suggested that their communication may be subliminal, psychic, or even paranormal. My own research suggests stage 4 zombie communication abilities and behaviors are simply just the increased residual intellect from the host acting to protect itself. However, I cannot refute the research which shows zombies communicate much like honey bees using heightened pheromonal senses. Do a Google search for “pheromonal communication.”
Survivors will run into stage 4 zombies that can heal themselves, can fire a gun (but have difficulty loading it), and can act out simple strategies and tactics such as pretending to be dead and hiding in the shadows or under water. Stage 4s are resistant to damage and decay and will only die from significant brain damage or from decapitation. So, while stage 4 zombies expire slower and can recover from injuries caused by sword slashes and gunfire, they cannot reattach severed limbs like you may have seen in a movie or two and likewise, they cannot control their bodies if you cut off their heads; but like I said before they are significantly more difficult to fight and contain.
Stage 4 zombies begin to act more in swarm patterns as if controlled by a central idea, which is primarily to survive and spread the Z-virus. This is the earliest stages of hive behavior. Note that lower stage zombies do not possess a desire to survive. A stage 4 zombie can in most cases chose not to attack, run away, and wait for the best moment to attack, defending itself and ensuring its survival. Some stage 3 zombies will do this too. Some stage 4 zombies can even control other zombies. 
Stage 4 zombies are the first sign of a potential zombie hive. In 1999, in Texas A&M’s Health Sciences Lab, scientists created and are still maintaining multiple fully contained zombie hives as of today. This is what the illegal weapons facility in Romania attempted to do.
Now think about this… Did you notice how the Z-virus works? It doesn’t really attack us as a full outbreak until after there is a major pandemic event like the Spanish Flu of 1918. This sort of pandemic event thins the heard, removing a significant number of weaker people. The remaining people are hardier and possibly smarter. After the lower stages of the virus remove most of the weakest survivors, attacking more of the weaker and less smart first, the Z-virus mutates to take care of the rest of the survivors. So once weaker and not so smart people are all gone, the virus graduates so it can now attack those who are left. By the time stage 4 zombies appear, most of the weak and infirm people will already be gone and the only people left for stage 4 zombie manifestations will be the stronger smarter people who survived the earliest waves of the outbreak.
You see, this is a very clever virus. After multiple transmission cycles, the Z-virus will continue to mutate and attack successively smarter and stronger groups of people. Because stage 4 zombies retain many of the mental capacities of the hosts, then this is why stage 4 zombies are so much smarter and harder to kill—because the hosts are smarter and harder to kill. Imagine the sorts of people that are survivors by this point in a pandemic zombie outbreak. These survivors are the stronger, faster, smarter people. If these people become stage 4 zombies, they will be significantly more deadly and aggressive than previous stages of zombies.
The final component to the Z-virus’s attack on this world is to mutate into a hive where stage 4 zombies act much more like a swarm—a swarm of locusts rather than a swarm of bees that work to protect a queen. There are no queen zombies. Zombie swarms work toward one key goal; promoting further mutations and continued spreading to take over all life on this planet. 
I almost hate to say this out of a fear of choosing an easy cliché, but when I think of a zombie hives, I think about Star Trek’s Borg collective. Although, a zombie hive is the extreme opposite of a technologically advanced species. Instead, a zombie hive is a biologically advanced species.
Stage 5 zombies are a sure sign that a hive is fully active. Stage 5 zombies are a whole other category of dangerous, so I’ll share more about them later--for now just think about a mutant zombie like a Solomon Grundy…I know, another cliché. 
A zombie hive controls the actions of all zombies near it. A hive does not need human hosts to make zombies. It can make zombies out of other animals and after a while, it will be able to create zombies without biting and in some cases without any hosts. 
In outbreak incident #83-2005, we received reports of strange, but predictable mutant zombie behavior. Because we knew the illegal weapons facility in Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania created zombie hives artificially, we knew to expect odd mutant zombies. Artificially created zombie hives are incredibly unpredictable. You can never know what sort of mutant zombies will manifest. 
You can imagine what sort of pandemonium a terrorist group could cause if they had their hands on a zombie hive. ZORT people refer to illegal Z-virus products as Z-tech or Z-technology. Later on I’ll share some PSA information about the terrorist-induced zombie incident in west Iraq, which I ordered a company level ZORT response to in 2004. 
In later PSAs, I’ll continue to share more of what I know about zombie hives, Z-tech, and zombie outbreak survival. 
Q: In Part III of your outbreak incident report, Lt. Martin stated that GySgt Ricks recommended a nuclear drop to contain the zombie outbreak. Would the government really nuke a city to contain a zombie outbreak and if so, why didn’t they nuke that Romanian city as a response from the start? Why waste time with containment if you can use nukes?
A: Yes, the US government would nuke a city to contain a zombie outbreak and this has been done before—it’s even been done in the US. Most recently, the Chinese had to resort to nuclear containment of a zombie outbreak. The Russian government had a recent outbreak covered up with a nuclear strike. Do a Google search for “secret Chinese” or “Russian nuclear tests” and in several of these cases, a zombie outbreak was contained by a nuclear detonation while the news reports simply suggest some sort of reactor accident. Some reports mention “nuclear tests.” Nuclear detonations worldwide are immediately noticed by satellites and geological measuring devices—they are hard to hide, but the reasons for the detonations are often hidden.
In zombie outbreaks of higher levels, where there is a heightened potential for loss of containment and strong potential for additional pandemic spreading, US government protocols allow for nuclear containment measures.
So if a small town in Iowa has a zombie outbreak… Let’s say this zombie outbreak is not piggybacking a deadly pandemic flu outbreak. It’s just a run of the mill zombie outbreak—kind of sort of like the zombie outbreak depicted in the 2010 movie, The Crazies. The CDC would become aware of the outbreak when key medical responders enter their reports into the CDC’s online systems, which are required at all medical facilities. The CDC would then contact local authorities and offer guidance on containment. If the outbreak is very small and the locals contain it, the CDC will usually ask the Medical Examiner’s office to send samples to the CDC including whole bodies and other tissue samples.
If the locals have any difficulty containing the outbreak, the CDC will contact a regional ZORT commander, like me, and order us to the location. Inside the US, ZORT members will work to contain the outbreak and report back to the CDC. If the ZORT responders request military assistance, usually reserved for a major outbreak, the CDC will order a military outbreak response. Zombie outbreaks requiring military response have happened before in the US—most recently in El Paso, Los Angeles, Detroit, and in Spearfish, South Dakota. US Military outbreak response teams also mobilized recently to fight a zombie outbreak following the 2010 Haiti Earthquake. Do a Google search for Haiti Earthquake Zombie Outbreak.
US military zombie outbreak responders have never failed to contain an outbreak, but if the outbreak was unnatural, perhaps caused by terrorists using illegal Z-tech (artificially manufactured strains of Z-virus), military responders can request a nuclear containment on a US city and on almost any city in the world outside of Russian, China, North Korea, and most Arab countries.
US zombie outbreak protocols in a pandemic zombie outbreak, are negotiated by the WHO (World Health Organization), the United Nations, and by each country that agreed and signed the secret 1982 Auckland Treaty for Pandemic Zombie Outbreaks (don’t bother Googling this; you won’t find it). I don’t need to tell you which countries have refused to sign this treaty.
In the treaty, governments agreed that the US and its CDC and the UN would receive funding for global pandemic outbreak responses and each nation agreed to nuclear containment contingencies in the case of pandemic zombie outbreaks. Nuclear containment is a last resort. Nations should report all outbreaks to the WHO and CDC.
Military outbreak response teams can be mobilized on a moment’s notice, and agreeing nations allow military containment to use full and extreme force, weapons, and actions as necessary to prevent a global pandemic zombie outbreak and to prevent terrorists and non-treatied nations from manufacturing, acquiring, and/or using Z-tech.
When a country calls and requests a military containment to an outbreak, they want to save as many people as possible and also preserve cities, homes, buildings, and natural resources. If the military strategy in every outbreak was to nuke the city, we wouldn’t expect very many countries to make the phone call—thereby their reluctance to make that phone call increases the potential for a global pandemic zombie outbreak.
This would be like you seeing a filthy bug or a roach in your home and then calling the exterminator and then when the exterminator shows up, they then burn your house to the ground. This would definitely kill a few pests in your home, but it’s a rather extreme extermination tactic and it’s very likely to make most homeowners wait until the last possible second before making that phone call if they ever make it. By using extreme measures, we would actually promote bigger outbreaks.
So nuking a city is the last resort reserved for worst-case scenarios. Nukes definitely contain outbreaks, but then the city would have been destroyed (a loss of billions of dollars) and uninhabitable for years after such a containment measure. The best military response is to preserve as much of the city and people as possible while ensuring the eradication of the Z-virus and all Z-tech.
Q: I’m confused. Your outbreak incident described a “zombie hive.” I don’t get it. What is or how or where does a zombie hive come from?
A: You may think that a zombie apocalypse is the sign of the times, the end of the world. I have experience dealing with zombie outbreaks and this gives me some confidence that even a pandemic zombie outbreak may not completely end the world. Of course, a pandemic zombie outbreak means the world is swirling around the crapper and sinking fast, but humanity has a toughness and resiliency that suggests we can rebuild and rebound from some of the worst catastrophes that you can imagine. We have rebounded as a species many times before.
A pandemic zombie outbreak piggybacking after some other deadly pandemic viral outbreak is certainly a very bad thing, but some people will survive. The odds that the entire world’s population of humans could be wiped out by a pandemic event are astronomically and statistically, infinitely small. Viral pandemic outbreaks are certainly extinction level events (ELE), but there are just too many people in the world for ALL of us to die in a short pandemic event. A whole lot of us would die, but not ALL of us.
However, if a zombie outbreak goes uncontained long enough following some other deadly pandemic outbreak and zombie hives have a chance to manifest, then we are in a full-blown World War Z, a zombie pandemonium. If illegal Z-tech gets into the wrong hands and they use it outside of a pandemic outbreak like the flu, things could still get pretty nasty pretty quick. We would survive, but we may have to go to war to survive. 
When I say we have to fight zombies and be ready to go to war, I’m really talking about advanced stages of the Z-virus. In my last few PSAs, I described how an illegal biological weapons manufacturing facility created Z-tech (Z-virus and/or zombies and/or hive material) and tried to create a zombie hive for its own study, research, or terrorist actions…who knows?
The facility created a zombie hive and this hive broke out and attempted to move. A zombie hive is a massive collective of advanced biological Z-virus intelligence. After more than 50 years of research at Harvard and Texas A&M, here is what we know in summary.
Your regular stumbling bumbling biting and shrieking zombies are the first wave of a Z-virus war. Z-virus intends to spread and take over all life on the planet. It can do this, but to do it takes time and it has to mutate significantly to accomplish its goal. The routine mindless zombie you see chasing people and biting and infecting people is the first stage mutation of the Z-virus—the first wave of the invasion. As the Z-virus continues to spread, it continues to mutate. It produces much more bizarre and intelligent zombies in subsequent invasion waves. Continued mutations can result in a zombie hive. The Texas A&M Health Sciences zombie researchers and scientists determined that there are a wide number of ways to produce a zombie hive.
If someone traps a large number of advanced stage zombies in a confined place, they will start to feed on each other, causing mutations and eventually becoming a small hive in a short time. If this hive cannot escape, then it will die. It’s as if the Z-virus is aware that it has run out of people to infect, so it must radically mutate in order to survive. This is the most common way to produce a zombie hive in a laboratory.
Every zombie hive outbreak incident I am aware of started this way. Zombie hives are like enormous brains. They emit signals similar to brain waves, which can be detected with sensitive electronic equipment. These waves are like radio signals to advanced zombies and zombie mutants. In some rare cases, zombie hives can actually control non-infected people. One way to fight and/or contain a hive is to jam the frequencies—I’ll tell you more about this later. As the combined intelligence of the Z-virus and its human and animal hosts becomes one intelligence, you can see how something like this can be extremely deadly to the world and mainly to people and quite difficult to contain if it escapes.
I mentioned all this to an audience at a conference over the weekend and one audience member said this all sounds like Aliens and another said it all sounds like the Resident Evil video games and movies. Maybe so. The creatures in the Alien movies were a type of bio-weapon. The fictional aliens were part of some collective hive where the center of the hive was always some sort of alien egg-laying queen. The aliens needed human hosts to propagate and the aliens were a lot more intelligent as a hive than humans seemed to expect. 
That’s also a lot like ant and termite colonies and bee hives. Zombies do not have queens. Once a hive is created, it acts more like a computer server or a central intelligence hub, but not like a queen at all. If there is more than one zombie hive, then the combined intelligence and threat increases exponentially just like if you connect a bunch of servers together to form a world-wide-web. That’s what the Z-virus wants to do, mutate, build, create, collaborate, and spread.
There are zombie hives in Resident Evil, and the game designers have a sense of what zombies and zombie hives can really do because they consult with other zombie experts like me, but the games and the movies really exaggerate the way a zombie hive works. 
The games and movies show a zombie intelligence that seeks to mimic human life. The zombies in the game are super intelligent and bent on world conquest and tend to look like a people, act like people, collect cash and riches, and operate machines, and build things like people do, at least until they need to attack. Perhaps some radical mad scientist or immoral corporation created the Resident Evil zombie virus because they thought it would purify humanity or it would make some humans super human perhaps as a type of military weapon. I am aware that there are terrorist groups out there who want to get their hands on Z-tech for the ideological purpose of bringing on the end of the world and purging humanity of its impurities. I think the Z-virus can do that.
I’m also aware that researchers here in the US have studied military applications for Z-virus, but probably not quite like in the video games or as portrayed in Hollywood. Our researchers have developed certain weapons like anti-Z-virus, a virus that attacks Z-virus. Another military application uses soldiers enhanced with advanced stage Z-virus in a way that makes them not only immune, but also stronger, faster, smarter, and more resilient to the adverse nature of intense combat. During a zombie apocalypse, the military will enlist a number of soldiers to receive these enhancements and then send them out to help reestablish order from the chaos.  
Fighting zombie hives is a nightmare. However, today’s Zombie fighters have a few things working in their favor. For one thing, we have weapons. No Z-virus hive experiments have ever shown the Z-virus to mutate into zombies that can do more than carry and use basic weapons. A higher level zombie can fire a gun, but not much more than that. Zombies, even the most advanced zombies cannot create weapons. Advanced zombies won’t pilot a plane or build a booby-trap or pull the pin on a hand grenade and then throw it. The Z-virus is purely biological and tends to ignore and not take advantage of human technology such as vehicles, computers, electrical grids, and weapons.
I am aware of a report that during an advanced zombie outbreak in a secret Chinese military missile depot, a series of advanced zombies got into the missile control room and launched several missiles by pushing the correct sequence of buttons. It’s worth noting that these zombies were the previous missile control personnel who were operating the depot and were infected and became advance stage zombies during that outbreak. The Chinese deactivated the remotely and the inactive missiles crashed into farming areas.
Side Note: That outbreak incident was back in the 80s when the Chinese actually tried to use zombies to guard some of their secret facilities. They had a strange notion that they could control zombies by attaching electric stimulation devices to their heads and into their brains. 
They also tried to create zombie factory workers using the same brain stimulating devices. I heard someone recently discuss the potential to create factories in foreign countries like in Burma or Sudan using zombies as factory workers with nanotechnology helping to control the zombie. 
There are plenty of rich idiots in the world with nothing better to do…always looking for the cheapest labor. A positive side result of these experiments found a potential for nanotech to be used to inoculate people against the Z-virus. I like this—taking the Z-War fight down to the microscopic level!
Almost all the documented zombie hive outbreaks in the last 10 years were the result of experimentation—some experiment with zombies to find a cure, to develop a vaccine, and some rare experiments try to create super zombies that can be controlled for military and other purposes.
People can be exceptional mindless drones, so I’m not sure what logic there is in creating difficult to manage, infectious zombie drones, especially when mindless people are so abundant and come pre-loaded with pretty decent hardware and software and very low potential to escape their facilities and take over the world. 
Several global business conglomerates have clauses in their international agreements that prohibit using zombies and other immoral labor practices…take a look at some international child labor, slave labor, and animal labor business restrictions (South Africa) if you get a chance and keep a look out for the words like “other artificially produced” or “unnaturally acquired” labor sources, in their codes of conduct. By the way, take a look at your own company’s zombie outbreak protocols. Look for any sort of policy related to pandemic events and continuing operations. Most city governments, schools, and large mega-companies have policies like these and some of them post their policies online.
New Jersey State Government: http://www.nj.gov/health/flu/documents/module5.pdf
AliTek: http://www.alitek.com/AliTek___s_Rapid_Deployment_Pandemic_Plan.pdf
Q: I played the Resident Evil games this weekend. Are you saying the mutant zombies in these games are possible? How is this possible?
A: Let’s start with the definition of mutant. A biological mutant is merely different from its ancestors/predecessors. So all life is mutated life. People today are advanced mutants of the people who were on this planet 100,000 years ago. Even when the mutations are not as obvious to see with the eyes, you can bet that mutations occur all the way down to the microscopic level in all organisms, large and small. My own kids are all taller than I am. They are mutants. Mutations are necessary for survival. That’s the essence of life—mutate or die. My own kids are much more resistant to some viral and biological threats than I am.
With any virus there is some chance that infected populations will develop internal and natural autoimmune defenses against the virus over time. As the human body comes in contact with Z-virus and other contagions, the human body itself starts to mutate or evolve to better fight the contagion. A successful virus will mutate and evolve faster than the human body can match. The Z-virus mutates, adapts, and overcomes biological obstacles better than most viruses.
Scientists working in disease control keep track of a variety of factors in any viral outbreak. Among the many statistical analyses are: infectious period—how long an infected person is contagious; rate of transmission—how many people can become infected through contact with one infected person (also called R-rate, reproduction rate); death rate—how many infected people will die and how long it takes them to die once they are infected; vaccine production time—the rate and chance of developing and testing a viable vaccine; and rate of mutations—how quickly the contagion mutates compared to the average rate the human body can create its own defenses. This is why you have to get annual flu shots. This year’s strain of the flu has mutated since last year’s strain. Old flu vaccines stop working. There is often no one-and-done vaccine.
You can read about outbreak rates with HIV, SARS, and West Nile at the CDC’s and the WHO’s websites. You can also see how they are tracking the continued, albeit slow and increasingly deadly, mutations of the Swine Flu and other pandemic potentials.
Swine Flu CDC: http://www.cdc.gov/h1n1flu/qa.htm
Z-virus is known to have the highest adverse rates of most known viral potentials along with a very low human resistance and no potential for delivering a vaccine fast enough. With Z-virus, Harvard breakout model researchers have argued that a vaccination response to a pandemic Z-virus outbreak would be a waste of time and money. They theorize that allowing a zombie outbreak to run its course is the best recourse. I disagree with this kind of science that forgets to factor in the human will to fight and survive. Ah well, that’s why scientists are NOT in charge of the world.
While everyone always pays attention to human viral outbreaks, you have to at least also take a look at animal viral outbreaks to get a sense of what these little killing machines can do. Take a look at Nipah and Mad Cow. West Nile is also transmitted from animals to humans typically through mosquitoes. 
Mad Cow: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs113/en/
Nipah: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs262/en/
West Nile: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs354/en/
HIV: http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs360/en/index.html
Recent News: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/9106270/Mystery-virus-kills-thousands-of-lambs.html
One more… Google the fungal virus thought to be responsible for decimating frog populations worldwide: http://www.savethefrogs.com/threats/chytrid/
The DNA sequences of Z-virus are different from the DNA sequences of all known life-forms on this planet. Unlike all other viruses, Z-virus breaks into other DNA codes and then rewrites them with zombie code, reprogramming the host. The ultimate threat is a completely zombified world. 
When I imagine this, I imagine a world filled with grotesque shifting masses of living polymorphs connected to a singular zombie hive collective. It’s a world where every life-form, all plants, animals, sea creatures, and even microorganisms become twisted versions of life similar to the creatures from John Carpenter’s The Thing movie. Uncontained Z-virus outbreaks can eventually assimilate multiple organisms into one zombified life-form, one massive global unnatural biological viral creature.
So Z-virus will mutate quickly and seek to continue its full attack on all life on this world by prolonging its own life, for starters, and it can do this by keeping an infected human mobile and alive (technically, the walking dead) for as long as possible. By continuing to infect and spread, it continues to mutate and evolve.
In my own experiences, we did not encounter mutated zombies that looked like the creatures in the Resident Evil movies or video games. These gun-toting super-zombies are exaggerated purely for dramatic effect. In a video game, it’s definitely a lot more fun to fight zombies that can shoot, pilot vehicles, and think like humans.
The mutants we encountered on our zombie response teams were only mildly mutated people and animals—dogs, cats, horses and I have to agree with Lt. Martin, zombie cats are the worst of all. Still, these were low-level mutated zombies that were produced by a relatively short-lived hive. The zombie mutants we saw in 2005 at the Guantanamo Bay labs were advanced mutants created from a hive that had been alive in a lab for nearly 15 years. These mutants were very much like the creatures in The Thing, except they never pretended to be human. These mutant zombies mutated for suitability to the environment they were in—some mutated into swimming things, crawling things, snake-like things, and twisted flapping flying things.
When talking about extinction level events, typically the discussions revolve around what happened to the dinosaurs, or the possibility of a gamma ray burst, or something else like a massive volcanic event. None of these events is like a pandemic zombie outbreak. None of these events rewrites DNA codes. In this way, a Z-virus outbreak is a lot like an alien invasion.
A zombie apocalypse is the ultimate extinction level event that could ever happen. This is why the biggest threat to life on Earth compared to any other potential extinction level event is a pandemic virus outbreak combined with a pandemic zombie outbreak. You can watch a number of TV shows like 2006’s Countdown to Doomsday and see why a pandemic global outbreak always ranks as the number one threat to humanity.
Extinction Level Events: http://www.armageddononline.org/
The US maintains a secret zombie hive testing facility connected to the terrorist prison facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and another Z-tech testing facility in Adak, Alaska. I am aware of a few other Z-virus testing facilities in remote locations worldwide, co-sponsored by the US. I’m also aware of several illegal facilities around the world, perhaps the largest of which is in India where I honestly expect the no-shit zombie apocalypse to start. You know someone is testing Z-tech because the info about what Z-tech can and cannot do always ends up on the internet.
Before troops landed in Iraq in 2003, one of the first targets US forces destroyed were two Z-virus test facilities constructed by Saddam Hussein’s regime. Coalition forces dropped the largest fuel air explosives ever used in peace or war on those two facilities to prevent anything living or otherwise from escaping the destruction. Small localized nukes were authorized, but not used.
Just keep in mind that the first sign of Z-virus mutations is when you see zombies acting atypical. If you are in a zombie outbreak and you see a zombie doing something unusual, like hiding, or throwing something, or playing dead, or not chasing something to bite when other zombies are chasing it, then it is your duty to kill that zombie immediately. A zombie that can’t seem to escape a bathroom because it can’t figure out how to pull the door inward to open it, is nowhere near as threatening as a zombie that can open doors and climb ladders and ropes and can run away from danger. These will be the first mutations of many more to come if you don’t kill them fast and with great impunity.
Ottawa University Zombie Studies: http://purplejunction.com/2009/08/18/carleton-and-ottawa-university-world-leading-research-on-zombie-plagues/
The mathematical modelling of a zombie outbreak: http://mysite.science.uottawa.ca/rsmith43/Zombies.pdf
Q: I don’t understand how the zombie people at the evacuation site could talk. What did they want, what were they trying to do?
A: To answer this question first requires a look back at more information than is in my notes of Lt. Martin’s debrief. We know that the illegal Z-virus facility worked to produce Z-tech to include hives. With a few hundred thousand dollars, a crafty science team could convert a section of a milk producing factory into a Z-virus factory. With that small investment, the team of scientists could make more than a billion dollars on the underground black market, best case scenario, if they know what they are doing, with a little luck, and if all goes well long enough.
Since the DOD terminated my access to the records and documents before the ORB completed its investigation of the matter, I’d have to make some assumptions based solely on what I heard and can guess from previous international incidents that are not much different from this one. My first guess is that the people responsible for the facility losing containment of its hive were thieves. If you’re not rich enough to buy Z-tech and you’re not smart enough to make Z-tech, then stealing Z-tech is the last option. 
Thieves attacked the illegal bioweapons facility and attempted to steal some illegal biotech. The problem is that these thieves underestimated the biotech they were after. You have to appreciate that a Z-virus hive understands its environment. It understands that it is captive and it has limited potential to spread. It knows this because it senses people’s thoughts and pheromones and it just flat out knows more than you might think. A hive isn’t some sort of fungus growing in a culture dish. It’s an active living thing that does not intend to remain captive. There’s even been some discussion and tests that show on some level even hives that are several 1000s of miles apart in facilities in different countries are aware of each other. Hives want to escape and then synchronize and connect with other hives to form a stronger collective. 
Unsophisticated thieves attempting to steal very sophisticated biotech from illegal bioweapons facilities caused most of the zombie outbreaks in the last decade or two that required ZORT military responses. When thieves break into a Z-tech facility, they compromise the sophisticated security that’s required to maintain, research, test, and study zombie hives. By compromising this very sophisticated security, thieves give a hive just the chance it was waiting for to escape. 
If the thieves do not understand zombie hives and I know they don’t, then the thieves simply become tools in the hive’s escape. Without brain wave cancelling technology, scientists working on zombie hives become easily susceptible to hive mind control. Would a bio-thief know all this and take precautions? What if they plan and calibrate for a specific brainwave frequency needed to suppress a hive’s human mind control and they’re off by a tenth of a megahertz?
In incident #83-2005, the zombie outbreak started when bio-thieves compromised the facility. A small band of part-time scientists and part-time thieves attempted to steal Z-tech. It appears the Z-tech they were after included samples of weaponizable zombie biomatter. It doesn’t look like they were prepared to deal with a zombie hive. Without the right protective equipment, the small band of thieves likely experienced a number of cascading problems in their plan. 
They killed guards and disabled warning systems. They then disabled the computer-managed containment protocols, leaving a number of test areas unlocked and opened. Zombies used for testing escaped containment and then worked to free the hive. In a matter of minutes, the facility was in a full chaotic panic. Eventually the zombies made it to the outside of the facility and began infecting the general public nearby. The thieves who started this became caught up in the pandemonium that ensued. 
When we first saw the four people attempting to get our attention in the middle of our evacuation from the pressing zombie horde, we thought it was odd that they seemed unphased by the carnage around them. They walked through the horde as if it was a walk in the park with a very small dog. As they got closer, the two scientists seemed to be entranced. They were mostly unresponsive to our questions. We had seen this before, so we suspected some sort of zombie mind control was at play. It turns out the two scientists were the only survivors from the original band of thieves that attempted to steal Z-tech from the facility. 
The zombie people were test zombies, high level mutant zombies from the facility. The zombie hive knew it might not survive the fight, so it sent two zombies forward to attempt to pretend either to be human and escape or to convince us to show sympathy for them and take them with us. The two zombies certainly were using a bit of mind control on us, to try to get us to buy one angle or the other, but we didn’t buy it thanks to our training. None of us were fooled into buying what that hive was selling. We had seen it all before. 
 Mutant zombies are carriers of the mutant hive Z-virus strain. If those mutant zombies could survive what was coming next, then the hive could survive. Hives want to survive. In a way, the hive from the facility did survive in several ways. First of all, Lt. Martin brought back the zombie woman’s head and a few other samples in hot boxes. As far as I know that talking zombie’s head is currently still alive and being studied at Texas A&M today. Second, Corporal Newalski returned with us to the ship and there, decon teams identified him as fully contaminated and infected from the woman zombie’s body fluids. It’s likely that Newalski died and reanimated as a mutant zombie some time shortly after the team returned. I was never told what became of him; however, ZORT and CDC protocols dictate that a zombie of that stage and nature resulting from the infection of a ZORT member requires delivery of the specimen to Texas A&M for further study. I did not have the classified clearance for permission to know the disposition of Newalski because of my retirement. 
So in this way, the hive from the Level V outbreak in Miercurea-Ciuc, Romania did in fact escape and survive and lives today in College Station, Texas at the Texas A&M Health Sciences Laboratory. Did the hive get what it wanted? Did the hive manipulate a few highly trained responders to get something better than total eradication? I guess that depends on how you look at it. I happen to see it as the team contained an outbreak and retrieved vital information and samples that are being studied today in a much more secure location than before. The hive went from minimum security to maximum lockdown. I don’t believe that’s what it wanted, but it does know this is better than being destroyed completely.
In a zombie apocalypse, you can expect mutant zombies and some of those mutant zombies can control your mind, some can talk, and some of those mutant zombies can pass for humans. With proper training, you can know what to look for and you can easily detect these zombies every time. Remember, a zombie is just a life-support system for the Z-virus and mutant level zombies are just life-support systems for hive level mutated Z-virus.        

{Return to Beginning}

Afterword

In my next PSAs, I plan to share some of my best zombie outbreak survival rules and later you’ll have a chance to take my test to see if my PSAs have increased your chances of surviving a pandemic zombie outbreak.
Here is one of my rules:
Zombie Apocalypse Survival Rule #1: I must survive. Nobody’s survival is more important than my own. I will only help other survivors if my survival is assured and their survival will increase my chances of surviving.
I’ll share more about my rules in my next PSAs. Please stay tuned.
Sample Test Questions:
In a zombie apocalypse, who is the most valuable person to form an alliance with?
a. A man, because all men are superior.
b. A survival bad-ass, because bad-asses will increase your survivability.
c. A woman, because well you know…
d. A doctor, because they can care for sick people and help you find a cure.
e. None of these, because zombies are not real.

A zombie bit one of the members of your team in the last melee. What should you do?
a. Wait and see if she turns into a zombie.
b. Kill her now and redistribute her shit.
c. Chop off the part of her body with the bite.
d. Make her drink 4 gallons of salt water.
e. None of these, because zombies are not real.
If you are not sure of the correct answers, then you need to keep reading my PSAs. Thank you for reading. Remember, surviving a zombie apocalypse is tough, but it’s tougher if you’re a fucking idiot.

{Return to Beginning}

Dedication

This work is dedicated the hard-charging Marines of the Texas A&M MECEP Platoon with that gleam in their eyes and that twisted smile on their faces as they rush forward into the battle pushing wheel-barrels, squeaking and overloaded with their big brass balls, fearing nothing and killing everything in their way. 
10/26/2015

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please leave positive reviews with your favorite eBook retailers. 
Van Allen 

About the Author

Van Allen is a real person. I'm a former Captain in the US Marines. In my 21-year military career, I developed expertise in both combat training and criminal investigations. While in the Marines, I also completed a bachelor's degree in Psychology from Texas A&M University and a Masters in Psychology from The Chicago School of Professional Psychology. Originally from Houston, Texas and currently residing in Frisco, Texas, I fancy myself a secret physics, statistics, and data nerd. I'm also known today for being a part-time tennis strategy and coaching genius…by my kids…sometimes. If you ever want to talk more about zombies and what’s real and what’s not, drop me a line.
 
www.VanAllenFiction.com
vanallenfiction@aol.com

{Return to Beginning}


