Zombies & Other Unpleasant Things
A collection of somewhat disturbing tales scribed by
William Bebb
Copy editor Monty 'Danger' Hyman
Cover graphic artist Hadden Smith IV

The following collection of relatively tasteless tales is dedicated to all the nightmares that have ruined many nights of peaceful slumber and often made it impossible to go back to sleep.

This anthology of stories is a Hands on Productions & Publication, copyright 2013. All rights reserved. Any distribution of this anthology without the expressed written permission of the author is illegal, rude, crude, and subject to U.S. and international laws that don’t include decapitation of violators, but should. These tales are purely a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents described are solely the result of the author's overactive imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarities to actual real companies, products, events or people; living or dead or undead, is a coincidence. So don’t get your panties in a wad if you see a name you recognize and find it offensive; it’s just a coincidence.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

handsonpp@aol.com
You can visit the Hands On Productions & Publications website for updates and more information at www.sites.google.com/site/hoppublications

Other works of fine literature by this author include
Valley of Death, Zombie Trailer Park (Keck)
Zombies of All Hallows Evil (Keck)
What the Keck!? Zombies of the Caribbean (Keck)

Chronicles of the Undead, Volume One: The Emperor of Bayonne Prison
The Tiniest Invaders; Book One, Coexistence
The Tiniest Invaders; Book Two, The Meandering Menace

Upcoming Novels:
Chronicles of the Undead Book II; Twisto's Town (Expected by Spring 2014)
The Tiniest Invaders; Book III Conclusion (2014)
KECK Legacy (Coming eventually)


PREFACE & VARIOUS OBLIGATORY WARNINGS

Hi.
It shouldn't need to be mentioned, but I get so many goofy reviews and emails from readers who complain that my writings are gross and disgusting that I thought it might be worth addressing what I write about yet again. I do not create stories about puppies chasing butterflies around a sunny meadow or anything else sweet, warm, and fuzzy. Granted, I sometimes do enjoy reading stories like that, but they are not contained herein.
Stories about the undead tend to be messy, violent, and yes even a tad gross on occasion. Someday, when I'm through with my blood and guts obsession, I may try and write a warm fuzzy zombie tale. But I assure you this collection contains nothing like that.

Why short stories?
Perhaps it’s because I'm a masochist. My writing style tends to meander and trudge along wherever the characters take the story. So, sometimes this necessitates a very long 'short story', such as The Fall of Bayonne Prison. With a little more work (Okay, a lot more) it could probably have been made into a full-length novel all by itself. But for a variety of reasons I chose not to do that.
Is it still a short story, a novella or a novelette?
I don't know, but I like it and hope you will as well.

The rest of the stories are truly 'short', for the most part, and the majority do not involve the undead at all; hence the title “& Other Unpleasant Things” but I like them all quite a bit.

A LAST WARNING REGARDING MY ILLITERACY
Please don’t bother reading any further if bad grammar is a pet peeve of yours.
Perhaps someday I will be able to afford a full time staff of copy editors whose sole function (in their pathetic persnickety excuses for lives) is to place commas in every location where needed in my stories, excise extraneous ones, and fix my great many grammatical errors, but sadly that day has not yet arrived.
(Woe is me)

Contents
The_Fall_of_Bayonne
Waking_at_2:47_AM
Disgusting_Campfire_Tales
Southwestern_Road_Trip
Fortunate_Cookie
Chef's_Surprise

Story_Notes
Giving_Thanks
Sneak peek This is one of my favorite scenes from – The Emperor of Bayonne Prison


The Fall of Bayonne
(Approximately one year prior to the events portrayed in Chronicles of the Undead; The Emperor of Bayonne Prison)

The warden's office was crowded with every commanding officer at Bayonne Correctional Facility in attendance. It was standing room only as they listened to Warden Michael Massengail's sometimes rambling speech. With the exception of Commandant Lazarde, all the officers were standing in a large semicircle near the walls. The middle-aged commandant was seated in a high backed chair across from the warden and occasionally nodded while appearing to listen to Massengail's long and sometimes contradictory address.
The warden was sweating in spite of the quite cool air conditioned temperature in his office. He was appointed warden by his uncle when he was elected Governor of the great state of Louisiana three years earlier. Up until recently it had seemed like a nice comfortable job that required very little intelligence; something Massengail had never been blessed with an abundance of. When it came to handling occasional problems with the inmates or guards he always could rely on the commandant, who had a knack for walking tall and hitting hard.
Wiping sweat from his forehead with a damp handkerchief, he sipped some water and continued speaking. “You men are supervisors and need to start taking your responsibilities more seriously. The number of guards not reporting to work has increased to unacceptably high levels. You men need to get your subordinate's asses back here. We can't keep all the prisoners in lock down indefinitely. It's just not right.
I've spoken to the governor and assured him we can handle things without the National Guard getting involved here, because I know we can do it. I realize all of you are capable and dedicated to your careers of keeping these men locked up, but that's simply not enough.
If necessary, I will call the Sheriff's Office and the District Attorney first thing tomorrow and have arrest warrants written up for your absent guards. It may be unorthodox, but under the Governor's Emergency Martial Law provisions I can have it done. I checked with my uncle… uhm that is… the governor just a few hours ago and he confirmed I can do that.
When you leave this meeting, all of you need to make your people understand if they don't come into work they will end up locked up in one of our cells. Am I clear on that?”

When the assembled supervisors all answered that they understood, Commandant Lazarde was snapped out of his plans of driving down to the coast after this pointless meeting. His wife and children had already left with enough food and supplies to stock his sailboat for several months at sea.
He hadn't decided where they would go yet but until things calmed down and the unprecedented number of violent outbreaks, mass murders, and all the crazy rumors of people in various places going unaccountably insane and attacking others stopped he would trade his commandant's cap for his skipper's hat and hit the high seas.

After his address, the warden dismissed everyone except Lazarde and Captain LaShod. He waited until the three of them were alone before pulling a bottle of scotch out of his desk. He poured three shot glasses halfway and stood up saying, “Gentlemen, would you join me in a toast?”
Lazarde stood and took one of the glasses, while LaShod picked up the last one. They looked at the warden and waited.
Massengail stared at the amber colored liquid in his glass for a few moments and then at both men before saying, “I was never cut out to be a warden. You both know that if it weren’t for my uncle’s connections I’d probably still be an accountant in New Orleans.” He sighed and closed his eyes before resuming. “But I am the warden and it’s my job to keep these men locked up. It’s your jobs to help me do mine. So, I offer this toast to our holding the line, duty, stability, and a return to sanity.”
LaShod and the commandant raised their glasses. All three were clinked softly together and both men said, “Hear hear,” before drinking.

The warden swallowed his drink and gazed out the window beyond the cell block buildings and down at the squat Death Row structure near the deserted athletics field.
Commandant Lazarde glanced quickly at his wristwatch and worried about how bad traffic would be driving down to the coast, while LaShod only watched the warden expectantly.
“The execution is still going to happen this afternoon,” the warden announced after several seconds spent leaning against the wall while continuing to stare down at Death Row. He coughed and continued. “Relatives of that poor murdered girl have been calling every day for the last week, worried that it would be postponed again because of the riots or something equally stupid.
This morning they called from Bixby, less than fifty miles away, and said they'd be coming down this afternoon. I don't want to hear either of you bitch or complain about not having enough manpower for this execution either.
If that girl's family can travel all the way from Baton Rouge to watch that giant sack of shit die, I won't deny them the satisfaction of witnessing that.”
LaShod cleared his throat and said, “We'll have to pull at least one guard from each of the cell blocks for the execution, but we'll put on a hell of a show for them. The only hitch is Dr. Hagan won't be able to attend. All of the infirmary and psychiatric ward's support staff have stopped coming in to work. He's running the show down there pretty much by himself. But don't worry, I think we can slip a lab coat on one of the guards at the execution and no one will know the difference.”
“Does Hagan need someone to be assigned there, perhaps one of the guards?” The warden asked.
Captain LaShod looked over at the commandant but he seemed not to be paying attention to the conversation. He cleared his throat and said, “A guard already swings by every hour to check on things and give him a break. So I guess he's doing okay, just exhausted like all of us.”

The commandant nodded as if he were listening while staring at the globe of the earth set on the corner of the warden's desk. His thoughts were in fact very far from Bayonne.
Bermuda shouldn't be too bad. Hurricane season's just about over. With fair winds we could be there in less than a week. All we have to do is find a nice remote island and drop anchor. Then I can sit back and work on my tan while the kids build sandcastles and hunt for seashells.

“Lazarde... are you paying attention?” The warden asked breaking the commandant out of his thoughts of tropical blue skies and sunshine.
He nodded and said, “Yes sir. The execution shouldn't be any problem.”
“You will be attending, correct?” The warden asked in a way that definitely sounded more like an order than a question.
Lazarde glanced at his watch before saying, “Of course I will, but I need to run a few errands first. I'm afraid my wife is taking all these televised reports of rioting in the cities a little too seriously. You know how silly women can be.” He laughed awkwardly and then added, “Don't worry, warden, I wouldn't miss seeing Maurice Grenauld get what he's so richly earned. Although if he got what he truly deserved we'd take him out back and drop him over the south wall for the gators to eat.”
The warden smiled at the thought and said, “We'd probably get letters from some animal rights nuts complaining about how we were mistreating the alligators by feeding them shit.”
The commandant and captain laughed appreciatively before the warden sent them off to take care of their various duties.

Captain LaShod had the commandant sign the papers needed for reassignment of the extra guards from the cell blocks for the execution before he could leave the administration building. He noticed his boss seemed to be an awful hurry and followed him out to the front steps and watched him walk quickly over to his Mercedes located in its assigned parking space right next to the warden's old Dodge. He shook his head and thought about the warden's messy divorce that happened the previous year. Poor guy. I guess she must have cleaned him out. Heck, even my Subaru is newer than the warden's car.
The number of vehicles was only a fifth of what usually filled the lot between the administration building and combination library and inmate visitors center. Even with visitation hours having been indefinitely canceled, the great many empty spaces were hard not to notice.
He glanced over at the collection of five story dark gray cell block buildings and wondered how many prisoners had noticed just how few guards had come in to work. Of course, all they had to do to notice would be to see that random cell searches hadn't happened for over a week and lock down procedures had been in place for the last three days.

When the klaxon alarms brayed and the amber rotating lights mounted on the mammoth slowly moving gate heralded the commandant's departure, LaShod watched his supervisor driving out very much in excess over the posted speed limit of ten miles per hour.
The young guard standing beside the gate watched the Mercedes leaving with a notable wishful look, as if he knew already what LaShod only strongly suspected; the commandant would most likely never return to Bayonne.
LaShod forced a confident expression on his face and walked across the courtyard. The young man was watching the approaches to the gate with a diligence that the captain wished everyone else had. As the gate loudly began closing once more, LaShod noticed movement coming from near the library building.
The small rechargeable cart was whirring down the handicap ramp with Charles aka Crazy Carl at the wheel. The old black trustee waved cheerfully to the captain as he drove across the nearly deserted parking lot and LaShod only stared back watchfully.
He didn't think Carl was crazy enough to try driving through the closing gate in a cart that could only do maybe fifteen miles per hour, but there was always the chance. If he'd had his way the old man and his assistant in the library would be in lock-down along with the rest of the inmates, but the warden could be a very stupid man sometimes. Although, in LaShod's opinion, delivering books to the inmates seemed beyond stupid; it was borderline insanity.

When the mammoth gate clanged solidly shut, he stopped watching the cart as it continued off toward Cell Block-A to deliver fine literature to the incarcerated. He saw the young guard standing alert, most likely because of his boss' close proximity.
“Those socks you're wearing don't look regulation black,” the captain said, having spotted nothing else to note about the young man’s appearance.
“No sir, I uh... didn't have any more black ones. The laundry's been closed up since the lock down and these are all I had left that were clean.”
“You could have gotten some from home, couldn't you?”
“I haven't been home since last Thursday, back when the warden offered overtime to anyone willing to stay on the grounds until things get back to normal, sir.”
The captain nodded and glanced back at the parking lot before saying, “You must really need the money.”
“No sir. That is, I mean I like the money but until everyone returns to work I just wouldn't feel right about leaving the commandant and you so short handed.”
There was a ring of sincerity in the young man's voice that almost startled LaShod. It was unusual to find a guard of integrity. He nodded and asked, “Your name is Rikert, right?”
He saw the kid nodding and asked, “You started working here, when was it? Last month?”
“Yes sir, well actually, this is my fifth week.”
“How old are you?”
“Sir?”
“I know employers aren't supposed to ask stuff like that but tell me, just between us, how old are you and why did you want to work here of all places?”
The young man nodded and said, “I'll be twenty-five next month. As to why I came here... well, sir, the unemployment agency suggested it. Jobs have been pretty hard to find over the last few years.”
The captain laughed ruefully at that and said, “Yep, they sure have.”
“Sir, um can I ask your opinion about something?”
“Sure.”
“Do you think the commandant will be coming back? I mean, things have been kind of weird lately with all the crazy rumors and I just saw his face as he drove out through the gate. And ... well sir, it looked like he was crying.”
The captain looked up at the flock of geese honking noisily overhead and waited until they'd passed by before saying, “This is just between us Rikert. You got that?” He saw the kid nod and continued. “No, I don't think he's coming back. What's more, I don't think the rioting beyond these walls is going to pass and things will return to normal, at least not anytime soon.”
“Do you think the rumors of some kind of disease or... or whatever it is that's making people go nuts are true?”
He sighed and nodded.
They both stood silently for several seconds before Rikert asked, “What should I do?”
“You seem like a smart kid. Haven't you noticed nearly all the guards who have still been returning to work have also been kind of young? Most of the old timers, like me, have probably already decided things will only get worse and won't be coming back.”
“But... that doesn't make any sense. I mean, well, isn't this probably the safest place to be if trouble breaks out.” He saw the captain roll his eyes and continued. “What I mean is, we've got the guns and the inmates are all locked up tight in their cages except when they go to the cafeteria to eat.
Bayonne is sort of like a castle. You know, like in the middle ages and crap. We're safe in here, right?”
“Wrong. Yeah, Bayonne is a big imposing place, built way back during the 1930s with its forty foot high granite walls. But right now we guards are outnumbered; very badly outnumbered. This place may look like a castle, but if we aren't careful it could easily become our tomb.”
“So, what are you saying? I'm stupid to stay here?”
The captain sighed, shook his head, and said, “You're no more stupid than I am. Which I guess isn't really saying much.” He laughed and shook his head again before adding, “Besides, where would you go if you left? Most of the big cities are going nuts.”
“I'm confused. You say staying is stupid and leaving is crazy. What do suggest?”
The captain looked around to see if anyone was nearby before whispering, “I've chosen a handful of guards I trust with a secret. Can I trust you- no shitting around now- can I trust you to keep my plan quiet?”
Rikert nodded and said, “Yes sir.”
“Your shift's up in forty-five minutes, right?”
“Yes sir. I get half an hour break before I'm supposed to take over guarding the cafeteria.”
“When your relief gets here meet me at the power station building, and don't tell anyone about this. I mean it. This is deadly serious. Do you understand me?”
“Yes sir. I understand. I won't tell anyone.”
“Good, now just act natural and go do your job. I'll see you there.”


“What do you think? You saw Captain Shit Stain, out there by the gate, didn't you?” An inmate with a pencil thin mustache asked loudly as he stood at the bars of his cell’s window.
“Yeah, I saw them. But, how should I know what's going on, Vito? Maybe he wants the kid to suck his dick or something,” the short heavily tattooed Hispanic in the adjoining cell answered.
“Jose, you're so stupid it actually hurts my head. I'm telling you something is up. First there was all that rioting and shit on TV we saw, just before they put us on lock down. And over the last week fewer guards are coming in to work. I'm seriously telling you, something stinks.”
“Have you flushed lately?” Jose asked and laughed at his own deeply appreciated sense of humor.
Vito grunted in disgust and looked down from his third floor cell at the deserted common area below. The stainless steel tables and benches bolted to the concrete floor reflected the overhead lights. It was just as empty as it had been all day, except for the guard who did his quarter hour visual inspection and quickly retreated back down the hallway to the office near the exterior door. Vito wasn't the only inmate that had realized things had changed. For one thing the rules of absolute silence had apparently either been canceled or just forgotten. Cell Block-A was awash with yells, screams, and even an occasional spontaneous profanity laced sing along.

Rumors always flew fast and furious in prisons and Bayonne was certainly no different, although Vito suspected the vast majority were total bullshit.
The most optimistic and fanciful bit of gossip was that Warden Massengail would be letting everyone leave soon because there just weren't enough guards showing up anymore. The proponents of that one even went so far as to say the warden would require an oath to be taken, swearing that the inmates would abide by the law from then on.
On the other end of the spectrum, the most plausible and disturbing rumor suggested the guards and all support personnel were sooner or later just going to leave them to rot in their cells. Vito didn't like that possibility, but was realistic enough to know it was by far the most likely outcome if things didn't get better.

There was a loud clang noise below and most of the inmates quieted a bit and looked down at the common area. There was a soft puttering noise and Bayonne's miniature version of a bookmobile drove inside and stopped in the middle of the floor below.
Vito heard hundreds of his fellow inmates shouting, “Hey, Crazy Carl!” at the old black man who got off the seat of the cart.
The old man waved as if he was being cheered by adoring fans. Vito shook his head and sat back on his bunk.


George was one of the quietest inmates of Cell Block-A, and also probably the most hungry. He stared at the concrete wall across from his bunk and could both feel and hear his stomach loudly rumbling. His ears hurt from all the yelling coming from the prisoners, but most of all from the weird guy screaming almost nonstop in the cell right next to his. George had wads of toilet paper stuffed into both of his ears, but it didn't seem to help very much.
He glanced at the wristwatch that he'd gotten in the mail a few weeks earlier and smiled sadly as he thought about the girl who'd sent it. The young man had read the letter she sent along with it over a hundred times and cried each time.
It was still over an hour before they'd be marched to the cafeteria. He sighed sadly, placed another square of toilet paper in his mouth and chewed at it slowly and meditatively.
Something flashed brightly and he looked over toward the door of his cell.
It was Crazy Carl. He was shining a small flashlight at him through the bars.
George weaved back and forth on the edge of his bunk a few times to build up enough momentum so he could stand up.
He wasn't the fattest prisoner at Bayonne but was definitely in the top ten. His nearly four hundred pound frame arose like an improbable neon orange balloon dressed in his inmate uniform and he just barely caught himself from running into the far wall of his narrow cell. He breathed heavily and yanked a wad of yellow waxy stained tissue from his right ear.
“Book or magazine!?” Crazy Carl shouted to be heard over the continuous yelling, most of which came from the cell next door.
George almost asked which would taste better but instead yelled back, “Do you have anything about art!?”
The old man nodded and went back to the bookmobile. He rummaged around through a few plastic baskets and came back a minute later holding out two magazines. They were just beyond George's reach if he decided to stick his arm through the bars, but he didn't. One magazine had a bright confusing looking splash of different abstract colors on the cover. The other had a painting of Rembrandt's that was so beautiful it made the young man want to cry. He pointed at the old master's work and was handed the magazine.
His eyes felt watery and he couldn't see Crazy Carl too clearly, but shouted something the old man almost never heard from other inmates; “Thank you!”
The old man nodded and continued his rounds to the other cells, although he skipped the ones where the inhabitants were screaming insanely or throwing bits of feces and whatever other nasty things they could get a hold of.

Twenty minutes later he'd finished delivering presents to the all 'good' boys of Cell Block-A. He restarted the cart and waved up at one of the video cameras mounted on the wall to indicate that he was ready for someone to come open the interior door to the hallway leading out. While waiting, he looked over at the Young Blob who apparently liked art.
George was staring intently at a photo on one of the pages in the art magazine. From his vantage point Carl couldn't tell what is was, just that it had a lot of color. He saw the look on the young man's face and could tell in addition to possessing basic manners the kid looked smart- very fat, but smart; and definitely significantly brighter than most of Bayonne Prison's other inhabitants.
When a guard opened the big metal interior door, Carl nodded slightly and drove the puttering cart down the hallway.


Vito watched from the window of his cell as Captain LaShod strolled down the access road toward the power building. It was an odd way for the captain to be walking. Sort of as if he's trying to act nonchalant or something. But, if that's his impression of not looking sneaky I can tell he was never a crook, Vito thought with a sly smirk on his face.
When the captain arrived at the big vault-like door of the power building, Vito wasn't terribly surprised to see the same guard that had been at the main gate waiting for him. LaShod looked around as if he were afraid someone would see and started tapping a keypad beside the odd looking door of the power building.
Vito saw the big door swing open by itself and both the captain and the young guard walked inside. He watched the big door automatically closing and ran a finger along his thin mustache for several seconds before looking down at the book Crazy Carl had loaned him.
The movie had been very cool and he hoped the novel was even half as good.
He looked at the title- The Green Mile, flopped down on his bunk and opened the tattered paperback. I hope it's not gory or gross- just scary like all the other books I've read by him, he thought and began to read.


“How much stuff do you guys have in here?” Rikert asked as they walked down the hallway of the power station building.
“I've had some of the other guards that I trust bringing food here for the last few days. A few cases here, a few there; I don't want anyone to know about this. If things get back to normal I can always put it back in the kitchen pantries, but if things go to shit I want an ace in the hole. Know what I mean?”
“So, it's like a bunker?”
“Exactly. If things start to go bad I'll key my walkie-talkie and say 'jail break'. That's the codeword. Nobody but you, me, and a handful of other guards that I trust, will know what it means. You hear that or if things start falling apart get your ass down here fast.
There are over five thousand dangerous men in this prison. If they ever got out of their cells en masse this power building is going to be our Alamo. Forget about trying to hole up somewhere else and waiting for the cavalry. They ain't coming if things go bad. This building is the strongest and best protected in the whole facility.”
“And it's got a shit load of food.”
The captain nodded and smiled grimly before asking, “You got the door code memorized?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Not good enough. Recite it back to me.”
Rikert went through the numeric code a few times before the captain smiled and nodded. “Okay, just don't forget it and for goodness sake don't do something stupid like writing it down. You understand me?”
“Yes sir, and thanks. I won't let you down.”
The captain looked at his watch and saw that the execution visitors would soon be arriving. “Go do your shift in the cafeteria, and remember to keep your mouth shut about this.”
The young guard saluted and went back outside.
LaShod waited until the large outer door clanged shut again before going into the computer maintenance room.


Charles aka Crazy Carl parked the bookmobile cart in the storage shed built into the side of the library and plugged the battery charger up before tossing the left over magazines and paperback novels into a metal slot that went to the book return desk. He hit the button that activated the roll top door and watched it close all the way before going over to the electronic keypad mounted on the wall.
He entered the access code and there was a soft yet audible click, before he pushed the heavy metal door open and entered the library itself.
On the counter of the book return area he saw a candy wrapper and an open can of soda. Muttering grumpily, he tossed them in a trashcan and looked around for the only possible litter bug; his library aide, Bobby.

Since the head librarian hadn't come in to work for over a week and it had only been Carl and Bobby there was no other suspect, unless some guard had come inside. But as shorthanded as Bayonne had been, the old man really doubted that possibility.
Carl saw the door to the head librarian's office was propped open and caught a faint whiff of burning marijuana as he hurried over. When he yanked the door open he was not surprised to see the young man smoking a joint as he fooled around with the librarian's computer- disappointed but not surprised.

“I thought I told you to quit fooling around with that thing. I'm a trustee. I vouched for you to come help keep the library in order, not to go fooling around and smoking reefer. This ain't no dang Jazz night club, in case you didn't notice,” Carl said, as he angrily crossed over to stand beside Bobby.
The young man shook his head and tapped a few more keys before saying, “We've got problems. Much more serious than smoking a joint and you need to see that. I hacked into the administration servers again and finally managed to break the codes for the email accounts.”
“Boy, you may be the smartest dumb ass I've ever known,” Carl said, picking up the nearly spent joint and tossing it into a cup of coffee. “Do you know what they'll do if they catch you fooling around in there?”
The young man put on an over the top terrified look and whispered, “Oh no, you don’t think they’ll throw me in prison, do you.” Then shook his head and said, “Now just listen to me for a second. Do you have any idea what the governor has told the warden to do?”
“That's none of your business or mine. Now, quit your fooling around and go sort the items in the book return. We've got less than two hours before a guard comes to escort us back to our cells.”
Bobby sighed and turned to look at the old man. “Sit down and let me explain something that you need to know.” He saw Carl about to object and added, “Please. Just give me five minutes.”
Carl looked at the monitors showing the lobby and exterior of the library, but didn't see anyone on the screens.
“Relax, everything's cool. I scrambled the computer access codes to the exterior doors. Not even the warden could get in here right now.”
Carl grunted, sat down in the librarian's high backed office chair, and crossed his arms over his old sunken chest. “You've got five minutes, and then you need to start sorting those returns.”

“The governor has instructed Warden Massengail to...” Bobby started then paused to look at the computer screen before continuing, “And I quote: Begin sanitizing Bayonne's entire inmate population by nine tomorrow morning. A little further down in the email, it says the bodies should be disposed of over the south wall where the alligators will take care of any remaining evidence.’”
Carl sat up on the edge of the chair and stared at the computer screen. He looked over the whole email message again before asking, “When did this come in?”
Bobby clicked a button and said, “According to the receipt notation in the server, this email was delivered about thirty minutes ago and read by the warden twenty minutes later. He then sent a confirmation back with just one word: Understood.
Then Massengail tried to delete it, but like most computer illiterates he thought if it was gone from his computer the file was actually deleted for good. The idiot doesn't understand that copies are kept on the central server until they're manually purged.”
Carl leaned back in the chair and rubbed at his forehead with one hand while slowly stroking his puffy white and gray beard with the other.
Bobby then turned back to the keyboard and started rapidly typing at the computer’s keyboard.
The young man's skill in running computer scams and hacking into 'secure' systems was legendary in many of the darkest corners of the internet. Since the age of six he'd been honing his abilities on finding and exploiting the weaknesses of corporations and many governmental agencies computer systems throughout the world.

In one secret account alone, he had nearly fourteen million dollars hidden in Switzerland under so many layers of confusing misdirection and aliases that no one from the prosecutors at his trial to the FBI had any chance of ever discovering it. The best part about that account was that it was still accumulating vast sums of money every day, even while Bobby was sitting in prison.
It was such an audacious and elegantly designed scam that most people suckered in never even realized it for what is was and were only too happy to send in their money.
Bobby had gotten the idea one day when he was running a number of proxy hidden scams that kept him from being directly associated with any of them. He had masked his identity through a series of satellite relays and proxy ports that allowed him to do his nefarious activities safe in the knowledge that if anyone went after him, they'd actually be busting down the door of a little eighty-four year old lady in Topeka Kansas named Agatha Martin.
One day almost a year earlier Bobby noticed Agatha had attracted the attention of the FBI when she received a warning message that filled her computer screen which announced her activities had been monitored and recorded. He laughed and cleared her screen and then infected her computer’s hard drive with a specially designed virus. It was one he created in high school that would repeatedly replicate and erase itself until the hardware was fried beyond repair or recovery by law enforcement. He might technically have been a cyber criminal, but the last thing he wanted to do was to be responsible for an innocent old lady having a heart attack and dying when the feds came busting through her front door, and quite possibly finding herself under arrest.
But before he wiped her computer clean of any traces of his activities, he saved a copy of the FBI warning and read it a few times before adding a few lines of creative text of his own. Twenty minutes later he'd established the blind banking account hidden through several proxies and multiplexing intermediaries that randomly changed nearly every fifteen seconds.
The new message was basically the same as the original warning Agatha had received, but now included a locking effect which blocked users from getting rid of the warning and added a few frightening lines about a fictional new federal law that would result in arrest unless a fine of $200.00 was paid within twenty-four hours.
He included simple directions on how people could go pay for a type of money card for the amount of the fine at any number of well known retail stores and how to use the code on the fake FBI warning page itself to unblock their computer. After placing the warnings on several notorious pornographic web sites where people sometimes uploaded and downloaded illegal images, and hiding the associated files for the message where the people running the websites wouldn't even be able to find them, he rigged the message and blocking program to randomly attach itself to visitors of the sites.
The scam was more a game to Bobby than anything else, and he forgot about it for almost a month before he saw a similar warning pop up on a computer system he'd piggy backed onto in Albuquerque New Mexico. He cleaned Mrs. Gonzalez's computer of any incriminating evidence and went on to find another unguarded computer to use, but then decided to see if his scam had netted any suckers.
In just over four weeks, his account in Switzerland had accumulated over half a million dollars from people who'd been stupid and scared enough to buy the lie. It was a good scam.
Things went along very nicely for a few more months until Bobby finally made a dumb mistake. He'd designed a premium movie channel decoder device that worked on nearly any cable television system in the country. It was more of a goof project than in any attempt at getting rich, and he usually either gave them away to people he liked or traded them for marijuana.
But when he met with some drug dealers to work out a trade law enforcement officials, that had been monitoring the dealers, noticed Bobby's cherry red Ferrari arriving at the warehouse and saw the young man carrying a backpack into the building.
When the cops moved in they found nearly five hundred pounds of marijuana, almost a million dollars in cash, and fifty premium cable decoder devices inside Bobby's backpack.
Bobby was sentenced to Bayonne Correctional Facility for five years, with the possibility of parole in thirty-six months if he kept his nose clean. Apparently cable theft was a very serious crime.

Carl stood up and went to one of the narrow arrow slit-like windows in the librarian’s office and stared at the setting sun. He knew things had gotten bad outside the walls of Bayonne. There was an inexplicable growing spread of violent murderous rioting not just in America but across every country on the planet, yet the idea that the governor had ordered the murder of over five thousand prisoners seemed completely insane. The old man was concerned.
Most people in here probably deserve it, but Bobby's just a kid. And even that poor pathetic fat boy, that seems to appreciate art magazines in Cell Block A, shouldn't just be snuffed out.
Carl wasn't very worried about himself. He freely admitted to killing his dearly beloved, whoring,, cheating, and slut of a wife at his trial decades earlier and many times since then to anyone who wanted to hear the sad tale. However, the idea that so many young people would be cut down struck the old man as not just insane but downright evil.
He turned back to Bobby and saw the kid was working at a feverish rate with the librarian's computer. Walking back over he asked, “What are you doing? Writing messages to news agencies telling them what's going to happen here?”
Bobby shook his head and only typed faster. After another few minutes he smiled, leaned back in his chair and cracked his knuckles before asking, “What time is the execution scheduled to happen, tonight?”
Carl looked at the clock and then the monitor showing the exterior view of the library, which included the main gate. There was no sound but he could see the amber lights flashing as the massive portal slid open. A few cars were driven inside and parked near the administration building. He saw several people climbing out and realized they were invited guests who'd come to see Maurice die.
Carl glanced back at the clock and said, “They should start the execution in just about an hour. What are you planning to do?”
Bobby pointed at the computer screen and the old man saw that the young man had somehow bypassed the multiple security firewalls and broken some sort of code. A master display of every cell block in Bayonne appeared on the screen and small red rectangles indicated the inmates were still in lock down. Grinning hugely, Bobby said, “We're all getting early parole in one hour.”
Carl flopped back in the big chair and shuddered at the thought of just over 5,000 inmates being released. He cleared his throat and asked, “You can keep Cell Block-C on lock down and just open the other ones, right?”
Bobby looked confused and asked, “Why?”
“The warden has nearly all The Sabres gang members locked up in C-Block. Those guys are the worst of the worst. If you can't keep their block in lock down and open the others... I really don't think you open any of them.”
Bobby nodded saying, “That shouldn't be a problem. Where do you think you'll go when the gate opens?”
The old man sighed and shook his head sadly before saying, “I don't think I'll be going anywhere. From what they've been showing on TV and what I've seen on the internet it looks like all Hell is breaking loose out there.” He saw the young man giving him an odd look and continued. “Where would I go, anyway? Bayonne's been my home for over thirty years, heck almost forty now that I think about it. Even if people weren't going nuts out there, I don't think I'd care for it much. Nope, not one bit.”
“Well, if you want me to, I can give you a crash course on how to operate the computer systems. Maybe you could hole up in the library. It's built like a damn army bunker. If I show you how to change the access codes nobody could come in unless they used dynamite or something like that.”
The old man smiled and rolled the librarian's chair next to Bobby saying, “I truly would appreciate that.”


George hadn't enjoyed a meal so much since the day before he'd reported to the courthouse to begin his sentence. His dad took him to the nicest restaurant in his price range and told him he could order anything on the menu.
The young man hadn't been too worried about the prospect of serving his time. His lawyer swore that not only would it not be the full ten years, but with good behavior he could easily be out in three to five. And if overcrowding ever became a serious problem, there was a very good chance he could get an early release with probation.
His dad hadn't said or eaten much at their last dinner together. He’d been heartbroken and blaming himself for what his son had done.
George, on the other hand, had gorged himself on not one, but two, appetizers. Plus he devoured biggest Prime Rib Steak that the restaurant had on the menu. That was then followed by a dessert of warm chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and sweet syrup covering the whole thing.

The prison’s cafeteria was abuzz with excited chatter and speculation about why the warden had given such an unexpected feast to the inmates of Bayonne. Proponents of the rumor that there would be a general amnesty for everyone and that, come tomorrow, they'd all be freed had new ammunition for their viewpoint. The kitchen staff made up of their fellow inmates and trustees were all asked if they knew why such an epic meal (that topped even Christmas or Thanksgiving) had been ordered prepared by the warden. No one knew.
The Bayonne cafeteria dining hall was in a very long room with light blue colored painted walls and thirty foot high ceilings. A series of thick mesh covered walkways- designed to keep projectiles from being hurled up at the guards- crisscrossed the entire room overhead.
Down below, the residents of Cell Block-A were seated around stainless steel tables on benches that were securely bolted to the concrete floor.

George was feeling good for the first time that he could easily remember. He was grateful the metal wires and plates from his broken jaw, he'd gotten after living in Cell Block-C, were removed a week before. It was still difficult to open his mouth very widely, but he seemed quite capable of chewing and swallowing. His broken ribs had also mended nicely and since he'd been transferred from C to A-Block the beatings and other less pleasant shower room activities had finally stopped.
The Sabres gang had nearly killed him a few weeks earlier. George had been suicidal before the transfer, but now he’d even managed to make a few friends in A-Block.
“Storing up for the winter?” Vito inquired from across the table. The young failed bank robber hadn't picked up much to eat for himself at the serving line and didn't seem interested in eating what little he had on his tray.
George nodded and kept eating the turkey slices, rolls, instant mashed potatoes drowning in something that somewhat resembled margarine, and cranberry sauce without looking up. He didn't understand why Vito enjoyed hanging around with him so much and didn't really care for him a great deal. It's not that he hated him or anything like that. It just seemed to George that they didn't really have that much in common. Although compared to virtually all of the other inmates, he thought Vito was far better than most.
“Glad you still have an appetite,” Vito said while warily watching the lone guard pacing across the overhead catwalks.
“It's actually... not too bad... for a change,” George managed to say through a mouthful of food.
“Said the condemned man about his last meal,” Vito muttered and suspiciously poked the cranberries on his tray with his spoon.
“What are you talking about?”
“George, you aren't this dumb. No one is. I'm telling you something stinks. First they have everyone on lock down for almost four days because fewer guards are showing up and now, even though today they have even fewer guards on duty than ever, we get a Christmas and Thanksgiving Buffet in September,” Vito said angrily, before reluctantly eating a spoonful of the tart tasting cranberries and pointing the utensil up at the lone guard patrolling overhead. “They usually have five of those guys up there. Yesterday there were two, today there's just one. I'm telling you, the warden's gonna have the commandant and his storm troopers come down to the cell blocks and kill everybody; if not tonight, probably tomorrow.”
“You're paranoid. They wouldn't do that. How could they explain 5,000 dead prisoners? Besides, even if they wanted to kill us, it seems like a lot of trouble to do it that way. It would probably be easier to just poison us, somehow,” George said and used half a roll to sop up the remaining turkey gravy on his tray.
Vito watched the fat young man slide the dripping roll into his mouth. He was smiling and obviously enjoying what Vito considered most likely to be their last meal.
A part of him wanted desperately to blurt out what he was thinking. “Um, yeah poison us somehow. Maybe they could... I dunno... lace a really good meal with enough deadly crap for all of us to be dead before midnight.”
It was a very tempting thing to say, but he'd seen the fat kid eat enough over the last fifteen minutes to kill at least twenty men if it truly were poisoned. Plus even if his theory on poisoning was right, what good would it do to tell him that now. If there really was deadly stuff mixed into the food, his morbidly obese friend was already dead. He just didn't know it yet.

Jose tapped Vito on the shoulder to get his attention. When he turned and looked at the little man, Jose belched tremendously and blew it in his face with a big goofy grin before asking, “Guess what I just had for dinner?”
Sighing inwardly, Vito looked like he was seriously contemplating the possibilities for a few seconds before guessing, “A cock?”
Jose grimaced and tried to think of a clever response, but nothing came to mind as he shook his head.
“Two cocks?” Vito guessed again.
“You suck,” Jose said as he got up to get more dessert.
George chuckled and smiled at Vito. “That was pretty quick thinking.”
Vito nodded as he kept tabs of the guard wandering around overhead. “Yep, I'm a frigging genius, that's how I ended up in prison.”


The crowd that showed up for the execution of Maurice Grenauld was very small compared to typical events of that nature. Just two reporters had come, whereas usually an execution of an infamous child rapist and murderer warranted at least a dozen members of the news media and sometimes a television truck doing a live remote from outside the gate. But as rioting and murder seemed to grow more commonplace by the hour beyond the prison walls, the interest in such an event had apparently dropped to nearly none.
Reverend Stevens had come to give his blessing to the condemned and offer solace to the family members who were in attendance. He was a rotund middle aged minister that the warden suspected only came to executions to sample some of the rarely eaten pastries prepared for the guests.
Although, on more than a few occasions Reverend Stevens had embraced female family members in a way that struck both the warden and many guards as being not altogether strictly religious in nature. The Randy Reverend was a nickname that had sort of unofficially stuck to him.

The family members that had come to witness the termination of Grenauld's life included the mother of the young girl he'd raped and murdered and three uncles. None of the family members went near the pastry tray or coffee urn. Instead, they were huddled up and whispering in one corner of the observation room. The oldest uncle sat in a motorized wheelchair and only stared at his slightly trembling hands.

Warden Michael Massengail was wearing his special events suit. It was bought for him by his uncle, The Governor, that he normally only brought out of his office closet for visiting politicians and other very important people.
One of the newspaper reporters had managed to corner him and asked, “The new solar panel arrays at Bayonne cost quite a bit of money. How would you justify such an expense for prisoners?”
Massengail had thought the last of those type questions had been asked years ago, and sighed inwardly while outwardly smiling at the young female reporter. “My uncl- uh, I mean The Governor of Louisiana used available federal grants in renewable energy research to pay for most of the new system. He's actually quite an environmentally friendly man who also doesn't like seeing the hard working tax payers being continually forced to pay for electricity here at Bayonne.
In less than ten years it’s projected that the solar arrays will have paid for themselves and since they've been installed our monthly power bills have been nonexistent.”
The reporter looked skeptical and asked, “Just how many megawatts do the solar arrays produce?”
“Um, well, I'm afraid I don't have the various daily statistical average data on hand. It varies according to weather, of course, but it's more than sufficient to run the entire facility.”
Considerably more in fact, he thought but didn’t dare say that aloud. It was a secret.
The solar arrays atop all of Bayonne’s buildings were supplemented by many acres more, beyond the southern wall, hidden from public view in the swamp land. There was a considerable amount of money being secretly made by supplying electricity to towns as far away as Bixby. But strictly speaking, legally, the arrays installed beyond the walls never would have met guidelines set forth by the Environmental Protection Agency and had been built without public knowledge.

The other reporter’s breath had a hint of scotch in it as he asked, “Is it true the number of guards reporting to work has dropped to dangerously low levels, and if so what assurance can you give people there won't be any trouble with the inmates?”
The warden cleared his throat before saying, “The exact number of guards required to operate Bayonne safely is classified for security reasons, as I’m sure you understand, but I can promise you and your newspaper’s readers that this facility is one of the safest and best designed in the country. It has the newest, most sophisticated, state of the art computer control systems available.
When they remodeled and updated and I became warden of Bayonne every lock in the entire facility that needed a key was replaced top of the line fool proof systems. So, even if a prisoner managed to fabricate a key, somehow, he'd have no where useful to stick it.”
The old reporter chuckled and nodded before going over to the table laden with pastries for yet another cream cheese Danish.
“But the number of guards showing up for work has dropped significantly since the rioting in the cities began. Isn’t that correct?” The young reporter asked stepping closer to the warden.
Massengail smiled and asked, “I'm sorry Miss, but what's your name again and what paper do you write for?”
“I'm Janice Carson of the Bixby Weekly Gazette, and you didn't answer my question.”
“No, I didn't,” the warden replied before turning and walking over to speak with Captain LaShod.

“How much longer do we have to wait before you put this animal down?” One of the uncle's of the victim asked, in a gruff tone of voice, as he left the family huddle and crossed over to the long window that was currently impossible to see through. A thick dark green curtain on the other side of the glass prevented anyone from viewing the execution room beyond. The impatient man tapped on the glass saying, “Let's do this thing. What's the hold up? This is worse than waiting for a burger and fries at a drive through.”
Captain LaShod saw one of the guards telling the man to be patient and turned back to the warden. “Sir, I really don't think the commandant will be coming. He won't answer either his home or cell phone and hasn't since he left earlier today. We need to get this thing started before those relatives get really upset. Or do you want to postpone and reschedule, again?”
“Absolutely not, rescheduling is out of the question,” the warden said, glancing at his wristwatch. He saw it was already twenty minutes past six and said, “Alright, we can't wait any longer, let's get his thing rolling.”

LaShod nodded and hurried over to the reverend and whispered, “It's time,” before leading him reluctantly away from the young reporter.
Janice Carson, a rookie reporter for The Bixby Weekly Gazette, gave a sigh of relief that someone had finally saved her from the creepy reverend who had been probing into her personal life along a line of questioning she'd have slapped most men for.
Taking out her notebook, she sat in one of the chairs in the back row and tried to mentally put herself in the place of the woman sitting in the front row in front of her. Janice had never considered herself the marrying type, let alone having kids. It seemed like way too much responsibility and too many headaches to deal with, plus finding a 'man' who didn't act like a selfish little boy or a goofy clown was nearly impossible. She was just thankful the editor had given her a chance to cover a real news story instead of boring council meetings or something equally inane, that no one ever bothered to read. I just hope this Grenauld guy dies quickly so I can get home before it gets too dark. It's dangerous enough driving during the day, the last thing I need is to be heading home in the dark and find myself surrounded by one of those mobs of insane rioters.
She saw the fat reporter take several pastries off the tray and squeeze his large butt into a seat on the front row. He bit into a gooey looking thing and she wished they hadn't taken her cell phone.
That would have been a picture that I'm sure Mr. Campbell would have liked to see. Maybe he'd even write a story about lack of decorum at executions and mention that the competitions reporters didn't have any manners. Besides, how can anyone think of eating? A man is going to be put to death less than ten feet away and yet he's stuffing his face like as if we were waiting for a movie to start.

The warden nodded at the two guards stationed at each of the exit doors, and waited until they'd confirmed they were securely locked before stepping in front of the observation window and clearing his throat. “Good evening. I am Michael Massengail, the warden here at Bayonne Prison. I thank you all for your patience regarding the delay, but we are now ready to begin.
In accordance with Louisiana Penal Code 431-Subsection C, tonight we shall be executing one Mr. Maurice Grenauld, having been convicted of Murder in the First Degree.”

On the far side of the curtain covered glass window, Captain LaShod turned the volume down on the intercom speaker so it wasn't quite so loud. He looked at the white sheet covering the examination table with its collection of leather straps and checked each restraints to make certain they were all in good working order.
“Captain, are you sure this is alright? I really don't want to get in any trouble,” a young guard wearing a white doctor's lab coat asked nervously while looking at the stethoscope hanging from his neck in confusion.
“Gunderson, you're a good guard and I know you'll do fine. If we could have gotten a doctor to come out here for the execution you know we would have, but hospitals are pretty busy places right now and Dr. Hagan can't leave the infirmary. He's working there all by himself since none of the support staff has been coming in to work. All you have to do is pretend to be a doctor. Try to look serious and smart, and spit out that bubble gum before we start.
When we bring in Grenauld you just stand aside until we have him strapped down and in position. Then take a cotton ball and rub it on his arm opposite his elbow then stick the needle in, preferably in a vein.”
“Aren't I supposed to use alcohol on the cotton ball, or something? You know, to prevent infections and stuff like that.”
Captain LaShod shook his head in disbelief and almost explained the futility and silliness of worrying about giving a man who was about to die an infection, but only said, “Don’t worry. If he gets sick after the execution I'll take the blame.”
He showed Gunderson his own arm and pointed at one of the veins. “Just wipe the cotton ball over one of his veins and stick the needle in. I'll handle the rest. Except for the very end, when he's dead you just use the stethoscope to check for a heartbeat. Got it?”
The imposter physician nodded and went over to the sink to scrub up.


Correctional officers Marvin Mathis and Hector Alonzo were both very alert as they escorted Maurice 'The Mountain' Grenauld toward the execution chamber.
Standing a few inches taller than both guards, Grenauld was a heavily bearded and muscled man with a smooth shaved head that reflected the overhead lights in the hallway. He was very securely shackled around the ankles and wrists and seemed resigned to his eminent death, but neither guard was lulled into any false sense of safety.
As Hector guided the big man down the hallway, Mathis had his finger hovering over the electroshock remote that activated the belt secured around the condemned man's waist. Hector was wearing a thick insulated rubber glove just in case his partner needed to send a jolt of electricity into Grenauld. But he was still worried about whether the glove actually would work as an insulator. The shock was designed to incapacitate but Hector wasn't sure what he feared more, having the giant condemned murderer go berserk or accidentally being shocked.

The door to the execution chamber was standing open and Captain LaShod watched silently as Maurice was escorted into the room. The big man looked at the bright white tiled walls and saw the captain was closely watching his every move.
He grinned hugely at LaShod saying, “Evening, Captain.”
LaShod nodded slightly as the guards pushed the big man back against the examination table and began to strap him down tightly. It was a multiple position table capable of being vertical or horizontal and could easily be pivoted by operating a hydraulic lever.
As he was strapped against the table in a vertical position, Maurice looked over at the captain while listening to the warden's voice coming through the intercom. “Don't suppose you could change the radio to some hip hop or rap? Talk radio bores me to death.”
LaShod smirked but only watched as the straps were cinched down tight over his chest, and ankles. One of the guards unshackled the chains and pulled them off. Then the belts around his wrists and waist were also cinched down even more securely.
“Ever see that movie, Frankenstein, where they had the big guy strapped down? Feels sort of like I'm Frankenstein. I don’t suppose you would be a sweetheart and loosen the straps a little?”
The captain smiled at that and said, “As soon as your heart stops beating I'll have the straps removed and that's a promise. And by the way, Frankenstein was the doctor's name. The monster never had one.”
“Wow, learn something new every day. When's the curtain going to open? My adoring fans are probably eager to see me.”
LaShod attached the EKG electrodes to the big man's heavily muscular and tattooed bare chest saying, “Soon; very soon.”
“Wish you guys still had electric chairs. Needles make me queasy. That's one of the reasons I never did drugs, like that,” Maurice said then looked over at the 'doctor' and asked, “Hey, doc, this stuff you're going to give me isn't addictive is it?”
The 'doctor' shrugged and looked in confusion at the small hose attached to a needle that ran from a bottle of medicine connected to a pump that would cause the condemned man's heart to slow then stop.
Maurice gave the captain a worried look. “He knows what he's doing, doesn't he?”
“Don't worry, I promise you won't be leaving this room alive.”
“Well, that's certainly comforting,” Maurice said with a mocking happy tone in his voice.



“You got it?” Bobby asked the old man sitting in front of the head librarian's computer.
“Yeah, but what if uh, I don't know... What if I do what you showed me and it doesn't work? What if the cell doors all stay locked and shut?” Carl asked.
“Then we're all going to die tomorrow. By the way, I'm taking the bookmobile as soon as everything gets going. Hope you don't mind.”
“It doesn't go very fast, but you're welcome to it. Where do you think you’ll go?”
“First, far away from here; then somewhere that I can access my money and go... hmm, I don't know. I guess somewhere safe, perhaps South America or somewhere like that. I speak Spanish fairly well.” The young man said and clicked on the closed circuit camera computer. A few seconds later he managed to route the feed from the execution building onto the screen. He looked at the clock and wondered why they hadn't started yet.

Carl looked at the video feed and said, “I'm confused about something. If you really do have millions of dollars somewhere, why didn’t you just leave the country when you were out on bail before your trial?”
“I guess because I'm stupid. I believed my lawyer. She told me I'd probably just get a fine and probation. Who would have thought I'd actually get prison time for cable theft?”
Carl turned up the audio and caught the last bit of the reverend's prayer.
Bobby held his hand out to shake and said, “Carl, you're a good guy. Sure you don't want to tag along with me?”
He shook the young man's hand saying, “Positive. But, I got one last bit of advice. You should wait until the other prisoners rush the gate. You go out there first and you're more than likely going to get shot.”
“No worries. I'm no hero. Thanks for everything, Carl. You sure you got all the pass codes for the servers?”
The old man tapped a pad of paper filled with notations and said, “I got them. You just try and be a good boy from now on, okay?”
Bobby laughed as he hurried out and across the library, yelling back, “I'm always good, it's just that just sometimes I'm also dumb.”

After he was all alone, Carl saw the 'doctor' on the screen looked a lot like one of the more recently hired guards and chuckled as he shook his head.
The warden’s voice came over the feed. “Mr. Maurice Grenauld, do you have any final words?”
Carl sighed, thinking, Dumb, dumb, dumb. It's amazing how stupid supposedly intelligent people can be. What do they expect him to say? Maybe a tearful choked up sincere heartfelt apology? What a bunch of idiots.

Maurice looked through the glass window, saw the family members of the little girl he savagely raped and killed, and cleared his throat while looking from one hate filled face to the next. The girl's mother was staring at him as if she never wanted to forget what was about to happen. The thick leather straps holding him tightly against the slightly tilting table made it hard for him to take a deep breath and when he spoke it was just barely above a whisper. “Can you hear me?”
The warden pressed the intercom button in the viewing room and said, “Go ahead, we can hear you fine.”
“She was a beautiful child, ma'am,” Maurice said, looking directly at the girl's mother. “I won't tell you everything that I did to her or all the things that very willing girl did for me.”
He saw the captain give him a warning glance before continuing. “That night in my cabin when we was done having fun, before I snapped her neck like an old chicken bone, she told me something you might like to know.”
The warden had his hand on the intercom's mute button just in case he started swearing and threatening, but so far 'The Mountain' seemed content to just talk crudely yet still within the boundaries he'd set. He looked at his wristwatch.
“She didn't cry much during or afterward. Just kept staring up at me with those bright blue eyes and told me about how I didn't hurt her too much. She told me all about when she was nine years old how all her uncle’s did far worse things to her.”
The warden shut off the intercom at that point as the viewing room erupted in shouting, yells, and threats. He nodded at LaShod and the captain yanked the lever controlling the table's hydraulics.

“Hey, I wasn't even done yet!” Maurice said in a nasty chuckling shout before adding, “Didn't even get to tell her momma about how them uncles of hers brought in a big horny pit bull.” Tears of laughter rolled down the big man's face as he gave the girl's mom a wink before he was tilted completely out of her field of vision.
“You can tell Satan all about your disgusting perverted lies,” LaShod said, as he locked the handle for the table in place.
“Lies? Who, me? Did you see the old fucker's face? You know, the one that was sitting in the wheelchair? I think it was a look of guilt.”
“Doctor, he's ready for you,” the captain said.
The 'doctor' tied a long thin piece of rubber tightly around Grenauld's muscular upper arm. He saw the tattoo of the words FUCK YOU on the big man's bicep and reached toward a nearby tray.
“That's a little too tight, doc.”
The 'doctor' ignored the criticism of his medical technique and quickly swiped a cotton ball over the inside of the big man's arm opposite the elbow and saw a big vein just under the skin appear as if by magic. It looked as big around as an earth worm.
He uncapped the needle tip at the end of the hose and looked over at the captain, who just nodded impatiently.
Biting his lip, Gunderson slid the needle through the skin and into the vein easily.
There was very little blood around the entry point and LaShod handed the 'doctor' a strip of surgical tape to secure the needle in place. After two more strips were added, the needle was snugly imbedded.
The captain then nodded at the warden through the glass.

Things had calmed down somewhat in the viewing room.
Massengail looked at the righteous fury filled face of the woman who lost her little girl to the monster in the room beyond. The warden held back from pushing the green button that was mounted near the intercom which would administer the drug. He looked at the little girl's mother and nodded slightly to himself and said, “Ma'am? If I push this button that sorry excuse for a man will be dead in less than a minute. And though it's not strictly allowed by my superiors, if you wish to press it you may do so.”
The woman looked at the last photograph ever taken of her baby Britney and nodded. Clutching the photo, she stood up shakily and walked over beside the warden. “I hope it burns like Hell fire and hurts like a mother fucker,” she said, savagely pushing the green button repeatedly.

Maurice was humming happily and his feet were wiggling in spite of the restraints around his ankles as the 'doctor' removed the tourniquet. A green light on the drug container pump began flashing and LaShod watched the drug that looked like water flowing down the clear tube, through the needle, and into Maurice's arm.
“You know what's funny?” Grenauld asked, no longer humming, just staring up at the ceiling. “If I had my whole life to do over I wouldn't change a fucking thing.”
The captain didn't doubt that as he watched the second hand on the wall clock slowly moving.
The 'doctor' walked over and asked LaShod, “How long does this usually take?”
“I set the machine to give him four times the regular amount. Most guys last about ninety seconds,” he whispered back while watching the EKG machine's display screen beginning to move erratically.
“I'm going to get paid a little extra for this, right?” The 'doctor' asked.
LaShod didn't answer.
“She was a little whore. Any girl that wears tight little pink shorts with the word JUICY on the ass is just... uh just begging for it.” Grenauld's eyes began blinking and his breathing became labored and unsteady. “Not my fault... her momma lets... the little slut dress... uh oh man... like a fucking whore.”
“Almost,” the captain whispered. “Almost there.”
The EKG screen image jiggled wildly and a rapidly beeping alarm on the machine began to sound. A few seconds later the beeping changed to a soft monotonous tone.
The captain nodded at the warden through the glass and muted the tone while muttering, “Good fucking riddance.”

The 'doctor' wheeled a gurney over to haul out the corpse as two guards began removing the restraints.
LaShod shut off the drug pump, ripped off the surgical tape and yanked out the needle. “You fellas get this sack of shit down to the storage room and stick him in the freezer, if he'll fit. The county will be sending someone for him in the morning,” the captain said before walking out through the pair of swinging doors.

A few seconds after the captain left, the 'doctor' said, “Hey, wait a second,” as the other guards started moving the body toward the gurney. “I'm supposed to check him for a heartbeat.”
“Be my guest. The dead fucker's got to weigh close to five hundred pounds,” one of the guards said and started over to the viewing window to pull the curtains shut.
The 'doctor' forgot about the stethoscope hanging around his neck and laid his ear against the dead man's enormous chest. There was no sound. It was as silent as the grave.
But as he started to lift his head back Grenauld proved he still had some life in him, or that was the 'doctor's first terrified thought.
Grenauld grabbed the 'doctor', yanked him closer, and tore into his neck with his sharp teeth.
Blood flowed over Grenauld's chest as the 'doctor' issued a gurgling yelping noise and pulled back, leaving most of his neck's skin clamped securely in the undead man's mouth in the process.
Security Officer Hector Alonzo was closing the curtain, but upon hearing the yelp he stopped before shutting it all the way and hurried over to the table.
Marvin Mathis looked for the shock belt control button, only it wasn't on the counter where he thought he'd put it. As Hector yelled for help, he swung his Billy club down hard on the big man's shoulder as the 'doctor' collapsed on the floor and began twitching while a spray of blood squirted across the tiled floor.


From the safety of the librarian's office, Carl could only watch the closed circuit monitor in stunned shock. Hector slammed his Billy club down repeatedly with one hand while reaching for his canister of pepper spray with the other.
Carl was so distracted that for the time being any idea of deactivating the security systems had vanished from his mind.
On the other monitor there was camera angle showing the viewing area. The warden was leading the woman through a doorway and captain LaShod came out as they went inside.
Carl couldn't understand what was happening. What's going on? Why can't anyone hear that guard yelling? Ooh, I bet that glass is soundproof.
The phone on the librarian's desk rang and scared the old man considerably. He jumped up and grabbed the receiver.
“Come on outside, Carl, and bring along your flunky. It's time for bed,” a guard standing outside the library said.
“Listen to me! You need to send someone to the execution building! Grenauld is loose and killing people in there!”
“That shit ain't funny. I don't care if everyone calls you Crazy Carl or not. Now, you two guys come out of there, right now.”
Carl could see the guard standing outside on another monitor and then remembered to activate the security overrides. He frantically clicked on all the cell block buildings and then clicked on an icon that the young man had told him to.

Bobby heard the massive gate's warning klaxons going off and grinned hugely while listening to one of the guard’s walkie-talkies he brought along from the librarian's office. There were dozens of frantic voices all trying to contact security control at the same moment. As the young unlikely multimillionaire stood in the tiny storage room and pressed the outer roll top door button he laughed. When the metal door opened all the way he climbed aboard the bookmobile and waited.

The override command had taken advantage of a computer subroutine that could only be used in the event of a mammoth fire and was supposed to only be accessible by the commandant, LaShod, or the warden.
Bobby had put C-Block in a special lock down override state on the computer as he also had done for The Administration and Death Row buildings, but when Carl started the program he hadn't even thought about that. He only saw that some of the cell blocks status screens hadn't turned from red to green and clicked on the ones that hadn't changed. Every building except the power station and library, which had a different type of security code system, had all the computer automated and controlled cell and other doors sliding open at the same time.
Some inmates didn't know what it meant and continued lounging in their bunks until others began shouting and running toward the exit. No one knew what was going on, but a chance for escape was a chance. Within a few minutes nearly every convict at Bayonne was making a run for it.


“Right this way, ma'am,” the warden said sympathetically as he lead the lady who's daughter had been murdered down a small hallway toward the execution chamber. Halfway there, they passed Captain LaShod who nodded and kept heading for the viewing room. He was anxious to get the witnesses out of the prison and the guards back to their regular duties as soon as possible. A gnawing feeling of unease was deep in his stomach and until things were back to normal he didn't doubt it would remain there.
Most of the relatives were talking to the young reporter and LaShod overheard one man saying, “I just hope he roasts in Hell; the nasty fucker.”
The fat reporter was looking under the table the pastries had been set on to see if there were any more squirreled away. But it was the old man in the wheelchair that caught the captain's attention. He'd rolled himself toward the window and was leaning to one side to peer through the nearly shut curtain on the other side of the glass. The captain swore under his breath and turned to go back in the execution chamber to yell at whoever hadn't closed the curtain all the way.

Sixty year old Uncle Harvey was the oldest member of the family, but didn't need the wheelchair for mobility and his brothers and sister all wondered why he'd insisted on bringing it along to the execution. Harvey loved his murdered niece as much as he'd ever cared for anyone in is his entire life. He'd been there when she was born and spent years watching over her. When he learned about what happened, he swore he'd see Maurice die and after the execution had been postponed twice before, he decided to make sure it got done tonight; no matter what the consequences.
When he stopped in front of the viewing window and peeked through the glass his blood boiled as he saw that Maurice wasn't dead. He wasn't just standing either, but chasing a terrified looking guard around the execution table.
Damn it! I knew a monster like him would never be put down with just poison, he thought furiously while reaching under the wheelchair to retrieve the highly illegal weapon hidden there.

Harvey was smart enough to know there would be metal detectors at the entrance to the execution building that visitors would have to pass through. The wheelchair had caused the detectors to beep when he was pushed inside, but the young and relatively inexperienced guards only waved him through without even a cursory check. Not that they'd have easily found the cleverly hidden gap between the chairs seat and cushion anyway.
Tucked inside there was a fully automatic Uzi with an extended ammunition clip he'd purchased in New Orleans a week earlier. Over the last few days he'd practiced firing it on his isolated farm and as he lifted it up and slid back the firing bolt all he could hear was his niece's crying voice begging pitifully for justice.

The warden swung open the door to the room where Grenauld's corpse should have been quickly assuming room temperature while stretched out on a gurney. But instead he saw a guard wearing a doctor's lab coat kneeling over another guard and chewing at the convulsing man's face. And as if that sight weren't disconcerting enough, the recently deceased Grenauld grabbed another guard around the neck with both hands and lifted him off the ground before throwing him onto the execution table.
The mother of the dead child screamed upon seeing the blood splattered room and that the monster hadn't died at all.
LaShod faintly heard the scream coming from down the hallway a split second before Uncle Harvey squeezed the Uzi's trigger. Then things happened quickly and went from very bad to extraordinarily bad.

The relatives saw Harvey firing through the glass and rushed over to stop him. His youngest brother, Amos, grabbed the hand holding the Uzi and tried to force it down toward the floor. But all he managed to do was make Harvey's arm swing wide.
Whizzing bullets filled the viewing room. The nearly full coffee urn was punctured twice and steaming hot brown liquid squirted out and splashed down on the fat reporter who had found a box of sugar cookies under the table. He squealed as his skin was scalded. The guard on the far side of the viewing room was rapidly shot three times; twice in the stomach and once in the chest and was dead before he collapsed to the floor.
The guard at the other doorway saw him falling to the floor and acted on instinct. He pulled his sidearm and opened fire at Uncle Harvey. The first bullet hit Amos, who'd been wrestling with his brother for the Uzi, in the neck.
Amos landed on the floor and clutched his hands over both the entry and exit holes that were quickly pouring forth an impressive amount of blood.
Harvey saw his brother dying at his feet and was shot multiple times before he could turn to look at the guard who'd shot him. The Uzi clattered to the floor at the same moment bright strobe-like flashing lights mounted to the walls near the exits began flashing.

The public address speaker mounted on the ceiling played a prerecorded message that was heard in every corner of Bayonne Prison. “Attention! Attention! All personnel report to fire fighting stations immediately!” The message repeated as the overhead fire suppression sprinklers came on.

The young reporter, Janice Carson of the Bixby Gazette, peered cautiously over the back row of seats she'd dived behind when the gunfire erupted. Someone was yelling for help but between the steady spray of water and the flashing strobe lights, she couldn't even guess where the voice was coming from.
The prerecorded message was replaced by a loud repetitive grating horn sound.
She grabbed her purse and decided leaving might not be a bad idea, in spite of her professional side that was saying, “Wow, I can't leave, this is going to be a great story.”
Hurrying to the nearest exit, she saw a guard blocking the door with a gun in one hand and a canister of some kind of spray in the other.
He was shouting, “Everyone, stay back! No one leaves until the warden or Captain LaShod gets back!”
Janice looked at the far side of the viewing room and spotted a guard running from the hall leading to the execution chamber door toward the other exit. He ran fast without looking around the observation room and after quickly unlocking the door, flung it open and ran through the open doorway and into the night.
The fat reporter was carrying a medium sized white box as he hurried outside following the fleeing guard and she turned to run after him.

LaShod tried to stop Mathis, but the guard sped by and outside before he could even grab a hold of him. The captain hurried toward the execution chamber and saw the dead woman lying in a quickly expanding pool of her own blood and hurried over to help the warden who was leaning weakly against a wall. Massengail had been shot three times by the Uzi in the shoulder and chest. He was in a combination of confusion and shock as LaShod slung his boss' uninjured arm over his shoulder. The captain began staggering back toward the viewing room trying to get them both to safety.
As he reached the door there was a growling yell from behind. He spun around and saw Maurice 'The Mountain' Grenauld's huge body filling nearly the entire narrow hallway. Quickly drawing his sidearm, he opened fire at the deceased man. It was impossible to miss and yet none of the shots did much except slow him down very briefly with each impact.
He shoved the warden through the doorway, hurried into the viewing room and tried to close the door. It was almost shut when Grenauld hit it like a battering ram knocking down a castle gate. The force of impact knocked his empty handgun out of his grip, lifted the captain off the floor, and flung him over the front row of seats.

“What's going on?” Warden Massengail mumbled as the water sprinklers worked to bring him back from his confusion. “Lazarde, where are you? Where? Who?” He looked around the room before spotting the thick legs that went up and were connected to the giant blood covered man towering over him and didn't even have time to scream.
Grenauld fell on the warden and began ripping, biting, and tearing him to shreds as yells, more gunshots, and cries for help rang out on the other side of the room.

The captain didn't have any idea what was going on but that didn't stop him from quickly crawling toward the nearest exit, after retrieving his cap that had fallen off. Halfway there, he saw a guard near the door standing up shakily and looking around in confusion. He almost called the guard's name until noticing the odd way his eyes looked and the multiple gunshot wounds he'd suffered. There was an odd vacancy in his expression until the guard noticed the young reporter hurrying toward the open exit. Then his eyes seemed to change to those of a wild animal as he lunged forward and grabbed at her.
Captain LaShod sprang up from his hiding spot, punched the guard in the stomach and threw him to the floor near where Grenauld and the warden were. “Hurry up, we've got to get out of here,” he said to the woman holding his hand out to her.
More screams and yells came from the far side of the viewing room and she recognized one of them as belonging to the naughty reverend. Blood smeared people were climbing through the shattered viewing window and jumping onto the reverend and what was left alive of the murdered girl’s family. “What the Hell is going on!?” She screamed as the captain seized her wrist and pulled her through the exit.
LaShod slammed the door shut and reached for his walkie-talkie that was no longer hanging from his belt. It had fallen out of its holster when he fell over the row of seats. He leaned back against the door and said, “Quick, hand me that door stop.”
She picked up the triangular piece of wood and handed it to LaShod.
He bent down and jammed the edge into the space near the bottom of the door then kicked it several times deeper into the gap.
“I don't understand. What's going on?” She asked, shaking LaShod's shoulder, as multiple gunshots came from the cell block buildings and the front gate.
Even over all the gunfire, the captain realized the yelling and screaming was coming from thousands of escaping prisoners. The moving echoing yells rolling back from the tall granite walls couldn't be anything else. Cell Block-E aka the execution building was reserved for prisoners either on death row or in solitary confinement and was located in the very rear of Bayonne.
The next closest building was the workshop where inmates were supposed to learn new skills like metal working to help them become honest citizens once released. On the far side of the workshop was the driveway that went between the rear of the cafeteria and kitchens. Only another fifty yards beyond that was the power building and safety.

LaShod was facing a bad choice; Head for the administration building, which was much closer, and try to find a way to get control of things or make a run for the bunker-like power station. The woman's presence complicated things even further.
As he tried to think, there was a yell and the sound of running feet nearby that was coming closer and he pushed the reporter into the shadows of E-Block. A moment later Marvin Mathis ran past their hiding spot screaming like a banshee. He was followed closely by what looked like everyone that had been inside the building; the family of the little girl, a few guards- one of whom was still wearing the torn and bloody remnants of a doctor's lab coat, the warden, the hulking dead man Grenauld, and others further back in the shadows he couldn't easily identify.
The reporter whispered after they went by, “The big man... I thought he was dead.”
The captain nodded and whispered back, “I think he and everyone else that were chasing the guard are dead.”
“So... that's what all the rioting is about in the cities? The dead are coming back?”
He sighed and said, “Looks that way. I know a safe place we can go, follow me... and be quiet.”
“Can I quote you on that? You know, about the dead coming back.”
“Hush lady, and yes, quote me on anything you damn well like, but for God's sake keep quiet,” he said looking quickly beyond the edge of E-Block. Everything appeared deserted and he ran toward the workshop, followed closely by the reporter.


George and several other men seated near Vito were laughing uproariously before the fire alarm went off.
The topic of discussion was the worst thing any of them had ever done as a practical, or in many cases impractical, joke. Passing gas was featured in most of the tales and Vito knew what his audience wanted to hear and delivered. “I was at the courthouse doing some pretrial crap. Listening and answering a ton of bullshit questions, you know what I mean.”
The men nodded knowingly as Vito continued. “So, I made bail and was free to go but had to wear one of those tracker ankle bracelets so everyone would know where I was. It wasn't that bad; not very comfortable or stylish but not too bad.
I hit the elevator button and waited. You know the courthouse in Baton Rouge that has that big open lobby thing where even up on the seventh floor, I could see people heading for the elevators down below. Guess who I spotted? My bitch of a wife that turned me into the cops. How's that for serendipity?” Vito saw confused looks on a few faces and quickly clarified. “It means good luck.
So the elevator gets there and I start down inside all alone. I kept thinking, should I strangle her, slap her, call her a filthy traitorous cunt? All those ideas appealed to me on an intellectual level, but as the elevator almost reached the lobby I decided to be classy. I let loose a fart.”
There were laughs but Vito held up his hand in a stop gesture and continued. “No- I take that back. Calling it a fart is like calling The Mona Lisa a doodle. It was a long, wet sounding, rumbling, pants flapping, creation the likes of which had never been recorded in the annals of farts.”
The guys laughed but, Vito raised his hand in a stop gesture once more and went on. “It was a thing of horrific beauty. My eyes were watering from the sting of the foul stench. It smelled of onions and rotten eggs, among other much more unpleasant things. So I pressed the top floor button as the doors to the elevator opened at the lobby, jumped out and scooted off to the side. People started filing into the elevator, talking their bullshit, and I see Michelle my lovely sweet wife going in last.
I walked out in front of the elevator as the doors started closing and saw a few cops in there, some lawyer pricks, and my ‘true’ love. There was only a second left before it shut completely and I heard someone swearing and another puking. But it was my Michelle's face, as she instantly recognized me and knew what I had done, that made me laugh. Her cute little button nose was all wrinkled up in disgust and her eyes were watering, but she looked more pissed than I'd ever seen her. I like to think she got puked on, hopefully by a cop.”
The laughter went on for a long time. George was having a hard time catching his breath and was seeing spots until all the automatic electronic doors in the cafeteria swung open as the fire alarm went off.

The rumor mill had been running overtime since the unexpected feast was served up for dinner, and the vast majority consisted of pessimistic and extremely disturbing ideas. Many of the men had adopted Vito's suspicion that the food had been poisoned. Others thought they'd be shot later in their cells while sleeping. Only a precious few optimists, such as George, believed everyone would be given an early release. But when the doors all sprang open and the prerecorded message made its announcement over the public address system the vast majority of the men remained seated, even as the fire sprinkler system turned on.
It was such an unprecedented thing to happen that only a very few took advantage to jump up and sprint outside. Part of the reason the majority remained seated was the guard standing on the catwalk overhead.
He had a shotgun and yelled, “Anyone tries to run and I'll shoot him down!”
But as more and more men waited until the guard looked at another part of the cafeteria and then ran outside without being shot everyone began to doubt the young man would ever fire.

The guard saw more prisoners leaving and tried his walkie-talkie. “This is Rikert to command. What the Hell's going on?”
“Computer's fucked up. We're working on fixing it. Stay at your station and keep the situation under control,” a nearly frantic sounding voice answered over the walkie-talkie.
When Rikert looked down again nearly all the prisoners had already ran outside. “Well fuck,” he said and ran toward the nearest guard exit. That computer controlled door was standing open as well.
Stepping outside onto a security catwalk that went to the workshop building, he couldn't believe what he was seeing below. Hundreds of inmates were pouring out of all the cell block buildings. And a few of them had apparently gotten guns somehow. The rapid firing of fully automatic weapons at the main gate and the repetitive alarm noises coming over the public address system echoed across Bayonne, coupled with excited yelling and screaming convinced Rikert that it was time to run for the power station.

“What are you doing, George? You can't just sit there,” Vito said, as the cooking staff sprinted out of the kitchen and joined the rest of the inmates making a run for it.
“I hear gunshots.”
“And that surprises you? Come on, man, get up and run.”
George stood and sighed before walking cautiously toward one of the open fire doors. He looked outside and saw madness on parade. Men were fighting and running toward the main gate. It scared him and he quickly backed into the cafeteria.
“You can't stay here. They're liable to start torching the buildings soon. If you stay here you'll die,” Vito said impatiently.
George started to say something but someone ran past the door firing a shotgun and laughing maniacally. He gave Vito a shrug and walked back toward the kitchen as the overhead sprinklers continued to pour down icy cold water.
Vito bit his lip and stared outside as the stream of men heading for the gate grew thicker. But some of the inmates seemed more insane than usual. There were several who were tackling and knocking others to the ground and biting them. Vito stepped further back into the cafeteria and decided George might have the right idea; Find a hiding place and just wait until things calmed down.
He followed George through one of the doorways that led to the kitchen.


The vast majority of the prisoners were understandably heading for the open main gate, but Captain LaShod was still cautiously moving in the few shadows afforded by the work shop building. The reporter was being less than quiet, with her occasional whimpers whenever a gunshot or yell was heard nearby, and he could tell she was probably even slightly more terrified than he was; and he was plenty scared.
He heard noises coming from inside the workshop and paused long enough to peek through one of the thick mesh covered windows. At least half a dozen prisoners were gathering up hammers, medium size lengths of metal rods, and other things he couldn't easily identify. They were located near the large roll top garage door, which was open, at the rear of the building. To reach the cafeteria and then the power station they'd have to pass by them or circle around toward the cell blocks where there were hundreds of escaping prisoners.
He could tell the men inside were skin heads that belonged to Rommel's Regiment; a gang made up of young violent racists who sometimes liked to create chaos by randomly attacking and sometimes killing fellow inmates who happened to be black or Hispanic.

LaShod squatted back down and held his dark brown colored hand out to the young white reporter. When she took his hand he whispered, “We might have to run. Do you feel up to it?”
She nodded but her face looked full of doubt.
Sighing, he looked around on the ground but there was nothing there to inspire him. He whispered to the reporter, “What do you have in that purse?”
She looked confused as she opened it and showed him a hairbrush, a notepad, three pens, half a pack of gum, and a set of car keys. The hairbrush gave him an idea and when he asked to borrow it she handed it over without asking why.
“Wait right here. If something happens to me, you run for the athletics field,” he whispered and pointed toward the south wall.
She nodded as he cupped his hand over the brush's bristles so the dark handle looked somewhat like a gun barrel.

He shouted, “Gunderson, you and Mathis, follow me to the workshop! Remember shoot first!”
He then trotted around the rear of the workshop and swung toward the open door with the hairbrush clutched tightly in his hand. Pointing it at the surprised skin heads had worked sort of how he’d hoped.
Most of them were running, but the two closest men took one look at the captain's 'gun' and laughed.
The bigger older one everyone called Scar, because of the numerous knife wounds he'd gotten that made his face look like a nightmarish patchwork of skin, held a long piece of metal in both hands and said, “I'm gonna shove that thing you're holding up yer ass. Then I'm gonna shove this thing up there until it comes bursting out of your filthy lying nigger mouth.”
The other one was a young kid holding a hammer and he didn't say anything as they both approached LaShod.


Carl watched the monitor as hundreds of men ran towards the open gate. If the number of guards hadn't been so much less than normal they'd most likely be able to stop or at least slow down the mass exodus. But even tossing down dozens of stun grenades and canisters of pepper spray, and firing fully automatic weapons into the crowd did almost nothing to even slow down the flow of escaping inmates. Several guard dogs were running through the crowd and savaging those prisoners they brought down, but other men kicked and hit them with whatever they had handy. Some of the others who had guns simply shot the dogs.
Two guards on the front wall had already been shot. One appeared dead, and the other one seemed more angry than seriously hurt by the rifle wound in his leg. The other uninjured guards were quickly running out of ammunition.
Some of the convicts began climbing the metal staircases toward the guard's positions atop the wall. And then Carl saw the guard he thought had been killed stand up and stagger toward the large guard that had been shot in the leg as he continued firing at the men climbing the east metal staircase.

The big guard felt someone jump on his back and yelled as teeth bit down into his shoulder and neck. He dropped the rifle, grabbed the undead guard with both hands and pulled at his head. The hands scratched and tore at his face, but he managed to pull him off his back. In great pain and confusion he didn't even recognize his attacker as a fellow guard and threw him from the top of the wall, over the gate, to the pavement below.
Blood was pouring from his torn neck as he started reaching for the dropped rifle, but someone below fired and hit him in the chest. Clutching the catwalk railing, he shuddered for a few moments before collapsing; dead.

Carl saw the remaining guards atop the wall run for one of the towers and lock themselves inside. They continued firing through slits in the walls, but were either running out of ammo or conserving what little they had left because very quickly the number of shots lessened.
As the shots decreased even more inmates streamed through the gate. A few had apparently hot wired cars from the parking lot because vehicles were also joining the exodus.
Carl kept his eye out for the bookmobile, but it had either already gone out or Bobby was waiting for the stream of escapees to lessen.
When he switched back to a wider camera view Carl thought he was losing his mind. The big guard that had his neck and shoulder ripped and bitten open, and was then shot in the chest, was chasing and tackling prisoners. But then he saw the guard that had been thrown from the top of the gate was also hobbling around on an obviously badly fractured leg. Shards of bone and pieces of bloody meat were protruding through his left pant leg and apparently he felt no pain. He grabbed onto an old man who was serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole and dragged him down to the pavement.
Carl rubbed his chin while staring at the screen in confusion for several seconds before spotting the bookmobile puttering through the open gate and into the darkness beyond the flood lights.
“Hmm,” was the only thing he could think to say before reaching for the power button and turning the video monitor off.
The old man saw a flashing red button on the computer screen warning that the prison's cistern atop the water tower was down below twenty percent capacity. There were also the words Shut Off Sprinklers on the screen? He clicked the icon that had the word yes.
Several more computer prompts came up and he began sorting through them.


Public address speakers throughout Bayonne played another prerecorded message that announced the fire had been extinguished and order had been restored.
“Hear that, George? Time’s running out. If we don't head for the gate now we could be stuck in here?” Vito said while following his overweight friend through the prison kitchen as the overhead sprinklers finally shut off.
George paused for a second and the sound of more yells and gunshots outside could be clearly heard. He raised a skeptical eyebrow and shook his head.
“I don't get it. Do you like prison life so much that you won't even try to escape?” Vito grunted and slammed a fist down on one of the kitchen counters.
George found a long stainless steel ladle and picked it up. He swung the three foot long kitchen utensil experimentally a few times before answering. “You were watching the news on TV last week in the day room. Remember the rioting in Japan and all the bad Godzilla jokes and crap? I heard that cities all over the world are having the same troubles and it's spreading. Maybe there's some kind of sickness that makes people go nuts and start killing everybody.”
Vito laughed and said, “Bayonne has had people with that particular illness for decades, pal.”
George walked toward the pantries and didn't bother to answer.
Vito sighed and followed.

As George looked at the soaked cases of canned food Vito whispered, “Did you hear that?”
George looked back toward the end of the kitchen nearest the dining hall and nodded. There was someone yelling a mixture of English and Spanish profanities and something clattered loudly in the dining hall. The voice sounded familiar.
Jose was bleeding badly as he burst into the kitchen and grabbed a very large cooking pot. He dumped out the soggy mashed potatoes on the floor then spotted Vito and George. “Hey you guys, quick, get something! They're coming!” He shouted as he ran around the stainless steel counters toward them.
When he was almost where they were standing, two men came through the swinging door.
Vito recognized one of them as a new guard named Gunderson, even though he was wearing a crimson blood stained doctor's lab coat. The guard was looking and sniffing at the floor, following the trails of blood spots Jose had left.
None of them recognized the chubby Reverend Stevens dressed in a suit with what looked like a priest’s collar around his neck. He may or may not have been religious at one time, but upon spotting the trio of prisoners Reverend Stevens climbed quickly over a metal counter, knocking several clattering items to the floor, and trotted toward them.

George grabbed a large can of corn and threw it at the guard in the bloody doctor’s coat. It missed, but Vito grabbed several others and started throwing them too.
His aim was much better, but the impact of the cans had little discernible effect.
Jose climbed up on one of the wooden shelves. It was awkward and took a while to do because he hadn't let go of the very large cooking pot.
George saw the guard in a doctor's ripped and bloody lab coat had a gun holstered at his side and handed Vito the ladle. “They're fucked up. You hit them,” he said, before running deeper into the pantry between the floor- to-ceiling shelves containing a wide variety of food provisions.

The reverend reached up for Jose and apparently hadn't noticed Vito.
Jose turned the large pot upside down and dropped it on the reverend's head.
The pot was large enough to typically hold twenty five gallons of food, such as mashed potatoes, or to accommodate the head and shoulders of an apparently insane reverend. The impact of the large heavy pot knocked him to the floor and Vito paused long enough to whack the bottom of the pot a few times before running past the reverend.

George heard the gong-like sound and slid across the wet tiled floor as he ran and nearly fell.
Fat people don't run particularly well or very fast under the best of circumstances, but being chased by a seemingly crazy guard wearing a blood stained lab coat just made matters much worse.
He didn't think or try to develop any sort of strategy. All George wanted was to get as far away from the crazy looking guard as possible. Having never been assigned to the kitchen at Bayonne Prison, he quickly found himself lost after running through a maze of tall pantry shelves.
After a minute of running, he broke out into a large open section near the rear of the kitchen and tripped over several large cardboard tubes of powdered pudding mix that someone had left on the floor beside a long counter.
He grabbed onto the counter and felt it rolling away before falling hard to the wet floor. His knees took the brunt of the fall as he yelled incoherently and rolled through the spilled powdered pudding mix.

A nasty phlegmatic sounding cackling laugh came from off to his right.
George looked up and over while struggling back to his feet.
An old skinny man wearing an apron was smoking a cigarette. He was leaning against a long row of large metal sinks that reminded George of the restaurant he briefly worked at as a dishwasher when he'd been a teenager and trying to save money for college.
The old man's smile faded and then disappeared as he looked beyond George.
Quickly approaching footfalls made the young man look back where he'd just come from.
The blood splattered guard in the lab coat was bursting out from between the shelves and his eyes were focused only on George as the very obese young man finally got back to his feet. He'd really hoped to lose the crazed guard while running through the maze-like rows of shelves. George was equally dismayed and scared to see him again so soon while panting and feeling more tired than any time in recent memory. His feet couldn't move as the guard ran straight toward him. He was exhausted.
The old man with the cigarette yelled, “Run, fat boy!”
George tried to follow his sensible suggestion, but the guard was faster. He leaped forward and grabbed onto his thick flabby right arm at the wrist.
Until that moment he'd only seen him at a distance, which was bad enough, but up close and personal George could no longer entertain thoughts that he was just a crazy guard. He stared in disbelief at the guard's bloody torn open neck, at the clearly visible glistening network of shredded veins and arteries, and reacted more out of revulsion than fear as he finally accepted the highly unlikely, yet undeniable fact; he was about to be bitten by a zombie.
George swiftly brought his other arm around and slammed down his large fist as hard as he could on top of the guard's head.
The guard fell and George staggered toward the line of wheeled counters. There were a few large stainless steel mixing bowls filled with recently prepared chocolate pudding for the prisoners dessert. He picked up the bowls and threw them at the guard that was getting back up.
The first bowl's contents splattered on the tiled floor between them. The second bowl flew past him and into the aisle between the shelves. The third hit the guard in the head just as he started forward once more. The slimy chocolate pudding filled the guard's face before the bowl clattered loudly to the floor.
George took advantage of the guard's temporary blindness to retreat toward the row of large sinks.

“What the heck did you do to piss him off?” The old man smoking a cigarette asked, as George leaned heavily against the row of sinks and tried not to be sick.
While his stomach churned uneasily, mostly from the sight of the guard's neck, he deeply regretted having eaten so much dinner. Willing himself not to puke, George shook his head and tried to catch his breath.
The old skinny man tossed the remainder of his cigarette into one of the sinks saying, “Your buddy's coming for you again. See you later, alligator.”
George saw the old man moving quickly back into the shadows beyond the sinks and turned around toward the guard.

He hadn't wiped away the pudding, but his impaired vision didn't seem to be much of a hindrance. Snuffling loudly and reaching out blindly, the guard was once more closing in on him.
God, if I get out of this mess, I swear I'm going to lose some weight! George prayed, while reaching back toward the sink for something to throw. His hand brushed against one of the hoses attached to the sprayer nozzles used for rinsing out various kitchen pots, pans, and utensils.
He pulled the hose and pointed the sprayer nozzle at the guard. Holding down the handle trigger, he hoped the water was just as hot in Bayonne's kitchens as it had been when he worked at the restaurant. On just his second night on the job he'd accidentally given himself a bad second degree burn while washing dishes.
The gushing stream of water was both much hotter and stronger than George had expected as it arced out and hit the pudding covered undead guard in the chest then as he adjusted his aim, it hit him forcefully in his face.

The industrial size kitchen at Bayonne was equipped with mammoth water heaters. The thermostats were set significantly higher than typical home water heaters and numerous warning placards were mounted around the sinks informing literate prisoners to use caution to avoid severe burns. George hadn’t spotted them and probably would have sprayed the crazy, possibly undead, guard even if he’d seen the warnings.

The guard's skin turned bright pink within seconds as the not quite boiling hot water hit his face. His bulbous nose quickly erupted as the fluids in the guard's skin heated up.
George felt even more nauseated as he kept spraying the undead man. He'd still had nagging doubts whether he was truly a zombie before hitting him with the stream of high pressure super hot water. But they completely vanished as the guard's face bubbled into a ghastly looking collection of large ugly swollen pustules.
A living man, even an insane one, would never be able to take such agonizing pain without turning and running away but the guard only groaned loudly and raised his hands in a feeble attempt to shield his face and continued struggling toward George.
“Hey, fat boy! What's wrong with that guy?!” The old man yelled from the shadowy corner of the kitchen where he was watching in fascination what was going on
“He's a damn zombie! Find something to hit it with!” George yelled back.

Sixty year old Gus Winthrope was serving a life sentence for murder, but seemed to have lost all interest in killing anyone or anything else. Plus, he'd survived twenty-nine years in prison by obeying the unspoken rule of never interfering in a fight and didn't see any reason to change his philosophy now. The old man snatched up his pack of cigarettes before turning and trotting toward the loading docks, thinking, Zombies? Well, shit fire and save the matches. Good luck, fat boy.

George was having a difficult time looking at the guard as the bubbling blistering red mass of erupting facial skin seemed to begin melting and tearing apart. When the stream of water hit the undead man’s eyes they seemed to grow impossibly large for a few seconds before the left one popped and he quickly sprayed lower.
George’s stomach bucked and jerked and a foul belch came up into his mouth as the massive amount of dinner once again threatened to reverse gears in his digestive system and come back out.
When the undead guard’s facial skin started peeling and tearing open and the other eye popped out of the socket and hung by a piece of thin pink tissue George couldn’t stand another second. He screamed and took off running back toward the dining hall.

I’ve run more in the last few minutes than in my entire life. God, I’m serious, get me out of this and I’m going on a diet. I swear it! George prayed as he lumbered back toward the front of the kitchen.
He almost tripped over a pallet jack used to haul around heavy loads. Swerving around it, he got an idea when he saw the pallet was stacked with several hundred pounds of flour in big sacks. He grabbed the handle and began pulling.
Down the corridor he’d just come from, he heard a horrible guttural howling noise and he glanced back. Without much surprise he saw the lab coat wearing zombie guard following.
George was tempted to yell “Piss off!” at the monstrosity, but realized it had to be tracking him by sound or smell at this point. The mental image of the guard’s eyes was something he hoped to someday forget, but doubted he would.
Pulling the loaded pallet jack to an open space of floor, he caught a glimpse of Jose and Vito. They had tied up the revered to a support beam with a long extension cord.

George felt tempted to yell for their help, but something he didn't recognize inside himself said, “No, you've come this far. You can do this.”
Looking over the stacks of several hundred pounds of flour sacks, he waited until the undead guard came out of the corridor. Screaming angrily, George put his massive weight to use and pushed the heavy load toward him. He got the load moving fairly fast and slammed it against the undead guard.
Gunderson was knocked off his feet and slammed into the corner of the kitchen where a giant industrial style dough mixer was located
George pushed the pallet so that it was partly over one of the guard's legs and hit the release lever that dropped the load, quite effectively pinning him to the floor. After confirming the undead guard couldn’t get loose, George walked shakily back toward Vito and Jose.

Nearby, Vito knelt down and was looking at the securely tied up reverend while shaking his head.
George was breathing hard as he came over and asked, “What's wrong with him?”
Vito poked a few easily visible bloody bullet holes in the reverend's chest with the ladle before saying, “I'm no doctor, but I think his problem is that he's suffering from a bad case of being dead: Dead and running around.”
Jose nodded and whispered, “Zombies.”

Vito and George looked at the bite marks on Jose's arm and backed away from him.
“I'm okay, you idiots! Don't look at me like that,” Jose said, while pawing through the first aid kit that had been hanging on one of the walls. “How do you know he’s a zombie? I mean, really how can we really tell?” Jose asked.
George almost mentioned the guard in the doctor's coat that had his face boiled off, but was too busy trying to keep his stomach from reversing gears as he wheezed and struggled to catch his breath.
Vito crossed over to a counter beside the walk-in freezer where a collection of knives were arrayed in an easy to see if any were missing arrangement, that guards would check before letting the kitchen staff leave for the night. He picked up a long butcher’s knife and came back over to the reverend.
George backed up asking, “What if you're wrong? If you stab him with that thing it would be murder.”
Vito nodded and went ahead to cut through the reverend's neck.
George and Jose looked away for a few seconds until there was a thud sound and Vito said, “Nope, it wasn't murder. This guy's already dead.”
Jose whispered a prayer in Spanish and George finally worked up the courage to look over.

The reverend's head was lying in his lap. The mouth was still opening and closing as the eyes looked up at George until Vito slammed the long blade through one of the eye sockets. The mouth stopped opening and closing and Vito pulled the knife back out and wiped the blood off the blade against the reverend's pants.
George watched as Vito searched through the man's pockets. He pulled out a set of keys and his wallet.
“We need to get the hell out of here,” Jose said as he finished bandaging his arm.
George shook his head slowly and walked back over toward the pinned guard trapped under the pallet of flour.

Jose went over to Vito as he tossed the empty wallet on the dead reverend’s body and slid the cash he'd found inside a pocket. “Come on, man, let's ditch el gordo. You and me can find the car that goes with those keys and be gone in no time.”
“Don't call him gordo,” Vito said quietly and looked over at George before continuing. “Where do you think we could go? I mean, even if we found the car and someone hasn't already hot wired it, where would we go?”
“For a start we could get away from here, very far away from here.”
Vito watched George lift a big sack of flour and toss it on the guard's chest then another and another until the undead guard was fairly well pinned to the floor.

George stepped over and slid the guard's handgun from the holster then checked his pockets for extra bullets. He found two speed loaders and went back over to the others. Looking at Vito, he handed him the gun and asked, “Has it been fired?”
Vito quickly flipped open the revolver's barrel and saw it was fully loaded. “Nope, whatever happened to him must have been quick,” Vito said then tried to hand the gun back, but George just shook his head.
“I don't know anything about guns. I've never even fired a real one. The closest I've ever come is playing video games. I'd probably end up shooting myself by accident.”
Jose grunted in disgust, but Vito only smiled saying, “Don't sweat it. I'll teach you sometime.”

“We need to go,” Jose said again.
“No, that would be stupid,” Vito said crossing over to unbuckle and remove the guard's gun-belt. “You tell me where we could go that has forty foot high walls of granite, like Bayonne, and then I'll consider leaving.”
“This is a prison, you loco gringo. What do you think will happen to us once the guards get control again?” Jose asked.
“They won't,” George said quietly, looking at the weakly struggling undead guard buried under several hundred pounds of flour sacks.
“What do you mean, they won't?”
Vito nodded saying, “George is right, Jose. If they couldn't get the guards to show up for work when they had Bayonne under control, why would they come now that it's in complete chaos?”
“You're saying we should take the prison for ourselves? That's loco.”
Vito buckled the gun-belt around his waist and said, “I doubt we could take the whole prison, and I don't think we need more than A-Block to hole up in, anyway. I think, for now at least, we should just barricade ourselves inside it and stay put until things calm down.”
“Then what? Besides, all the food is here. If we're going to stay at Bayonne we'll need food. Why not stay in here?”
Vito shrugged and looked at George. “What do you think?”
“Speaking as a 'gordo',” George said sullenly then paused to give Jose a dirty look before continuing, “...it's tempting to stay here. But it’s probably a bad idea. The Sabres, the skinheads, and all the other gangs might leave the prison, but if they don't it's only a matter of time until they get hungry and come here. I don't know about you guys, but I don't want to be in their way.”
“Alright, that's smart,” Vito said and turned to Jose holding out the keys he took from the reverend. “So, what's it going to be, Jose? You still want to leave and take your chances or help us gather some food and get our asses back to A Block?”
Jose bit his lower lip and stared at the keys for a few seconds before sighing and saying, “Okay. Let's find some food and get somewhere safe.”


LaShod backed away as Scar came charging out of the workshop and swung a four foot long piece of metal at his head. He felt the wind of it as it passed over when he ducked and ran toward the roughly same sized man and punched him. His fist connected solidly to the big man's solar plexus. Scar stumbled back and almost dropped the piece of metal, but then the captain felt something hit him hard in the back.
As LaShod had dealt with Scar, the younger skinhead had run up behind him and swung the hammer that he was holding. It was a heavy mallet style hammer used for pounding on metal, but also worked quite effectively as a weapon.
The captain thought something was busted as his back screamed in agony. Staggering unsteadily and expecting another blow, he heard the young man behind him suddenly squeal out in pain.

Janice Carson's father had been very protective of his daughter and made her take various self defense classes as a teenager. She'd only had a couple of chances to use her skills since then, but the would-be mugger who's arm she broke and the guy she went on a date with who tried to get grabby and received a broken nose and a pair of badly bruised testicles could both attest she was a very capable and dangerous woman who could easily defend herself.
The idea of running off if things went badly, as the captain had suggested, seemed stupid to the young reporter. She knew the prison was having a riot and as if that weren't bad enough, there also apparently were a number of undead people thrown into the mix. She ran over and kicked the hammer wielding skinhead once in the back of his leg. Then quickly two more times after he fell to the ground- one kick in the chest, and another in the young man's crotch.
He let go of the hammer and curled up in a ball of moaning and swearing misery as she scooped up the heavy mallet.

LaShod was circling and dodging the long piece of metal Scar was swinging, but quickly tiring as his back pain seemed to grow worse instead of better with each passing second. The gang member took a big swing at his head and as the captain dodged he dropped it and tackled him as it clanged to the ground.
Scar didn’t know what was going on throughout the prison, but felt time was growing short and the idea of dragging out this fight any longer would be a bad mistake. He wrapped both hands around the captain’s neck and squeezed while ignoring LaShod’s punches, even as he felt his nose being shattered. (You didn’t earn a nickname like Scar without also having suffered a fairly large number of broken noses)
“Die, you nasty piece of nigger shit!” Scar screamed as blood gushed from his nose.
LaShod was seeing bright flashes of light and barely conscious when Janice brought the heavy mallet down on the back of Scar’s head as hard as she could. The five pound hammer caved in the back of Scar’s skull with such force that a considerable amount of blood squirted out through both his eyes and one ear.
The dead gang member collapsed atop LaShod and it took several seconds of pushing for Janice to roll him off.
She checked the captain for a heartbeat and watched as the other gang member ran back into the workshop building. LaShod’s heart was still beating, but he was unconscious. Slapping his face gently, she whispered, “Wake up.”
His eyelids fluttered but LaShod didn't seem able to open them.
Janice scooped up the hammer at the same moment she heard running footsteps approaching from behind. She spun around and spotted at least half a dozen young inmates, all with shaved heads, running through the workshop toward her. She sprinted toward the athletics field and dropped the heavy hammer after only a few seconds. Risking a glance over her shoulder when she reached a tall chain link fence that separated the baseball and football field, Janice tripped over something and fell hard in the grass.
Before she could even get to her knees the convicts were there. They were laughing and yelling as they tore off her clothes.

Captain LaShod opened his eyes as the reporter's screams echoed back from the prison’s tall granite walls. It was the most he felt capable of doing for several moments. The rear of his uniform shirt had only a bit of blood on it from the back wound he'd gotten, but the pain was so intense every time he tried to move he decided it would be easier to just give up and closed his eyes.
The reporter's shrill screams were very grating and almost as difficult to deal with as his back wound.


From one of the camera views Carl saw a great many inmates still milling around near the open gate and wondered why they were staring at the administration building. He switched cameras and saw some men pouring gasoline through some of the broken ground floor windows. In less than a minute smoke was pouring from the windows and the inmates were cheering so loud that Carl could hear them even inside the librarian's office.
A braying alarm started sounding as Carl switched camera views inside the Administration Building. Some support personnel had barricaded themselves inside the warden's office and as they started panicking after smelling smoke the old man tried to reactivate the fire suppression sprinklers.
On the computer screen a flashing prompt requested a code to reinitialize the fire protocols.
Carl stared in disbelief and tried using some of the codes Bobby had written down, but after each wrong answer he had to restart the entire fire suppression program again. And each time he restarted it he would glance at the warden's office on the monitor. The people were choking on the fumes drifting up from downstairs. Tears ran down Carl's face as he kept trying different codes.

After five minutes the sprinklers came back on, but it was far too late; either to save the people or the Administration Building. The same automated public address message from before began to play, and those doors that had swung shut earlier once more opened.

Carl switched camera views of what was going on inside the burning building. Room after room was filled with so much smoke he couldn't see what was happening, until he clicked on the camera covering the infirmary hallway. The prison ward for psychiatric cases was located at the rear of the Administration Building. Every door was standing open and a parade of convicts was mirthfully marching outside.
Carl realized nearly all of them were still dressed in the dark blue uniforms reserved for those convicts that had been relegated to the Maximum Security Block for the mentally insane or just those deemed too psychotic to be with the general inmate population. They were banging bedpans together and then he saw that the most notorious and feared prisoner in all of Bayonne was leading them; Twisto The Clown.

He was born Ezekiel Thorne but would only respond to the name Twisto since his arrival at Bayonne. When he first came few guards and almost none of the other inmates had any idea just how dangerous he was. Part of the problem stemmed from how charming and genuinely funny he could be at times, the rest of it was his normal appearance. He was bald, thirty-six years old, stood just shy of six foot tall, and was of medium build. After the trial, his court appointed psychiatrist wrote a tell-all behind the scenes biography with a title that summed him up quite aptly; Twisto: Behind the Smiling Mask of Madness.
The first half of the book detailed Ezekiel's relatively sane childhood, although interviews with his neighbors did bring into question his suspected involvement with several pet mutilations that began as he entered his teens and ended only after he moved away. Cats were the most commonly killed pets followed closely by dogs, and there was one case of a python that had somehow escaped its cage and been found dead and twisted like a pretzel. The snake was tied from the front doors of Ezekiel’s synagogue.
The number of disturbing pet deaths varied over the years and most likely at least some of them were not committed by Twisto. Although, at the trial he gleefully recounted several horrible acts that sent some jurors in search of psychiatric help after he was convicted. At one of his psychiatric interviews he was asked why he'd pulled the fur off so many different cats in a multitude of ways.
Ezekiel Thorne tilted his head as far as it would bend to the left before answering. He smiled broadly and said, “I wanted to see for myself if there really is more than one way to skin a cat. It turns out the old saying is right, there is.”
The rest of the book on Twisto detailed his long line of victims he'd tortured and usually killed as an adult. He was repeatedly hired by unsuspecting parents to perform at birthday parties. While performing, he would scout out potential victims and look for homes that lacked security alarms in particular. Then later come back and either kidnap his targets or at least in one case put on a very different kind of performance in the same house he'd been at as a lovable capering happy clown.
At his trial when family members had asked why he'd done it, Twisto answered as sincerely and truthfully as he could. “I did it because it was fun.” Then he proceeded to tell dirty jokes until he was gagged at the judge's order.

When he was sent to Bayonne Prison, Ezekiel was initially placed in Cell Block A. That was almost a year earlier, and at first he seemed to be behaving himself and made a great many friends. He told everyone to call him Twisto. Many prisoners were impressed by his ability to juggle, sing, dance, and his seemingly endless supply of filthy jokes. Whenever he could buy candy from the prison shop, after earning money doing work or getting some sent to him from relatives, he'd always purchase hard candy mints and saved them up until his birthday. He saved them because he had a plan.
During all that time of gathering candy he had been making a mental list of fellow inmates he most wanted to see dead. At the very top was a double murderer.
An ex-navy man named Roger Wilson who had killed his wife's mother and father at a not quite successful Thanksgiving gathering, hated Twisto and would often beat him until the guards, or more often the clown's followers, rushed in to save him.
Once, Wilson confided to Jose that Twisto's high pitched voice was infuriatingly scary when he acted like a clown, which was incessantly.
Jose, Vito, and a majority of other inmates steered well clear of Twisto and his growing group of followers. There was a hard to define something about the guy that made most of the smarter convicts avoid him. The less intelligent ones seemed drawn to him “like flies to dog shit,” Vito would often say but only when he was out of earshot of the clown or his fans, friends, and minions.

On his birthday, Twisto got a trio of his toughest mentally deficient followers to forcefully bring Wilson into his cell and hold him down. There were muffled cries coming from Twisto's cell, but because it was located on the fourth floor of the cell block no guard's heard it, plus he had many of his minions down in the common area singing loudly to help cover the noises.
Twisto and the others in his cell shoved every piece of hard candy he'd saved down Wilson's throat. He even got some of his followers to contribute theirs sweets as well. No one thought to ask why. They were just happy to help Twisto.
Stuffing Wilson was a messy endeavor that took even longer to complete because he threw up repeatedly once they'd stuffed him with several pounds of hard candy, wrappers and all. Twisto was afraid Wilson would die before he was ready to unveil his demented and perhaps unnecessarily messy plan for revenge. He had him stripped naked and began inserting candy up into his rectum. Things went along much quicker and relatively smoother after that.
By the time the last piece of candy was inserted Wilson's stomach was very noticeably and sickeningly distended. They tied a 'rope' made out of several bed sheets around the double murderers ankles and Twisto told his giggling minions to wait for the signal and started down the stairs.
A man he called Spazzo was the clown’s most loyal number one fan. He tied the other end of the ‘rope’ to the bars of the cell and watched in near adoration as Twisto went down toward the commons area.
Twisto sang happy birthday boisterously as he went downstairs, and his friends, followers and a few other prisoners had joined in. (He really did have a remarkable singing voice) When he reached the commons room he bowed as his fan club applauded and cheered the birthday boy.
Twisto then asked in his high pitched voice, “Hey! Who here like piñatas?”
When several men shouted that they did, he said, “Good news, kiddies, I've got one. All we need is something to bust open a piñata with. Does anyone have any ideas?”
After the assembled crowd of prisoners suggested using: a hairbrush, a fist, a cock, and a few even less probable tools Twisto raised his hands and asked, “Hey, how about a broomstick?”
There was much nodding of heads and a general murmuring agreement that a broomstick might work fairly well. Twisto then grinned, reached into his pants and began pulling out half a broken stick he'd hidden there.

The men laughed as he pretended it was his penis and stroked it while pulling it from his pants. Twisto then signaled Spazzo and the other two men upstairs holding a weakly struggling, naked, stuffed, and gagged Wilson. They pushed him over the railing and lowered him down until there was no more 'rope'.
The lack of understanding regarding simple mathematics when figuring out how many bed sheets were needed resulted in Wilson's body jerking to a stop and slowly spinning almost twelve feet off the floor. Twisto grumbled as he ran upstairs to the first landing, “I always hated math.”
The attendees of the birthday party were laughing at Wilson as Twisto reached a place where he could hit the unorthodox barely alive writhing and spinning piñata. As he playfully swung the broomstick, Twisto sang.
“Who can take a guy,
string him way up high!?
Whack him with a stick,
because he’s a nasty prick!
Who's the guy!?”
The crowd of very excited prisoners jumped up and down while giddily shouting, “Twisto!” over and over.

The closed circuit video feed of the commons room showed the Wilson piñata hanging upside down and the guards reacted by setting off the alarm and hurrying down the connecting hallway. But they were much too late to prevent the piñata from being broken open and raining down partially digested candy (along with a sizable amount of intestines, blood, and fecal matter) upon the birthday revelers.
One of the guards who later wrote up the event in his daily report described the scene like this: By the time I arrived in the commons area prisoner Roger Wilson was very dead. His naked corpse was spinning suspended upside down several feet above the floor by a rope made out of bed sheets tied together. His midsection looked like a ruptured blood filled canister of biscuit dough. Most of the inmates below were gathering up candy. A few were yanking and tugging on the intestines hanging down from the deceased Wilson as if they were party streamers. When they pulled on his guts more candy fell from the corpse along with a sizable amount of fecal matter.

Since that day, Twisto had been confined to the Psychiatric Cell Block and Dr. Hagan, the Head of Bayonne's clinic, had repeatedly begged the warden to have Twisto transferred to another correctional facility.
But he never was, and now he and his followers were free.


Rikert hated using the elevated catwalks that crisscrossed above some of the buildings, but with the prisoners running wild in the courtyard and around all the cell blocks he decided despite his fear of heights it would probably be the safest way to reach the power building. The guard saw flames erupting from the administration building and heard an odd mixture of screams and yells as Bayonne's population celebrated their much appreciated and unexpected emancipation. When he reached the roof of the workshop building there was a scream that sounded very much like a woman's echoing back from the distant granite walls. It forced him to stop and look around.
At the rear of the workshop, he spotted Captain LaShod slowly crawling across the gravel driveway.
There was no way down from the roof nearby. The closest staircase was back at the cafeteria building and Rikert didn't think there would be enough time to run all the way there and get to his captain's side before something else happened to him. LaShod's uniform shirt was torn and bloody and from the way he was barely moving, Rikert feared he'd be dead long before he could get there.
There was another scream and howls of laughter drifting over from the darkened athletics field.
It can’t be a woman. Why would there be a woman at Bayonne? he thought, while cautiously hurrying to the edge of the slanted roof. Looking nervously down at the twelve foot drop to the gravel, he bit his lip and lowered himself to a sitting position on the edge of the roof.
Aside from the captain, it looked deserted below and he checked that the safety was engaged before dropping the shotgun to the ground. Swiveling around, he grabbed the edge of the roof and lowered his body before taking a deep breath and letting go.
He landed hard but didn't feel anything break, although his ankles objected as hurried over to retrieve the shotgun.

LaShod heard footsteps crunching across the gravel toward him and wearily lifted his head. He barely recognized the young guard and gasped, “Help me.”
“Take it easy, captain,” Rikert whispered as he lifted him to a semi standing position and slung LaShod's arm around his neck.
After they crossed to the rear of the cafeteria building, LaShod mumbled something about helping a reporter. But Rikert had no idea who he was talking about and assumed the captain was delirious from pain. He hoped someone at the power station knew first aid, because other than being able to place a bandage on a simple cut he knew very little.

As they passed two large tractor trailer rigs parked at the cafeteria's loading dock, Rikert heard fewer gunshots coming from the main gate. He hoped that meant the situation was coming under control, but felt a heavy cold fear in the pit of his stomach that it could mean just the opposite. The prisoners had somehow overwhelmed the guards.
After hurrying past the trucks he stopped and stared in confused disbelief at the figures kneeling between the power station and the loading docks. It didn't make sense and Rikert’s mind was having a difficult time comprehending the sight before him.

Several men were bent over someone who appeared to have had sizable portions of his flesh ripped, bitten, and torn from the bones. The blood splattered figures were all busy and noisily eating and hadn't noticed Rikert or the captain.
The man lying on the ground opened his somewhat dull clouded eyes and turned his head. He stared straight at Rikert and growled before pushing away the diners feasting on his body. One by one, the others turned and realized that there was fresh living meat just a few yards away.
“Shoot them,” LaShod said weakly to the young guard.
Rikert lifted the shotgun and fired as the undead stood and started toward them.

The less than lethal shotgun ammunition struck them and caused a few to fall, but the rest began trotting and yelling.
LaShod pulled the guard's revolver from its holster and opened fire at them.
If he hadn't been so tired and in so much pain from his back injuries, the captain might have been more accurate with his aim. He missed entirely with the first shot. The second bullet struck a man with short gray hair directly in his nose and a spray of brains, blood, and bits of skull splashed across those men behind him. The last four bullets also struck some of them, but part of the reason was due to their closing the distance in what seemed to be a nightmarish fast speed.
Rikert kept firing the shotgun, but other than momentarily stunning the undead there was very little discernible effect. The young guard began using the shotgun as a club and swung it down on the head of the closest undead. But it grabbed the barrel just as it started down and opened his mouth to yell.
Rikert thrust the barrel's tip inside the man's mouth, breaking several teeth in the process, and fired.

The bean bag type of, less than lethal, shotgun ammunition was never intended to be fired inside a man's mouth or even an undead man's mouth for that matter. The force in such a tight enclosed space was more than sufficient to cause both of his eyeballs to spring out like a madman's idea of a toy. (Twisto would have loved it)
Rikert didn't have time to dwell on who would purchase such a thing, other than possibly the Addam's Family.
Kicking at them and yelling in confused fear, Rikert felt their hands grabbing and tearing at his uniform. He noticed the odd cool almost clammy feel of them, but even then didn't understand the attackers were undead. Teeth bit down on his arm as he reached for a canister of combination mace and pepper spray. It hurt like hell but he managed to hold the canister and pressed the button. The white cloud of spray seemed to at least momentarily confuse the attackers, but as Rikert continued to stagger and carry LaShod toward the power building he saw them doggedly following.

Gunshots came from behind him, and Rikert fully expected to feel the bullets strike him, but then saw the pursuers falling. He turned and saw a very chubby guard standing in the open garage door entryway of the power station.
“Hurry up! We gotta close the roll top door before more of them show up!” The chubby guard yelled.
Rikert's arm was torn and bleeding considerably and he felt more tired with every step taken. But somehow he managed to get LaShod inside the garage. 
The chubby guard hit the button that started the garage door noisily rolling down its tracks and continued firing at the undead until it was finally shut.

LaShod heard the dull metallic boom sound as the door closed. The sound seemed to bring him back to almost full consciousness. He saw the chubby guard quickly reloading his pistol and then heard someone outside hitting the garage door.
It was made of some kind of new metal that was supposed to be bullet proof and LaShod wasn't worried that they could ever break in.
Rikert found a bottle of water on a storage crate and took a long sip before handing it to the captain.
LaShod finished off the rest of the water and crossed fairly steadily over to the chubby guard. “Good work, Billie. I need to borrow that gun.”
Billie looked confused.
“I lost mine and need to go check to make sure the rest of the building is secure,” LaShod explained before asking, “How many other guards made it here other than you?”
Handing over the gun, Billie said, “Three. Sheffield's in the can. The old guy who spits whenever he talks is bandaging up Ryan on the other side of the van. I was just about to shut the garage door when I saw you two coming. Guess I did pretty good, huh boss?”
“Yeah, you done good,” LaShod said turning. “Rikert, go get your arm looked at. I'll be back after I go check on a few things. And thanks for saving my ass back there.”
The young guard nodded with a tired smile. “We actually made it. We're safe.”
“Yeah, safe,” LaShod said softly as he wearily climbed the steps leading from the garage into the power station's main hallway. Opening the heavy metal door slowly he wished he could believe they really were safe.

The hallway of the power station was deserted except for the cardboard boxes filled with appropriated food that were stacked along one wall. He checked the monitor room and saw it was deserted as well. A familiar soft rushing sound of the air exchangers coming through the vents and faint chirping of various electronics made him feel almost safe for the first time since before the execution.
LaShod limped over to the mini fridge and pulled a bottle of beer out. He twisted off the cap and tossed it across the room, wishing he'd thought to have someone bring in a larger quantity of alcoholic beverages.
In great pain he gingerly sat down at the desk, took a long drink, and reached for the phone. He lifted the handset and was disappointed, yet not very surprised, to hear no dial tone. After slamming it down he groaned and checked the desk drawers for any pain medication, but found nothing helpful.
There should be a first aid kit out in the garage. Maybe there's something in there to tamp down my back pain. I never thought we might need medicine. Of course, I never thought we'd be facing a prison uprising coupled with undead mother fuckers either. I just wish there was some way I could warn the police in town about what's going on.
He took another sip of beer and considered the van out in the garage. It was armored and had bullet resistant glass, but the idea of driving it out and trying to make it to somewhere to call the cops seemed beyond his abilities. He considered asking for a volunteer to make the drive as he finished off the bottle of beer.
After a few more seconds, he nodded and tried to stand up.

His back screamed in protest and the pain was just short of torture, but after several long seconds he unsteadily stood up and saw a bit of blood on the back of the chair. As he shuffled toward the door, LaShod coughed and tasted blood. It was difficult for him to catch his breath and the very real and unpleasant possibility that one of his lungs, or maybe both, were filling with blood scared him.
Captain LaShod felt tired and leaned against the right wall of the hallway as he continued slowly back toward the garage. It seemed a long way to go. With each step he felt weaker.
Halfway there, he heard screams and yells coming from inside the garage. Ignoring the pain, he hurried the last few steps to the door.


George was shocked but not by the crowds of seemingly crazed convicts fighting amongst themselves and shooting almost wildly at anyone they chose; those things actually seemed fairly normal at Bayonne Prison. No, what surprised him was the fact that during the trip to their Cell Block he, Vito, and Jose had been mostly unmolested which seemed like a miracle.
Not that Vito had been shy about waving off anyone who approached them, as George and Jose pushed two heavily laden carts of food supplies. So far he'd actually only had to fire one time. An old man wearing the shredded remnants of his orange prison uniform was soaked in blood and trailing a long foul smelling rope of intestines behind him.
The old man came through a cloud of smoke drifting over from the administration building, and George thought he was more pitiful looking than threatening as he shuffled toward them. Vito was walking ahead of the carts and only took a second before firing. The old undead man fell and Vito kicked the body off the sidewalk so the cart wheels wouldn't get tangled in the intestines.
There was a chorus of screams and yells coming from near the front gate, but the smoke was so thick none of them could see it. All three were coughing and having difficulty breathing.

At one point, George became disoriented when his cart rolled off the sidewalk and found himself faced with the outer walls of Cell Block D. He stared at the hands reaching through the barred windows and the terrified faces trying to breathe as more smoke drifted out of the building.
Vito appeared at his side and helped George get the cart rolling in the right direction once more.
When they managed to make it to the courtyard it was easier to breathe and all three men paused and greedily sucked down deep lungfuls of the clearer air.
George felt dizzy and disoriented as he looked around.

To their left, the stately looking administration building was burning like a bonfire. Huge flames erupted from all the windows of the four story building and even over the yells coming from the gate there were sounds of explosions and gunfire issuing forth from inside the structure.
The security office and armory had begun to burn and the munitions stored inside were going off in sporadic bursts.
Beyond the administration bonfire, the large open gate was surrounded by bodies strewn on the ground and dozens of men fighting with each other. There was still gunfire coming from that direction as well, although the frequency of shots was much less than before.
“We need to get to the cell block, guys,” Vito said nervously.
George turned and saw what Vito was looking at.
The entrance to Cell Block D was barricaded with a van. Someone had parked it right up against the metal door so it couldn't be opened. There was a large group of skinheads cheering nearby as smoke continued to pour from the cell windows. Screams of the dying men trapped inside D Block drifted out and George felt sick as he finally realized what was going on.

Cell Block D was populated nearly entirely by black prisoners and the skinheads had somehow managed to set the building on fire. The yells for help and agonized screams had been going on since they'd left the cafeteria, but up until that moment George hadn't known the cause.
He took a step toward the barricaded door before Vito grabbed his arm and spun him around.
“Don't. Don't even think of going over there, George. I know you. You want to help those guys inside. But the skinheads will shoot you dead. Most of them have guns.
We have exactly one pistol and we won't help anyone by getting ourselves killed,” Vito urgently whispered. He saw tears in George's eyes. “Don't look over there anymore. If those shit heads see you crying they'll shoot you and probably me and Jose as well. Now, get your fat ass back over there and push the frigging cart,” Vito said and roughly pushed George back toward his cart.
As George started pushing once more, he stared at the sidewalk while thinking, Vito's just a coward. He's got a gun. Vito acts like he's tough but when it matters most he's nothing but a damn coward!

As they neared Cell Block A, Jose asked, “Hey guys, is that a woman over there?”
Vito looked where Jose was staring and saw a naked blood splattered woman chasing after a bald guy that none of them recognized. The skinny limping bald man tripped over a curb and screamed as the woman jumped on top of him and began strangling him.
“Come on, guys. We're almost safe. Just keep going,” Vito said and hurried toward Cell Block A.
Jose followed obediently and after a few seconds spent staring at the naked woman George hurried after them.

A big man was standing in the doorway to their cell block building. He was holding one of the guard's billy clubs but looked indecisive. As they hurried closer he took a step out from the doorway and then heard more gunshots coming from the main gate and backed up once more.
Jose recognized him as they got closer. “Yo, Jasper, what are you doing?”
The big man looked at Jose and the others before saying, “T... trying to... to leave, but it... it bad: Really crazy bad.”
“It's okay, man. We got food and a gun. Stay with us. It's not safe out here,” Jose said as George panted hard and leaned against his cart, while Vito watched the naked woman warily. She didn't seem to have noticed them yet as she continued doing something to the man lying near the road. It was hard to see what was going on because of the drifting smoke, but it didn’t look like she was up to anything good.
“Bad out here. Bad in there, too,” Jasper said in a choked voice, while wiping at his eyes and pointing toward Cell Block A.
“I don't give a fuck how bad it is inside. If we stay out here we will all get killed,” Vito said and reached for the door.

“Whoa, wait a second. What if the skinheads or some other crazy fuckers decide to torch our cell block building too?” George asked.
Vito swore and turned to look at the figures by D Block. There was laughter as they began piling into cars and trucks. While they watched, the rest of the skinheads that had been guarding the bonfire began to leave and the number of gunshots increased as the vehicles headed for the open gate.
When they were gone, Vito said, “We need to get inside. If someone tries to burn us out... I don't know what we'll do, but we'll think of something.”

George thought that was a pretty shitty answer and was about to say something more, but the sound of running feet approaching through the clouds of drifting smoke seemed to steal away his voice as well as his objection.
Vito opened the exterior door of A Block and stepped into the hallway. The nearby guard's office was a smoldering ruin and he noted the door was missing. He looked at Jasper but the big man just shrugged and said, “Don't look at me. I didn't take it or set the office on fire either.”
After Jose and George wheeled the carts of food inside Vito looked at Jasper and asked, “You coming in? It's dangerous out there.”
The big man sighed and walked back inside. Jasper was shuddering and having a hard time meeting anyone's eyes.
Jose walked over and patted Jasper on the shoulder. “Relax amigo. It's okay. We're safe now.”

There was laughter drifting from the common area of the cell block mixed with screams that charitably could be described as singing. The voices seemed happy but the sound made Jasper cover his ears and turn away with his eyes shut tight.
“I know that song, at least I think I recognize the tune. It's The Twist. It's an old rock song by a guy named Chubby Checker. My grandpa used to play it sometimes when I was a kid,” George said.
Jose and Vito exchanged worried looks that George didn't understand.
“What? What's wrong?” George asked.
Vito whispered, “Remember that sick fuck I told you about, Twisto?”
George nodded and felt the tiny hairs on his body rising up as goose bumps broke out on his skin. There were screams outside and someone began hitting the outer door as Jose said, “Twisto and his psycho buddies always liked to sing that song.”
Jasper nodded in agreement and shuddered.
Vito reloaded the revolver and said, “I don't care if he's in there. Twisto's leaving. And you guys are going to back me up, right?”
Jose looked back at the exterior door with a wistful expression. Jasper stared down at his shoes and George just appeared confused before asking, “Just how bad can he be?”

In the commons area of Cell Block A, twelve recent escapees from the Psychiatric Ward were badly singing their rendition of The Twist. They were all still dressed in their dark blue jumpsuits and each had bright white talcum powder covered faces with smeared on bloody smiles as they energetically sang. Unfortunately it seemed many of them had no idea how to carry a tune and were actually more shouting the lyrics than singing.
Another dozen or so rather dimwitted prisoners were sitting on the concrete floor looking up in excitement at the singers. They were swaying to the song and appeared be having a great time.
On the far side of the commons area several other slightly smarter prisoners were whispering and trying to decide what to do. The desire to quickly leave the building was growing and many of the men had already gone back to their cells to retrieve whatever personal belongings they wanted to bring along.
They stopped whispering and looked over as Vito and Jasper led a few other men into the common room. Two of them pushed carts into the closest cell and then all four walked over to join their group.

Vito and an old man named Joe, who most of the prisoners respected, began trying to figure out what to do and compared notes on what was going on. As they talked, Jasper stayed close to the hallway leading outside. Jose was talking with some of his friends and George walked over to the big man. “You're Jasper, right?”
The big man nodded but kept his eyes on the choir of tone deaf psychotics on the far side of the room.
George thought Jasper was one of the biggest prisoners he'd seen at Bayonne and wondered if the giant was right to be scared or if he just wasn't quite right in the head. “You don't have to worry, Jasper. Vito's pretty smart.”
The big man didn't look down at George as he spoke in hushed tones. “I fucking hate clowns. Their faces are always white like a corpse. My mama's face was white like that after I choked her to death. I mean, it took a few days for it to turn white. At first it was all bruised bluish and dark. Then it got scary looking as the days went by and she started to stink and attract flies. It wasn't exactly the same white color of clowns but close enough. I fucking hate them and... They scare the shit out of me. Know what I mean?”
George nodded, although he had no personal fear of clowns, he knew some people could be pretty freaked out by them. But it was hard to understand how such a large intimidating man, like Jasper, could be afraid of anyone.

One of the psychotic white-faced singers at the bottom of the stairs saw a gesture from the second floor and bellowed, “ITS SHOWTIME! EVERYBODY SHUT UP!”
The singing and excited talking stopped at once. In the hush that descended there was the sound of a metallic drum roll as Spazzo rapidly hit an overturned bedpan with two pencils.
Twisto started coming down the stairs singing loudly and relatively in tune,
“All kids love Twisto!
Who comes downstairs,
alone or in pairs,
molests the neighbor's dog!?
Everyone knows its Twisto!
It's Twisto, Its Twisto!
He's fun, he's crazy, he's psychitzo!”
The crowd at the bottom of the stairs cheered wildly as Twisto marched down the steps pushing ahead of him a terrified old man that had a broken broom stick handle jammed deep inside his bowels. The infamous clown had a hand wrapped firmly around the end of the stick and gave it little jabs whenever the tortured man slowed down.
When George realized what he was seeing he had a mental image of the man having been turned into an unholy living corn dog.
“Hiya, kiddies! Boy, it's good to be back home. Did you miss me?” Twisto asked in a very high screeching falsetto tone of voice; reminiscent of rusty twisted nails being scraped across a blackboard.

Twisto noted the small group on the far side of the commons room, but wasn't very worried about them. Plus, he had a show to do. “Say hi to the kids, Jimbo!”
The old man mumbled something and winced.
“How about it kiddies, did you hear my friend say hi?” Twisto asked while jabbing the old man a little harder.
The audience roared, “NO!”
“I guess he hasn't gotten the point yet. Come on, Jimbo, don't be a stick in the mud. This is a party!”

George saw that Twisto's clown makeup was a mixture of talcum powder, blood, and (more disturbing than anything else) for hair he had two patches of Dr. Hagan's bloody scalp with its easily recognizable frizzy hair sticking up and out somehow stuck on top of his bald head. The hair reminded George of one of the Three Stooges, but he couldn't recall the character's name.

“Why, bless my soul? Is that my big buddy Jasper I see standing shyly over there in the corner? Come on over. Don't be a wallflower. I won't stick anything in your eye!”
When the big man didn't move Twisto yelled, “Red Rover, Red Rover, send Jasper right over...before I need to get another broomstick!” as he guided his unorthodox living stick puppet to the bottom of the stairs.
Jasper started trembling until George patted the big man on the shoulder.
Twisto saw the gesture and asked, “Who's your fat boyfriend, Jasper!?”
George glared at the freakish looking clown and saw almost everyone in the commons room was staring at him. His face flushed a bit but he wasn't intimidated and yelled back, “I'm George, and you don't scare me!”
Twisto grinned wickedly and asked, “Not Bayonne's very own George Burns! I heard about you! Heck I bet everybody's heard about you!” The clown cackled and did an odd little dance without letting go of the broomstick. “I'm so glad you're not scared of me, George. I just like to make people happy. When someone told me what you did to get sent to Bayonne, I even made up a little song about you while I was in seclusion.”
“You mean while you were locked up in the psycho ward!” George yelled back.

They were standing on opposite ends of the commons room and people watched one speak then turned their heads to see what the other would say next. It reminded Vito and Jose, as well as several others, of a tennis match.
“Be nice!” Twisto screamed and stomped his foot before clearing his throat and sang,
“Georgie Porgie pudding and pie,
fucked a girl and then she died...
as a result of a painful suicide.”
George's face blushed beet red and he heard the laughter coming not just from Twisto's group but from a few people behind him as well, including Jasper. The echoes of laughter seemed to go on for a long time before there was a shout.

“ENOUGH!” Vito bellowed as he walked past George and came to a stop in the center of commons area.
The crowd that had been excitedly watching Twisto hushed and turned to briefly glance in annoyance at the skinny man with his thin mustache before looking back in near adoration at the clown.
Twisto glared at Vito and the group of people standing skittishly behind him. Most appeared ill at ease if not nearly terrified. The clown smiled broadly and asked, “Enough what?”
“Ezekiel, you and your buddies need to leave. This is our cell block.”
There were grumbles from the clown's gang and followers, but Twisto only laughed mockingly before asking, “Oh, really? I didn't see your name on it. And, by the way, my name is TWISTO!”
A chorus of “Yeah,” and nods of agreement came from Twisto's group as they marveled at the clown's grasp of simple to understand and undeniable logic. The cell block belongs to everybody.

“You and your friends need to leave before things get messy,” Vito said steadily and slid the revolver from its holster. He held the gun at his side and resisted the temptation to point it at the homicidal freak.
Twisto saw the gun held in the young man's hand and looked contemplative while sliding his fingers through Dr. Hagan's frizzy hair that somehow mysteriously stayed in place on top of his head. No one could see the surgical staples that Twisto had painfully used to secure the bloody hairpiece in place.
Finally, he smiled and said, “Tell you what we'll do, 'sheriff'. There's plenty of room here for everyone. We will stay on our side of the cell block and you and your pussy... I mean posse will stay on your side. How's that sound?”
There were giggles at the word pussy, but Vito shouted, “No deal! You freaks need to leave right now!”
The clown stomped his foot and screeched angrily. “That's rude; just plain old fashioned rude. No wonder you're in jail. You're just a big bully,” Twisto said before jamming the broom stick deeper into the old man's bowels. 
The unorthodox living puppet grunted and the clown's audience laughed as tears ran down the skewered man's tortured face.
“I'm a reasonable clown. Ask anybody. Hey Jimbo, don't you think my suggestion was reasonable?” Twisto asked the man impaled on the broken stick.
“Yes. It seems reasonable to meeeee,” Jimbo squealed the last word out as Twisto forced the stick deeper into the man’s bowels.
Vito raised the gun, pointed it at Twisto, and pulled back the hammer.
Twisto laughed and hid behind the old man, while shouting, “Hit the old man on a stick and win a Kewpie doll! Hey Spazzo, show everyone what I like to call Dr. Hagan The Kewpie doll.”
Spazzo was a fairly old man also dressed in asylum blue and had clown face makeup nearly identical to Twisto's. He held up a severed hand that had a penis and testicles stapled to it. The balls were painted with blood and there were appreciative ooh and ahh sounds coming from the audience.
Spazzo had no tongue. He'd lost it when he first came to Bayonne and said something to a member of the Sabres gang. It was something he later realized that he shouldn't have.

Jose came up beside Vito and whispered, “Just shoot the crazy fucker.”
Vito had no moral reservations about shooting the psychotic clown, but realized if he killed him the odds were pretty high the rest of his gang as well as his audience would probably exact violent bloody revenge. “This is your last chance. Go!” Vito yelled.
“You're no fun anymore,” Twisto answered before cackling and saying behind Jimbo, “I kill me, because you can't!”
The old man impaled on the broken stick began shuddering and groaned weakly before collapsing to the concrete floor.
Twisto had the stick wrenched from his grip as Jimbo fell. The clown looked over at Vito and said, “See, this is why we can't have nice things.” He paused then held his hands out as if pleading. “Besides, you don't understand me. I'm the crying on the inside kind of a clown. You keep acting like a dick and soon you'll be crying on the outside and I'll be laughing both the in and outside, you turd burglar.”
The crowd roared laughter until Twisto asked, “How do I know you've got bullets for that thing? Maybe you're trying to play tricksy with your old pal.”

“Shoot him,” Jose whispered urgently into Vito's ear.
Vito wanted to shoot the clown and almost fired but resisted the urge.
Jimbo moaned and stopped shuddering.
Vito quickly lowered his aim and shot Jimbo in the head. The contents of his skull sprayed out and coated both Spazzo and Twisto from the knees down. Vito then quickly pointed the revolver back at the clown.
The gunshot was loud and as it echoed nearly everyone who'd been gleefully watching the clown scattered away and stared at Vito as a wisp of smoke drifted out of the gun's barrel.
Twisto looked down at the very dead mostly headless man lying at his blood splattered feet for several long seconds. He was nervously chewing on his bottom lip and swaying a bit back and forth.
Spazzo was still holding the disturbing looking Dr. Hagan Kewpie Doll and grunted what sounded like nonsense noises.
Twisto apparently understood what he'd said. He looked over at Vito. “Spazzo says, how do we know that wasn't the last bullet in your gun?”
Vito reached into his pocket with his other hand and held up one of the speed loaders. The overhead lights made the brass bullet casings seem to sparkle like precious gem stones.

Twisto clapped his hands together loudly and looked at his group of followers and those that had been watching the show. “Alrighty then, come on kids. We won't stay where we're not welcome.”
As his followers and groupies gathered behind Twisto, the clown glared at everyone on the other side of the room before saying, “You've all been such a great audience. I wish I could kill you all. Come on, guys.”
Vito kept the gun pointed at the clown as Twisto began sauntering toward the exit while loudly singing to the tune of I'm looking over a four leaf clover.
“Oh, I'm looking over my dead dog Rover,
that I just ran over with the mower.
One leg is broken, the other is gone,
the third one is splattered all over the lawn.
There's no need explaining the one remaining
is caught in the basement door.
Cha, cha, cha.
Oh, I'm looking over my dead dog Rover 
that I just ran over with the mower!”

Vito and the rest of the prisoners escorted Twisto's group down the hallway and watched until they'd all marched outside.
Twisto held the exterior door open as the others filed out. When everyone but him was gone, he glared at George, Vito, and Jose as if trying to memorize their faces. He turned and said, “Everybody loves a clown, except assholes. Oh, and by the way, here's your Kewpie Doll. You win.”
Vito dodged out of the way as Twisto threw the severed hand decorated with Dr. Hagan's genitals at him. He then kicked the extremely disturbing 'award' outside the cell block and watched as Twisto's gang of mental defectives moved away through the thick smoke.
After he lost sight of them, Vito closed the door and had the others rig up a way to keep it securely shut.


When he reached the door to the power station's garage and pulled it open, LaShod thought he'd be ready for anything. He wasn't.
Rikert was swinging a crowbar at someone on the far side of the van as Billie, the chubby guard, was moaning weakly and crawling slowly across the garage floor. He made it a few more feet and collapsed.
Captain LaShod saw that Billie's face was a torn bloody mess and swore as he drew the pistol from its holster. It seemed to weigh a hundred pounds and his hand was trembling as he struggled to raise it. He managed to get it up high enough to fire, but the first shot missed Billie's head by almost two feet.
Then the chubby guard who appeared dead began to move. Billie got to his knees and then stood up shakily. His eyes were staring but his bloody face was expressionless.
LaShod spit out a glob of blood and fired again, but his aim was growing even worse. His second shot hit Billie in his arm and the undead guard's facial expression finally changed as he started trotting toward his captain; it was a look of fury. Or at least that was LaShod's impression as his eyes swam out of focus and he almost dropped the gun when another spasm of agony from his back wound hit. The captain backed into the corridor and started to close the metal door.

Rikert was bleeding heavily from multiple bites on his arms, neck and face as he stumbled around the rear of the van. He'd lost the crowbar while fighting for his life and his only thought was to run to safety. He shoved the undead Billie out of his way and stumbled toward the closing door.
“Wait, I'm coming,” Rikert gasped as loud as he could (which, due to his neck and throat being chewed on by the undead tag team of Ryan and the old man who spit when he talked, wasn't very loud at all.)
The door to the hallway slammed shut with an echoing boom just before he reached it. Rikert tried the doorknob and beat on it when he found it was locked from the other side. He pleaded in a voice slightly louder than whispers until Billie and all the remaining undead guards pulled him down and began to eat.

LaShod engaged the metal slide locks and spit another gob of blood on the floor as he leaned weakly against the hallway wall. He was having trouble catching his breath and realized bitterly everything was pointless.
I'm going to die. Damn it. I'm going to die and no one will be able to warn the cops that 5,000 violent convicts are coming their way.
He leaned against the wall for support and began heading for the monitor room, thinking if he were going to die he might as well have a last beer. Just as he opened the door, LaShod paused and looked at the blinking computer lights. A thought was coming, but the pain was making it hard to think straight.
Then it hit him.
The circuit breaker! All I have to do is go downstairs and shut it off. The electricity going to the nearby towns will stop and at least they'll know something's wrong.
He staggered across the hall and ignored the sign on the door warning operators to wear the insulated suits, and went inside. At the bottom of the stairs he swore upon realizing he could have used the computer in the monitor room to do the same thing as flipping the circuit breaker from there. He looked at the stairs for a moment before a spasm of pain wracked his body. He coughed and gagged for several seconds before spitting out another sizable amount of blood.
The thought of climbing the stairs seemed impossible when he finally was able to move again. He staggered to the door leading to the transformers. After opening it with great difficulty a gust on dry hot air greeted him.
The huge underground room filled with dozens of big transformers hummed as it always did.
Stepping inside, he stared with eyes that swam in and out of focus at the far wall with its large circuit breaker lever. It was impossible to catch his breath and he staggered forward thinking only one thing: They've got to be warned.

If he were wearing the protective insulated suit LaShod still probably would have been too weak to make it across the room, but when he staggered into a power cable coupling it ceased to matter. There was a brief bright flash of blue white light and a loud crack that heralded the end of his mortal existence.
LaShod's corpse was violently blown back into the wall. It hit hard and then fell in a heap motionless for almost a minute before his eyes opened once more.


George was actually feeling pretty good and was more than a little surprised when he realized it. The entire prison complex was full of hungry homicidal undead, the world beyond the tall granite walls was probably just as bad, and the future was impossible to predict. But as he stared through the steel bars in one of the fifth floor cells, George couldn't help smiling slightly.
There were far fewer convicts (living ones anyway) prowling around down below in the court yards, parking lot, and the driveways of Bayonne. Things weren't exactly quiet, but in many ways the undead were more hushed than when they'd been alive. Only a few odd growls or screeches occasionally broke the stillness. Even most of the smoke, that had been incredibly thick all evening, had thinned out which made breathing easier.
George sipped at his cup of water and overheard the other residents of his cell block still discussing and debating what they should do. There were only a few proposals, but he thought only the one Vito suggested was practical; stay put.
The most popular ill conceived idea was to leave Bayonne once dawn arrived and go in search of the various convict's deepest desires. Women were at the top of the list, followed by drugs, alcohol, guns, and stupidly enough (in George's opinion) money.
What good is money now? Sure, they could probably gather millions of dollars in cash if they don't get eaten first, but who would trade whatever they had for it? It's paper, just small rectangular portraits of long-dead guys, with various numbers in the corners printed on them. The idiots don't understand that the world has changed, George realized while shaking his head.

Old Joe's deep rumbling voice spoke up and drowned out a pointless debate between some of the other prisoners about where the best place to score some drugs would be, “Shut your ass faces! If you dumb shits want to go get drugs, by all means go! But don't think, even for a minute, you'll be coming back in here!”
George ambled back across the cell and looked down at the commons area of the cell block.
A few dozen men were standing in small groups below. Joe was standing on the first landing of the north side staircase. Jose, Jasper, and several others were nodding as they stood near the old man. He wondered where Vito had gone as he listened.
George had heard a little of Joe's background through the grapevine and wasn't surprised that the old man had apparently taken the leadership role. He'd been a fireman for most of his life and his rumbling gravelly voice still carried a kind of force and confidence that demanded respect.

The details of his conviction were fairly common knowledge and many inmates thought he probably had been justified in killing the woman at the restaurant's drive through window.
Joe had been going home after a very bad day. Two fire fighters on his squad had died while fighting a house fire that later had been discovered to be a case of arson set for the insurance money. When he'd ordered his cheeseburger combo and waited almost ten minutes for the other drivers to get their food he was already in a bad mood, but when he pulled up to the window and paid his money the lady at the register told him to pull ahead and they'd bring it out when it was ready he snapped.
He had been to that restaurant countless times before, and every time they'd ask him to pull up and wait. A friend of his who died in the fire told him the reason they do that is so the automated timing equipment that measured how long it took to complete orders would be fooled into thinking he'd already been served. Instead of pulling ahead he put the car in park and waited.
The woman behind the drive through window opened it and said, “Are you stupid or something? I said pull up.”
He didn't debate the wisdom of his next actions. He simply pulled his semiautomatic gun out of the center console of his car and shot her in the face then pulled out the ammunition clip and tossed it through the drive through window.
When they still didn't bring him his food, he got out and went inside to complain and get his meal.
He was sitting at a table eating a fairly mediocre tasting cheeseburger when the police and paramedics finally arrived.

George hadn't paid much attention to the old man in the past, but noticed that Joe was wearing a guard's gun belt and had a revolver in its holster.
“I gave them to him,” Vito said as he walked over and glared at George.
George saw the carts of food being taken out of his cell and rolled to the center of the commons area, but only glanced up in confusion at Vito. “Why are you giving me an eat shit look?”
“Because you're an asshole, that's why. What the fuck you thought you were doing antagonizing that freak Twisto, I'll never know and I frankly I don't give a damn.”
“But-”
“Shut up. Just shut the fuck up, and listen to me. I don't know what's happening beyond the walls of Bayonne but in here, especially inside Cell Block A, I don't need you making things worse. I almost had to start shooting because of you when Twisto was here. If I had done that a lot of people, hell maybe fucking everyone, would have gotten killed. But even if it had just been a few deaths, we still would have had fucking zombies in here in addition to psychotic murderous clowns.
Joe and I were trying to figure out the best way to get rid of him before you started you little bitching battle with the freak. We could have all died.”
George couldn't help staring down at the concrete floor. He wasn't able to look Vito in the eye any longer and felt choked up, as if he were about to cry. Not from the chewing out Vito was giving him, but because he realized he had a good point.
“I gave Joe the gun because I trust him, and I know he won't do something stupid. The food is being pulled out of your cell so people won't accuse you of stuffing your stupid fat face,” Vito said before turning and walking back downstairs.
George's voice was choked and strained as he said, “I thought we were... friends.”
Vito stopped walking and looked up. He didn't say anything for several seconds, just appeared to be even more angry than before. “Listen, and listen good, I don't know what tomorrow will bring. The fucking army or air force might blast Bayonne to tiny pebbles any second now, at least that's what I'd do if I were in their place. But, whatever may come, you need to get your shit together and stop being as stupid as you are fat. Do you understand me?”
George nodded, turned away, and as he walked back into the cell he muttered in a soft tone, “Yes, I understand and I'm sorry.”

Vito heard the big man in the cell beginning to quietly weep and felt like shit. He was tempted to go back and tell George the rest of the story, but didn't.
Joe had wanted to have George banished from the cell block for the Twisto incident. He didn't believe the “blob”, as he referred to George, could be of any help and would possibly do something equally stupid in the future. Plus, the song Twisto sang about George causing a girl's suicide sounded like a rapist situation. It took every bit of persuasion Vito could muster to talk the old man out of kicking him out.
He knew Joe had no reservations about throwing people out to fend for themselves.
One of the first things he'd done after Vito gave him the gun was to gather up all the rapists and molesters and have them kicked out of the cell block, plus a few deranged murderers as well. Vito thought Joe's idea of shedding the most rotten inmates was pretty smart, but when he'd brought up George, he stood up for him.
He had to promise to keep an eye on George and stop him from doing anything stupid, (a thing he wasn't sure was possible) before Joe finally relented and decided not to have him kicked out.


Carl awoke and was confused by his being in the librarian's office for several seconds before remembering what had happened. He looked toward the arrow slit type windows. Bright early morning sunlight was shining through the glass.
His old muscles ached as he slowly rolled the chair back over to the monitors and began checking the different camera views of Bayonne.
All camera feeds from the administration building were dead. It wasn't until he chose the camera mounted near the top of the prison's water tower that he understood why. A large smoking pile of stones, broken glass, girders, and singed rubble were all that bore evidence that the building had ever existed at all.

A group of Hispanics were piling up bodies in front of the library at the base of the steps. More were holding tire irons and long pieces of metal. They watched and protected the others as they worked to pile up the bodies.
A man wearing a guard's tattered and torn uniform stumbled out from between two of the cell block buildings. To Carl his face appeared indistinct on the monitor, but the men holding various improvised weapons closed ranks and threw a barrage of rocks at the guard until he collapsed. Within seconds the men hacked and beat at the guard's head until he stopped moving.
Carl watched for a few more minutes as they dragged the corpse over to the pile of bodies and tossed it on top. He wondered if the guard had been undead or alive, but then realized it hardly mattered now.
What surprised him more than the early morning murder (which wasn't an unheard of event at Bayonne even in the best of times) was the number of vehicles in the parking lot. When he'd fallen asleep around midnight there was nothing left, but the early morning sunlight was glinting off half a dozen vehicles parked there. Even as he watched the monitor, a neon pink convertible Cadillac was driven through the open gate and the people inside waved at the men hauling the dead to the pile of bodies. After the car stopped, a large plastic gasoline container was pulled out of the back seat and carried toward the library.
Carl considered heading for the closest emergency exit and felt his pulse quickening until they began pouring the gas on the pile of bodies instead of the building he was inside.
He watched as the men drank from large clear glass bottles and suspected it might be Tequila, but wasn't certain.
When the pile on bodies was set on fire, Carl stood up slowly and wandered off to the library's small kitchen that was used by guards and support personnel. As he walked, the question of why they bothered to burn the bodies left him confused.

A few minutes later while preparing a bowl of instant oatmeal he realized whatever the reason might be didn't really matter.
I'm alive. They didn't try to burn down the library. And, if I carefully ration what food is in here, perhaps I could live in peace and security until the day that I die; Or at least for a good long while.
As he sat at the table and chewed the oatmeal, Carl realized he would have a busy day spent exploring all the off limits areas of the library. He hoped the rumor that cases of wine had been stored in the basement of the building turned out to be true. He'd overheard some support staff gossiping about how the warden had hidden some there when his wife filed a petition for divorce a couple of years earlier.
The rumor sounded implausible, but having at one time served as a lawyer himself, Carl understood how especially fine vintages of rare wine could be worth a considerable amount of money. The idea that the warden might have hidden them here rather than list them among his marital assets actually made quite a bit of sense.

After eating he rinsed out the bowl and cleaned the spoon. Carl looked through the cabinets at the canned food and containers of dry noodle soup mix that just needed hot water to be mixed in before eating and ran through some rough mental computations. “There might be six, maybe eight months worth of food in here. After that's gone, maybe I can work out a deal with whoever rules Bayonne then. And if the wine really is hidden somewhere downstairs I bet I can do it too,” Carl said to himself as he went off in search of Warden Massengail's Hidden Treasure.


Warden Michael Massengail was dead, but his cloudy gray glazed over eyes blinked as the wind continuously buffeted his face. He was still dressed in the suit he usually only brought out for VIPs that visited Bayonne, though it didn't look very clean to those very few who paused to watch him as he went by. Massengail was tied securely to the top of an old short yellow bus. The bus was being driven fast and erratically but the street it was traveling on had many other vehicles being operated every bit as recklessly.

A boy standing on the roof of a fast food restaurant along with a small group of others that were also miraculously still alive had been crying until he spotted the bus. He couldn't understand what was happening to his world.
Beyond the golden arches of the restaurant, just across the street, he could see his apartment building through the clouds of smoke. But he most definitely didn't ever wish to return there. Not just because it was on fire either. Principally, the boy didn't want to because his mom and dad had eaten his younger sister and brother after a pack of crazy people broke down the front door during the night and killed his parents. If he hadn't managed to climb out one of the bedroom windows and run away he knew he would have died as well.
The boy was still wearing pajamas that featured colorful illustrations of his favorite cartoon characters. The grinning sponge holding a butterfly net usually made him smile. But that morning nothing cheered him up until he spotted the short bus careening through the multitude of burning, wrecked, and abandoned cars in the road. It had been hastily spray painted with bright colors and had a man in a suit tied to the roof near the windshield. The suit had patches of colorful spray paint in different spots just like the bus itself. The tied up man's angry looking face was bright white with red paint covering his lips in a big smile that stretched from ear to ear.

When the short bus roared past the restaurant, the boy read the words aloud that had been spray painted along its side and wished he could somehow catch a ride aboard, “Twisto the Clown's Care-A-Van of Fun.”
Luckily, for him, the boy's wish was not granted.

Inside the colorfully spray painted, short, mostly yellow, school bus it was very crowded. It was crammed full of escaping convicts, as well as mentally deranged men wearing bright blue jumpsuits with talcum powder and blood painted smiles. It swerved erratically across several lanes of traffic and laughter drifted out through the open windows.
Spazzo was 'driving' and still uncertain where they were heading. When he asked Twisto after they appropriated the bus from an elementary school that was burning, he only said, “Go north,” before going to the rear of the vehicle where a naked woman was tied up and awaiting him.
Spazzo steered the bus toward a very pregnant looking woman that was being chased by a group of undead down the center of the road. The odd yet undeniable fact that people were somehow turning into undead ghouls actually made the driver smile and chuckle as he pressed the gas pedal all the way to the floor. With everyone outside the prison running and driving around trying to avoid the ghouls, he was sure no one would be looking for Twisto or anyone else aboard the bus.
A few times he'd seen cops as they headed north, but they were either driving fast and uninterested in the bus or wandering around in the road; lifeless yet still energetic and apparently hungry for flesh.
The front of the bus slammed into the crying pregnant woman, even as she was frantically waving her arms up in the air trying to flag down the bus. Her eyes shot open wide a moment before her body exploded like a large blood filled water balloon.
Spazzo flipped on the windshield wipers as a cheer went up from those aboard who saw what had happened.

The road had hundreds of people, both deadish and alive, wandering around in a maze of wrecked and abandoned vehicles. Buildings were burning and gunshots could be heard occasionally but Spazzo's smile never wavered.
The riders were singing and having a great time, as well, until Twisto sauntered down the center of the bus wearing his disturbing smile and nothing else. They hushed a bit as he sat down naked in the seat just behind Spazzo and waved for the others to shut up.
“Hang a left in about a mile.”
Spazzo grunted quizzically in response but nodded.
“We're heading to a place I visited a few times, long ago. You'll like it. I made many special friends there... before,” Twisto then stopped speaking and appeared lost deep in thought before continuing. “It was before I took my little vacation to Bayonne.
The town is called Charenton. You'll love it. I used to work at the county fairgrounds there. It's great. They've got all kinds of carnival rides and I buried quite a few children behind the roller coaster. Some of them were even dead when I did it.” Twisto giggled and licked his lips before adding, “If no one's found them maybe we could dig them up and play some games.”

Spazzo steered the bus toward a big mob of undead that was chasing an old man pedaling a bicycle as fast as he could. The oldster's clothes were torn and covered with patches of blood. He appeared exhausted and his pursuers were quickly closing the distance.
“No, Spazzo, stay clear of them. We don't want to wreck the bus before we get to our new home. Besides, I think it's funnier if they catch him. Trust me, pal, I know humor.” Twisto patted his shoulder before adding, “Nice job running over the fat pregnant bitch earlier though. Now, that was funny.”
Spazzo reluctantly steered away from the old man and his pursuers toward the more open and relatively clear parts of the road. He glanced back at Twisto, hooting and grunting in his own peculiar tongue less language for a few moments.
“Oh yes, she's very nice. A veritable treasure of pleasure, you might say. If you still had your tongue, that is. She seems very tough and strong willed. We'll fix that though. You'll never guess what she was doing at Bayonne.” He giggled before continuing. “She was a reporter sent to cover last night's execution.
Her tits are amazing too; nice, perky, full, and natural. They're very bouncy and fun to nibble on, by the way. I think that I have an idea for her new name. How does Titso sound?”
Spazzo appeared to be considering it for a few seconds before nodding and smiling.
“She'll need tenderizing and some training, but I know you and my friends will happily help with that,” Twisto said and looked wistfully off to the side of the road at some undead children making a snack of a fat woman's intestines. He realized it was likely she had been their mother. It made him sad, in a deeply twisted way.
Perfectly good adorable children should be loved, roughly and often, he thought and smiled while licking his bloody lips.

When the bus turned left at an intersection few aboard even glanced at the sign beside the road that indicated the town of Bixby was only fifteen miles away had they turned to the right. Janice Carson's shocked, terrified, and tear soaked face peered out through one of the rear partially steamed up windows at the road leading to the town she called home.
Her recollection of the brutal terrifying rapes she'd suffered through at the prison's athletics field was fractured and more of a blur than a coherent memory. The only thing she clearly remembered was that a pack of undead prisoners arrived and began attacking the rapists.
While most of the prison complex was well lit, the fields were more like a shadowy region and even once the undead attacked she hadn't understood what was going on. The angry yells and sounds of animals growling seemed to go on for a long time before eventually causing the man that had been ravaging her body to pull out and run away.
Janice had been so tired and sore she didn't even care that there were undead tearing, biting, and killing the pack of monstrous rapists that had been ravaging her. The will to fight and struggle to live had been taken from her. She was ready for death and didn't see any reason to defend against it any longer.

At least that's how she felt until the last man who'd been raping her called out as he stood up. “Hey cunt, you suck! I've fucked a ton of trannies in here that were tighter, cuter, and better than you!” He finished his opinion by spitting on her, before turning and wandering quickly away.
The man's words and mocking painful laughter as he left combined with the clammy feeling hand grabbing one of her legs in the darkness to allow her to tap into a furious energy she hadn't known existed within her. She kicked out at the shadowy figure holding one of her ankles and felt his face crumble as her foot forcefully collided with his face. The crackling of breaking bones in his nose seemed to feed her fury and increase her need for vengeance.
It was painful to stand, but she worked through the hurt and seemed to somehow channel and combine it with her fury. Janice could only limp slowly for several seconds, but then she caught a glimpse of the man who's spoken a minute earlier. Her limp became less pronounced as her heart began pounding harder. She heard her father's voice and remembered something he told her after she'd earned a black belt in Karate as a teenager.
“I love you, baby doll. I won't always be there to protect you, but if a man ever hurts you I swear one thing to you; No matter what you do to him, I will always love you. It's a hard world out there, and sometimes true justice is something that only you can deliver.”

Her breathing increased with each step taken. The smoky air filled her lungs like a bellows feeding a red hot furnace. The last thing she remembered clearly was running after the man who'd raped and spit on her. She yelled just before leaping on him, “Hey, Mosquito Dick, get back here!”
At that moment everything became a blur of jabs, kicks, punches, and eventually pitiful begging coming from the rapist that went on until she choked him to death. Then, while sitting on the curb, she started to calm down until the dead rapist began to move once more.
Fear was no longer an issue.
She grabbed his head and smashed it against the concrete curb until it burst open like a large rotten cantaloupe.

The next clear memory she had was of an odd looking man dressed like a clown coming out of the smoke. He was followed by a sizable group of others. He bowed and said, “Hello, my name is Twisto. Don't worry. We'll take care of you.”
She remembered several men picking her up and carrying her before she lost consciousness.
When she awoke it was aboard the school bus. Her hands were tied securely to the metal frame of the seat in front of her. She awoke to Twisto in the midst of raping her.
When she screamed for help, the others on the bus laughed and repeated her yell for help, and roared more laughter. After Twisto finished and wandered toward the front of the fast moving wildly swerving vehicle, the other men closed in on her for their turns.
It all seemed like the most monstrous nightmare ever and she prayed to soon awaken as the short yellow bus continued on.
Her prayers may have been heard, but the nightmare had only begun.


Time passed, just as it usually does.
The cafeteria and adjoining kitchens and pantry burned to the ground after an explosion occurred a week following Bayonne's overthrow. Rumor had it the most powerful Hispanic gang had been attempting to produce Meth Amphetamine in the kitchen with medicine and other supplies they'd looted from nearby towns. Apparently it didn't work out as they'd hoped; most died and dozens more were hideously burned and soon died thereafter. When they reanimated they were quickly disposed of.

An uneasy 'truce' existed between the remaining prisoners who chose to stay at Bayonne. The skin heads had all left after burning D Cell Block. No one missed them.
The only gang that regularly violated the truce with impunity was The Sabres. Not only did they possess the most guns, without exception every one of them were considered the most violent and ruthless residents of Bayonne. 
It only took two months after the fall of Bayonne for their leader to decide that there were greener pastures and choicer apples to pick. Nearly a thousand murderous Sabres descended on the town of Bixby and very quickly became the rulers of what remained of the terrified population.
The steadily shrinking number of residents who called Bayonne home was just glad The Sabres were tormenting someone else. When other people left no one seemed to know or care where they'd go, as long as they didn't return.

Of course, returning was actually in the hands of the gatekeeper; Charles N. Reilley or as he was more commonly known, Crazy Carl.
If he chose not to remotely open the main gate there was nothing the people outside could do about it, except perhaps get eaten by the growing numbers of undead that milled about beyond the walls. More of them came over the weeks and a growing number of prisoners decided to leave Bayonne. Most left by way of the gate, others who couldn't stand the undead reality shambling beyond the walls, chose to leave via suicide.

In his cell, George stared at the portrait he'd been painting for weeks. The girl in the painting was someone very special he'd known. In point of fact, she was the reason he'd been sentenced to Bayonne. He picked up a brush and started to dip it in the paint, but then sighed and set it down again.
There was a clicking sound growing outside his cell. He looked over and saw one of his favorite guard dogs. “Hiya. How are you doing, Lucy?”
The big German Shepherd came inside and nosed around the wrappers and cans strewn on the floor.
George shook his head as he got up from his bunk. “Sorry, Lucy, there's not much to eat in here. I'm still drinking those diet shakes. Those things are nasty tasting, but they seem to work.”
He cinched up his baggy pants and wondered if he might be able to find a smaller size. If the looting runs into town weren't always for food and other important stuff, he'd like to find a pants store sometime and get some jeans that fit better. But he didn't want to make old Joe mad by suggesting it.

The cell block wasn't deserted, but slowly fewer people remained as time went by.
If the old man left someday and never returned it would be fine by George. If any food was missing or unaccounted for Joe always suspected him first.
A pornographic movie was playing on one of the stolen big screen televisions, but George had no desire to join in what was going on in the corner of the commons room he thought of as the sex pit. Instead, he went down the hallway and saw Jasper reading a comic book. The big man was sitting on a large empty cable spool beside the big door leading outside. He only grunted and nodded as George went out, followed closely by Lucy.

Old Joe didn't like the dogs being allowed inside the cell block, but some of the other guys let them in anyway. George yawned and did some stretches before jogging slowly toward the closed front gate.
Lucy followed.
That was one of the best things about Lucy. A lot of the remaining residents of Bayonne didn't like the dogs and actually still feared them. George would save up some of his share of the meat from his meals and fed them to Lucy and a handful of other dogs that hadn't been killed or escaped during Bayonne's downfall.
As he jogged along the narrow concrete catwalks located atop the prison's walls, a couple of other dogs joined in. Lucy wasn't really the dog's name. George had no way of knowing if the dogs even had names, so he named them.
When he reached the farthest point of the rear wall he slowed and stopped beside a guard post. The dogs growled at the undead guard behind the shatterproof glass window, but George ignored him as he caught his breath.

He pulled a water bottle out of his pocket and dropped down to sit on the catwalk. His legs dangled forty feet above the overgrown athletics fields as he took a sip.
Near the execution building there were some medium sized marijuana plants being tended to by some of the other residents.
George grinned as he imagined what they were saying. “Yep, bumper crop this year. If the weather holds until harvest time, that is. Yep, yep, yep.”
His smiled faded when he spotted some of toughest remaining guys in Bayonne, now that the Sabres had left, heading toward the plants. The gardeners had apparently spotted them too and hurried away before they got there and picked off the best buds.
“Its crap like them that sometimes makes me want to leave, and not like Vito did either,” George said and leaned his forehead against one of the cool metal railings.
Lucy whined softly and sat down beside the young man.
George ran his hand through the dog's fur as his eyes felt moist and his chest hurt. He stared across the collection of buildings at Cell Block A. It was a long way off, but he thought he could see the bars of Vito's cell. He sniffled and wiped at his eyes before taking another sip of water, thinking, Vito, you dumb shit. If you'd only waited another week, The Sabres would have been gone and you'd still be alive; A pain in the butt to be sure, but alive.

He wasn't sure how many people were still inside Bayonne, but George guessed it was well under a hundred by now. There was a meeting coming up later that night in the cell block and rumor had it that Joe was going to be leaving and taking those guys that he thought could be the most helpful.
George held no illusions that he would be on the old man's list of candidates.
I'm a painter. I'm always afraid when we go out on supply runs. I like to think that if I had a place to go to I'd do it... but is that true? I don't know. Maybe I should have gone with Jose after Vito killed himself. But, who knows, maybe he's dead too or worse.

Lucy watched as George stood up and ignored the undead guard continuing to scratch at the glass. The guard had locked himself in the small security shack and tried to blow his brains out with his sidearm once Bayonne fell to the prisoners.
The bullet's trajectory was less than ideal. It ended up blasting up through the soft palate of his mouth and obliterated his nose plus a good portion of his face. He did die, but then stood up and found himself undead and trapped inside the locked guard shack.
George waved at him briefly before jogging toward the setting sun.
The dog followed.


The monotonous squeaking of his hammock and gentle rolling of the sailboat bobbing on the waves was the first thing Lazarde was aware of upon waking. He climbed out of the hammock and went to the boat's small bathroom. The long dirty beard and mustache he sported could no longer be seen in the mirror mounted over the sink. He'd smashed it weeks earlier and never suffered a moment of regret.
After doing his business in the bathroom, Lazarde went to the pantry and kicked aside the collection of empty liquor bottles lying on the floor. He pulled out cartons of canned meat, vegetables, and fruit, but only to peer behind them. It seemed impossible that he could have gone through three cases of whiskey and several bottles of wine over the last few months. He kicked the cases and swore when one of his toes broke and made a faint cracking sound.
Leaning against the small kitchen's counter, Lazarde stood on his uninjured foot and looked through the cabinets until he found a bottle of cherry flavored cough syrup. After struggling with the child proof cap for almost a minute he managed to get it open and chugged down the red foul tasting contents. The middle aged man held the bottle upside down to catch every remaining drop in his mouth. When no more dribbled out, he tossed to plastic bottle into the pile of canned food and limped toward the hatch leading topside.
It hurt him to look at the dusty toys lying scattered around the tiny living room. He kept his red rimmed eyes focused on the hatch and the dark blue skies beyond. There was a rifle, a semi automatic machine gun, and a pistol hanging from pegs near the hatch. Beneath them were several boxes of ammunition he'd never bothered to open.
He ignored the weapons and hopped up the narrow staircase, favoring his broken toe.

The forty foot sailboat was not fully paid for but as he sat down in one of the lounge chairs, Lazarde seriously doubted the bank would be coming to repossess it anytime soon. The anchor remained secure on the sea floor where he'd dropped it months earlier off the eastern shore of Rummy Cat Island.
It had seemed the perfect place to call home when he and his family arrived. It was little more than two and a half miles long and half a mile wide and best of all it was unpopulated. With no electricity, buildings, cars, or inhabitants it was the perfect place.
Or so he thought, and apparently others had too.

Lazarde hadn't wanted to scare his wife or children with talk of the undead. He'd heard horror stories over the boat's radio as they sailed to the islands. Major cities were burning all over the world. Governments were playing the blame game and very real threats of war breaking out made even the undead threat seem marginal.
They arrived off the tiny island a week after setting sail and he dropped anchor just before sunset.
In retrospect, Lazarde realized he should have told his family what was going on in the world. It would have scared them, yes, but they'd still be alive.

Apparently his wife and children swam to the nearby beach while he was still asleep the next morning.
His nine year old son and twelve year old daughter could still be easily picked out among the groups of wandering undead on the beach. The bright neon purple and orange life preservers were still strapped to their decaying bodies.
Several times he'd aimed the rifle at them and wanted to pull the trigger. But each time it had seemed much easier to have another drink. With no more alcohol on board, Lazarde could only stare across the gentle waves at the hundreds of undead wandering across the beach.
There were other boats around the island. But anytime they came near his, Lazarde would fire a few warning shots and continue to drink.
From his lounge chair he stared at the undead and then glanced back at his arsenal of weapons. This went on until the sun began to set and he'd started to sober up once more. Lazarde saw his children near the water's edge and got up from the chair.
He sighed and realized life without his family wasn't worth living. After taking off his filthy shirt, he dived into the water and started swimming toward the beach.
###


Waking at 2:47 AM

Dreams are funny things.
Sometimes they can seem as real and vivid as anything ever experienced while awake. Others are just plain goofy, scary, or so bizarre the meaning (if there really is one) is never understood.

For the thirty-six year old very recently divorced full time father of two that had been tossing and turning for the previous few hours, his dreams were a patchwork of extremely disturbing nightmares. The visions were tormenting not just to the man. They were also annoying  Peanut.
The small brown Chihuahua named Peanut, curled up near the foot of the bed, was having a difficult time sleeping too. The dog couldn't begin to understand why the woman who used to sleep with the man hadn't been around for the last few weeks but did know something was definitely wrong.
Back when the woman was here, the man used to sleep soundly; although he usually snored like a badly tuned chainsaw throughout the night. The woman would wake several times, sometimes punching or shaking the man awake to interrupt his snoring.
The dog used to find this pattern of human behavior fairly amusing, but since her absence the man's sleep pattern had become a very irritating thing to Peanut. The seemingly constant tossing and turning were bad enough without his recent habit of drinking himself into unconsciousness.

The man wasn't a mean or violent drunk, if anything he was a morose sad thing, in the dog's opinion. Peanut had tried to show how much she still loved him by snuggling close and licking him. The man's tear stained face tasted good, but despite her best efforts he seemed hopelessly trapped or lost in his problems.
Peanut yawned and looked over in irritation as the man rolled onto his side muttering, “No,” repeatedly in his sleep.


They had his wife stripped naked and laid out atop the enormous dark oak conference room table at the office. In addition to her, there were the usual items on the long highly polished table: a stapler, multiple colored ink pens, coffee cups, paperclips, some doughnuts with multicolored sprinkles on top, and several manila folders stuffed with stacks of paper.
She was smiling, laughing, and in general having a great time as his coworkers filed in and used her body in a wide variety of creatively disturbing ways. (Many of which he'd never thought of doing over their seven years of marriage)
Usually it was just one man at a time ravaging her. Other times there would be a gang of them that all simultaneously taking part in using his more than willing and accommodating wife. And all of them, every single one of them, appeared much larger below the waist than he was.

He was securely duct taped into one of the high backed leather office chairs and had a red rubber stress ball which was slightly larger than an egg firmly shoved into his mouth. It did nothing to relieve his stress, however, but it did work well as a gag to keep him silent.
For some reason, he couldn't look away from the men using his wife. He desperately wanted to but seemed incapable of turning his head or closing his eyes. The parade of well endowed horny men appeared endless, as was her obvious delight in their enthusiastic myriad of erotic ministrations.
Sometimes, she'd glance over at him tied up in the chair and laugh. It was a horribly wicked mocking cackling sound that sent stabbing pains deep into his chest. His heart felt like a pincushion being repeatedly and sadistically pierced. And the worst part was that it never seemed to end.

After a trio of young, deeply tanned, very muscular, lawn crew men that had all been laughing and speaking in Spanish throughout their activities with his wife finally finished and left, his boss sauntered into the conference room. Mr. Dennis Dumonte was wearing one of his expensive suit jackets, shirt, and silk tie but nothing else from the waist down.
His wife made hungry appreciative lip smacking noises and giggled as Dumonte walked past her, and only stopped when he stood beside the chair. His boss was holding a sheet of yellow paper in one hand and staring at it as if he hadn't even noticed the naked woman on the table.
Dumonte patted him on the shoulder, asking, “How you holding up, tiger?”
He mumbled through the stress ball gag incomprehensibly.
“Silly me,” his boss said then removed the ball.
“I don't want to be here anymore. I can't stand it. Let me go. For God's sake, please just let me go.”

Dumonte leaned back on the edge of the table and looked back at the piece of paper in his hand before saying, “It's funny you should say that; well not exactly funny. I guess perhaps ironic would be more accurate word.
First of all, I want you to know we all understand it's been a somewhat unpleasant time for you, recently. We kept you around mostly because your work performance over the last few years has usually been slightly above adequate, and personally I'd hoped you would have somehow found a way out of your recent productivity slump. I really did. But sadly, just like your wife we just don't think you're worth and pardon the expression... a fuck any longer.”
His wife cackled uproariously, somewhere out of view, behind Mr. Dumonte's body.
He stuttered several seconds before finally managing to say, “No, wait. I can change. I'm sorry I've been screwing up at the office. Just give me another chance. I swear I'll do better. Please, don't do this. My children... they're counting on me since she ran off. I'm all they have left. Don't do this.”
“Sorry tiger. I really am, but at least you don't have to worry about your kids anymore,” Dumonte said, standing up and walking around behind the chair. “We, your wife and I that is, have talked it over. We've decided they'd be better off without you. And we've come up with a great fun-filled adventurous future for them, so you don't need to worry about a thing.”
His boss grunted and started pushing the wheeled chair toward one of the floor to ceiling windows.
“What do you mean? What are you talking about? I'm all they have left. I'm a good dad, or at least I try to be,” he whined trying to look up and behind him at his boss's face.
“You're almost as good a father, as you were a husband. And that's a shame, tiger. It really is,” Dumonte said as he steadily rolled the chair across the carpeting toward the window.
“Wait! What are you going to do with my children? What? Tell me that much, at least,” he begged as his reflection in the window glass grew larger.

“The Chinese are taking them. We made very good deal with one of our subsidiaries working out of Hong Kong. Don't worry about a thing,” his boss said, and rolled the chair around a large briefcase someone had carelessly left on the floor, before steering him back toward the window again.
“I don't understand. What do you mean?”
“I told you he was dense,” his wife said with a wicked laugh.
“Now, now, there's no need for that,” Dumonte chastised her with a hint of laughter in his voice. “It comes down to simple economics, tiger; supply and demand and all that jazz. Your wife mentioned you had two little girls and suggested selling them on the black market in Mexico. You wouldn't imagine how much young blonde girls are going for nowadays. But don't you worry. I talked her out of it.
I knew she'd get a much better return by selling to them to the Chinese. You know how they have that one child per family law there and most families, almost darn near all of them in fact, choose to have boys. Anyhoo, let me cut to the chase. Your wife's gonna get almost two million bucks and she won't have to ever see them again.”
“And be reminded of YOU!” She yelled venomously from across the conference room.
“You can't marry them off! For God's sake, they're only three and five years old. You can't do this! Please, don't,” he begged as his knees bumped against the window glass.
“Marriage is for idiots! I'd never let them make the same mistake I made with you. They'll be hookers. Mr. Dumonte found a brothel that's absolutely perfect for them. It even has a playroom,” his wife explained then cackled like a witch from a very dark disturbing fairytale.

He sputtered and struggled fiercely against the duct tape securing him to the chair and actually felt it starting to give way, at least a little bit.
Mr. Dumonte grunted and shoved against the chair harder and the glass window began to crack outward like a spiraling spider web. “Relax, tiger, it's all for the best. You'd probably just continue getting drunk and ignore them. They'd likely end up as hookers someday anyway.
Besides, you must remember what your priest said, when you asked him for advice last week.”
“Push harder! Get rid of it!” His wife screamed.
“He said they needed a family! They need a mom and a dad! He never said anything about a brothel!” He screamed as the glass began tumbling away.
“The Good Father Murphy said, 'a single father raising two girls all by himself was likely to lead to only one thing,'” Dumonte said, then whispered in his ear “'...incest.'”
The chair lurched forward and smashed through the remaining jagged sharp shards of glass.
His eyes opened impossibly wide as he stared down at the street, eighty stories below and screamed, “Never!” There was a soft ripping sound as he felt the duct tape holding him in the chair finally began ripping loose.
“Sorry tiger, but you made a lousy husband and will only end up hurting those girls worse than all the horny guys in China combined,” Dumonte said, pushing harder. “Even if you try your very best, you'll only fuck them up. Oh, and by the way, you're fired.”
His right arm tore loose of the duct tape at the same moment the chair finally fell through the broken window.
He heard “Bye loser!” and “Good luck, tiger,” from his wife and boss just before plummeting toward the pavement.

Wind whipped through his hair as he tumbled toward earth and saw the pavement rushing to embrace him. A flock of birds seemed to come from nowhere and began cawing at him as he screamed. But the scream was a feeble thing compared to the screeching bird’s voices. They all cawed the word “loser” at him as he whirled through their feathery midst.
Beaks and claws pecked and scratched at him and all he could think was, None of this can be real. It must be a dream, just a horrible dream! I'll wake up and be in my bed any second!
Despite his mind's reasonable and quite valid assessment of the unprecedented situation, the pavement looked very real and solid as he continued tumbling and plummeting toward it.
Some tourists were standing around on the sidewalk. They were laughing, pointing, and several of them had cameras in their hands. Even over the sound of rushing wind he could somehow hear the clicking sounds as they took photographs. A short fat kid wearing big black mouse ears from a famous Florida amusement park was eating an ice cream cone and grinning as he watched the man tumbling to earth. 
It has to be a dream! Dumonte would never kill me, at least not at work. The insurance company would cancel the corporate policies! WAKE UP!

Having been pushed out of the penthouse window gave inertia working closely with gravity all the momentum needed to make a very nasty agonizing mess when he finally hit the pavement.
His legs hit first. Shards of fractured bones shot up into his body and he felt every individual piercing stabbing sensation.
Everything seemed to slip into incredibly slow motion, ultra realistic mode, and as the pain grew he could only think, WAKE UP!
His midsection exploded like a water balloon filled with intestines, a slightly abused liver, lungs, bones, plenty of blood, and a still beating heart. He saw the last item bounce across the sidewalk before coming to a stop by the opening doors of the office building.

In accordance with the sometimes bewildering 'rules' of time and space involving dreams, his wife had somehow found time to get dressed in her wedding gown and make it to the ground floor at the same moment the beating heart rolled to a stop in front of her.
She smiled over at him and stomped her stiletto clad high heel shoe down on it. It made a faint unimpressive deflating balloon sound as she continued on her way.
The tourists applauded and cheered loudly. More photographs were taken and the fat kid asked a woman standing nearby if he could take the deflated heart home as a souvenir. She said, “No, we already got you the mouse ear hat.”
He saw the rest of his body splatter messily from slightly above, as if his spirit or ghost had taken over the reins of his soul. His wife climbed into the back of a long sleek black limo and the ghost wanted to follow her; wanted to, but couldn't. It seemed rooted to his unsightly untidy earthly remains.
His messy corpse began quickly attracting flies and a few minutes later two janitors came out holding long fire hoses. They squirted what was left of him down into a sewer and his ghost faintly heard them debating where to go after work for beers.
The group of tourists applauded their work as the last of the bloody mess was sprayed from the sidewalk.


Peanut had put up with enough of the man's groaning and gyrations for one night. The Chihuahua barked into his face while standing on the man's chest.
Just as the rats and roaches in the sewer began feasting on his bloody corpse, he awoke to barking and felt his body covered in sweat as his heart (still securely lodged inside his chest) was pounding as if he'd been running a marathon. He heard the dog panting and looked at it standing on his chest.
Peanut gave the man an irritated look before going over to the other side of the bed, where it walked in a tiny circle three times before lying down atop his wife's pillow.
The man read the glowing green numbers on the bedside digital alarm clock; 2:47.
As his pulse slowed to a less strenuous rate, he managed to sit up on the edge of the bed and could still feel trembles running through many of his body's major muscle groups. His skin was covered in goose bumps as well as sweat. He took several deep breaths before feeling capable of standing up.
Peanut watched the man distrustfully as he shakily crossed the bedroom to the bathroom. When he flipped on the light the little dog shut its eyes.

Staring in the mirror over the sink he saw a strange looking man staring back. Part of the strangeness was the stupid compact florescent bulbs his wife had insisted on using 'to save the planet'. He hated the way they made him look in the best of times, especially when they were first turned on and hadn't warmed up, but at 2:47 in the morning after the most horrific nightmare of his life, the man in the mirror looked like a monster. He had gray and ash colored skin with deep dark bags under the eyes from too much drinking and too little sleeping that only magnified the reflection's disturbing appearance.
He flipped off the light and trudged back into the bedroom. Part of him knew it was just a nightmare and that he needed to go back to sleep, but a more persuasive inner voice warned against it. “She's waiting in there. Don't go back to sleep.”

Shuffling into the hallway dressed only in his semi clean jockey shorts he yawned and heard a sound. Or to be more precise, he thought he heard a sound. While yawning, his ears always felt briefly like they were stuffed with cotton. He looked back in the bedroom and by the light coming from his glowing alarm clocks numbers saw Peanut curled up on his wife's pillow.
The dog didn't hear it. If it had heard something it would be yapping nonstop, as usual. You're just freaked out by the dream. God, I need a beer, he thought, while continuing down the gloomy hallway filled with shadows.

When passing by his daughters room he wasn't yawning and yet again clearly heard something downstairs. He stopped walking and tried to categorize the sound. It wasn't loud. If anything it had a sly feel to it. It was as if whatever made the noise had been trying not to.
He tilted his head slightly and listened more intently at the top of the stairs.
I should go back and get the gun out of the bedside table. It could be a burglar, or... or maybe something worse. No, it's the dream that's got me all freaked out and hearing things; that's all.
But as he stood at the top of the stairs listening intently there were no more mysterious sly sounds below. The longer he stood the sillier he felt. After a few more seconds of listening, he shook his head and started downstairs.

The aquarium light in the den provided enough illumination for him to work his way through the room without tripping over any of the furniture. Then he realized the mysterious sly sound could easily have been the pump for the fish tank. He chuckled and shook his head at his own goofiness, before entering the kitchen and flipping on the overhead light switch.
A giant six foot high pink bunny rabbit with very long ears and whiskers looked up in alarm from where it was sitting at the kitchen table chewing at a head of lettuce, but that wasn't the most unusual thing he noticed; although it was most certainly not typical. A trio of pigs and a wolf, that all looked oddly familiar, quickly faded from view until they were nothing more substantial than a hint of an outline that then also disappeared.
Yet the pink rabbit remained and looked at him. The initial look of alarm was replaced with a hint of a smile.
The man stared in wonder and tried to convince himself he was still dreaming until the rabbit spoke up. “Yeah, buddy, you're dreaming. You should go upstairs and go back to sleep.”
The man nodded and started to turn away then looked doubtful and asked, “If I'm dreaming how can I go back to sleep?”
The rabbit sighed and shook its head so that its long ears flopped back and forth before saying, “Alright, smart guy, you're awake. Does that make you feel better about the situation?”
The man shook his head no while moving over toward the butcher block full of steak knives.

“You're not actually contemplating taking a knife and stabbing a giant talking pink rabbit sitting in your kitchen at almost three in the morning, are you?
What did I ever do to you? I'm just sitting here waiting my turn and eating some lettuce. And your first impulse is to stab me? Really? No wonder your wife left you,” the rabbit said and wiggled its nose, before taking another bite of lettuce.
“Where did the pigs and wolf go?”
“Oh, you saw them too. That just makes things even curiouser. They went upstairs, to play with Katie.”
“What!?”
“Shush, don't get all crazy and wake the kids. She invited them to come after you read that bedtime story earlier, so you've got no one to blame but yourself. Let the kids have some fun. They've had things at least as rough as you have since their mother, your wife, ran off. Plus, you getting drunk almost every night hasn't been any easier on them.”
“You and the others are... what? Dream characters?”
“Well, 'Dr. Freud', what do you think? Is there another possibility why three little pigs and a goofy looking wolf, not to mention a talking six foot tall pink rabbit, would be hanging around in your kitchen?”
“Insanity? I've finally snapped from the stress and... and I don't know... gone nuts or something.”

The rabbit looked at the ceiling and one of its long ears straightened up a little, before its head shook. “Sorry, thought she was ready for me. She's really nuts over those colorful magical talking ponies, isn't she?”
“Ashley. Yeah she has all the DVD's and toys...” the man said, then shook his head saying, “Wait, wait, wait a minute. I thought dreams just come from people's subconscious mind. So, why are you guys here in my kitchen.”
“Dreams are funny things. None of you really understands how they work or why people have them.”
“What are you?”
The rabbit took another bite of lettuce and asked, “Could I have a glass of water, please?”
He gaped at the rabbit and the rabbit gaped right back as its ears twirled comically around its head. The confused man went to the cupboard and got a glass, filled it with water at the sink and turned around; certain the pink rabbit would be gone. But it wasn't.
It picked up the glass in both paws and drank from it then smiled.

The man looked terribly confused for a few seconds before asking, “Why can I see you and the pigs and wolf?”
“I'm not trained in psychiatry, psychology, or anything like that. I'm just a big pink bunny rabbit. And if your daughter ever gets done messing around with magic ponies I'll most likely fade from your view like the pigs and wolf did. But, if you'd like me to, I could wait outside.”
The man shook his head. “Do you know why I can see and hear you or not?”
“You had a pretty traumatic nightmare a while ago, right?” The rabbit asked and tugged gently at the whiskers on the right side of its face.
The man nodded and shuddered. He could still clearly remember nearly everything about it, which in and of itself was odd. Usually, his dreams tended to drift apart and become muddled after just a few minutes.
The rabbit stood up and went to the cupboard where all the prescription drugs were kept, safely out of the girls reach. It reached a paw inside and brought one bottle out. It brought the bottle close up to its enormous pink eyes. “This is a new drug, isn't it?”
It saw the man nod and read the warning label, “May cause intense hallucinations and or dreams. Do not operate heavy machinery. Do not combine with alcohol, blah blah, blah. Take one tablet at bedtime.”
“So?”
Setting the bottle on the counter, the rabbit said, “I wouldn't take any more of these pills, if I were you.”
“But my friend that runs the pharmaceutical testing lab at work said they'd help me sleep. I've been dealing with a lot of shit since my wife left.”
The rabbit lifted his ear again and stared up at the ceiling while saying, “I hear the ponies prancing off. I gotta go soon. My guess is your subconscious is still running a good part of your brain right now, down here in your kitchen.
The subconscious and conscious minds are like Ying and Yang. They're not supposed to operate at the same time. I think that's why you saw me, the wolf and the pigs.”
“Does that mean I could see my wife again, here, tonight, right here in my house? And maybe have a whole parade of horny phantasm guys in my kitchen?”
The rabbit nodded sadly and slowly started fading away. “Your conscious mind might hold her off, but I wouldn't wanna chance it if I were you. She seems like a bitch to me. Like I said, toss the pills and maybe lay off the booze. Your kids need a good dad. That's my advice anyway.”

When the rabbit was completely gone from view, the man walked over and looked at the bottle of capsules briefly before tossing them in the trash. His mind rebelled at taking advice from a giant pink bunny, but as he wandered back toward the stairs he realized the dream of being pushed out the window at work and his wife being used by hundreds of men had been something uniquely different than the other nightmares he'd been suffering from over the last few weeks. They had all been bad enough but his latest dream was the worst he'd ever had and the most realistic feeling.
Peanut was snoring soundly as he sat back down on his side of the bed. He lied down and pulled the blankets up but didn't close his eyes. Turning his head he saw the bedside clock had 3:00 on its display.
Giant pink talking bunnies in my kitchen? Hmm. Okay, let's say it was right. Just before I went to bed all I could think about was Danielle and all the men she was probably fucking. So, if I concentrate on... flowers or colorful ponies will that keep her out? He wondered.

Lying on his side, he stared at the red numbers on his clock slowly advancing. He was tired and wanted to go back to sleep but was afraid.
They say if you die in your dreams you could die in reality, but I'm still alive. So what the hell does that mean? Does it mean anything? He rolled over so he could no longer see the clock, thinking, God, I'm so tired.
He jerked himself awake several times feeling as if he were falling before slipping once more into unconsciousness.
The roar of an engine was the first thing he was aware of. He opened his eyes and found himself curled up in the backseat of a car. Thumping heavy bass music was playing on the stereo and there were sounds of soft moaning coming from somewhere nearby. He could see the flash of headlights on the car's ceiling and struggled to sit up.
A man was behind the steering wheel. He looked like a punk in the man's opinion. The driver seemed young, maybe in his early twenties and had long greasy hair and a nose stud connected to a chain that went up to his ear, where another stud was located. He was sure he'd never met the young man before but something tugged at his memory. It took a few more seconds to realize what it was. He was in the back seat of his ex wife's car; the very car he'd bought for her a year earlier. But, where's Danielle?
He was sitting in the back behind the passenger seat and leaned forward to look into the front. Then he found his wife. She was leaning over with her face buried in the lap of the scurvy looking young man that was moaning happily.

Well, this is certainly a different kind of dream, he realized with a disgusted look on his face that gradually shifted to a slight smile. The sounds of lips smacking coming from the stranger's lap and moans gave him a wicked idea. He waited until the moaning sounds increased and struggled to keep from giggling.
Looking out the window as he waited, they passed the high end shopping mall on the far side of town where Danielle had recently leased an apartment. The details of the dream seemed remarkably realistic as they sped past a semi-tractor trailer parked on the side of the interstate. The car was going almost thirty miles over the posted speed limit and the driver's eyes were barely open as his rate of moaning started increasing.
He peered over into the front seat and saw his ex wife's head bobbing up and down faster.
Any second now, he thought with a grin and took a deep breath.

The road started a slow curve and as he prepared to lean all the way into the front area of the car and yell, when from the backseat he saw a faint outline of a tall pink rabbit standing on the side of the road. It was waving to him in a friendly way and had a big smile on its face as the car started into the curve.
A few hundred feet ahead there was a row of reflective orange construction barrels and he heard the young man starting to groan louder as his body shuddered.

Leaning forward into the front seat, he yelled, “What the fuck are you doing with my wife!”
The driver's eyes opened wide as he turned to look back at him. Then the driver screamed as his ex wife's teeth chomped down out of fear and shock at hearing her ex husband's voice.
The car hit the first few barrels and began sliding off the road into the median as Danielle managed to sit up in the front seat. Her face was coated in blood as well as other bodily fluids as she glared into the backseat.
The car rolled over on its side and sparks filled the air as a horrible metallic screeching sound replaced the partially neutered driver's screams before it slid down into the river.
He could see the burning hatred in her eyes as he laughed uproariously from the backseat. When the frigid waters began rapidly filling the car she looked utterly confused as her grinning ex husband faded from view.
“You're a nasty excuse for a woman. I never realized it before, but now I'm glad you left. I just wish this wasn't a dream,” he said before fading completely.


He awoke to the sounds of arguing coming from downstairs. Opening one eye, he saw sunlight leaking in around the sides of the curtains and yawned. The bedside clock informed him it was seven in the morning. He sat up on the edge of the bed with a goofy grin on his face.
Standing up, he slid on his robe and ambled out into the hallway and then downstairs.

When he entered the kitchen his daughters were still bickering.
“Baxter said so, that's how I know!” Ashley said, with both hands placed on her hips.
“Uh huh, sure he did. Besides, dreams don't mean anything, you doofus.” Katie retorted and dug her spoon into the bowl of cereal in front of her.
“Morning, ladies,” their daddy said in a cheerful way, as he crossed over to the coffee pot.
Both girls looked at him nervously. For the last few weeks he'd been very grumpy in the morning and they weren't certain what to make of a daddy that was in a good mood.
“What shall we do today? It's Saturday, so I was thinking maybe we'd go to the zoo and then go for pizza. How does that sound?”
Katie smiled and seemed to like the suggestion, but Ashley appeared much less excited at the prospect. She seemed upset about something.
As he poured a cup of coffee, he was about to ask what was wrong but then the phone rang. Crossing the kitchen to answer it, he heard Ashley saying softly to her sister, “Bet you it's the cops. He said they'd call.”
“Shut up, just because a dumb dream bunny tells you something bad happened, that doesn’t mean it's true,” her sister responded angrily.
Before reaching the phone, he saw the prescription pill bottle in the trashcan and turned to look where the rabbit had been sitting at the kitchen table. As the phone continued to ring, he saw nothing to indicate a giant pink bunny had been there.
He lifted up the phone as Peanut wandered into the kitchen.
“Hello,” he said feeling slightly better, before the dog dropped a piece of wilted looking lettuce at his feet.
“This is Sergeant Palmer of the South Precinct. I'm afraid there's been an accident.”
###


Disgusting Campfire Tales

An owl swooped down out of the dark woods and landed on a lightning scarred branch of one of the oldest trees for miles around. It wasn’t the tallest oak in the forest but the owl considered it home. The still warm torn and bloody squirrel carcass was clutched in the bird’s talons as it swiveled its head and peered down from the branch. A bright light burned a few hundred feet away and the smell of smoke was even harder to miss. The owl remained motionless and watchful for several long seconds before it felt safe enough to begin eating its dinner.

A few hundred feet away from the feasting bird a campfire was crackling brightly as the four men ate hot dogs, chili, and a few other things they’d brought along. No one said much. There was an underlying foul mood present that made the oldest member of the hunting party feel sorry he'd agreed to organize and lead the expedition.
Sherman had agreed to take his son's friends to one of his favorite stomping grounds in search of deer, but most of the young men appeared both bored and disgusted with the expedition. They'd been hunting all day and had two more days in which to find something to shoot. There had been signs of deer but only signs, so far. Sherman had hoped to have fresh venison for dinner, but as he chewed the somewhat burnt hotdog he smiled and gave his son a wink.
He then looked at his son's teenage friends and wondered why he'd ever agreed to take the trio of green horns out hunting in the first place. But then as he looked at his boy again, he knew it was the only thing Peter had asked for to celebrate his sixteenth birthday; a hunting trip with his pals. Sherman stood up and went to get something from his tent.

When he was out of earshot, John looked at the birthday boy and whispered, “Hey Pete, no offense but your birthday sucks ass.”
Peter nodded and whispered, “Yeah, but we'll find some deer tomorrow. Besides, you gotta admit it's nice to be out here just goofing off.”
“Nope, I don't have to admit that at all, not even for a second,” Michael said from where he sat in one of the folding chairs and continued tapping on his laptop keyboard.
“I still can't believe you brought that damn thing out here. You're the only guy I've ever heard of that would do homework while on a hunting trip,” Peter said, shaking his head.
“Wish I'd brought mine along. This thing blows. Think we could call the trip quits tomorrow? I don't know shit about hunting, anyway,” John said and spit in the fire.

Sherman came back, set down the cooler beside his folding chair, saying, “That's fine by me. We could be home by noon tomorrow. Besides, I think I know why there's no deer out here.”
He opened the cooler, pulled out a can of beer and popped the top. Taking a long swig, the middle-aged man looked up at the stars visible through the bare tree branches.
Michael saved his book report file and shut down the laptop, before asking, “Why do you think there's no deer?” while trying not to enviously stare at the can of beer.
“I'd tell you, but you guys wouldn't believe me,” Sherman said, finished his beer and reached for another, while winking at his son in a way the other boys couldn't see before asking, “Any of you young men want a beer?”
His son and John both readily accepted the offer, but Michael only shook his head.
“What’s wrong sonny, wrong brand?”
“No sir, it’s just that we're not really old enough to drink,” Michael said while ignoring his friends disbelieving looks of disgust.
“Well, sonny, while I respect that belief you have, I just don't happen to believe it. Nope, not even for a second. Are you going to sit there and honestly tell me you've never drank a beer before?”
Peter and John laughed because they both knew their friend was no stranger to alcohol. Michael only shrugged and muttered under his breath.

Sherman smiled with a touch of sadness in his face before clearing his throat and saying, “You guys never met my dad. By the time he was about your age he'd lied about how old he was, joined the army, fought the Nazi fuckers all the way up through Italy and earned a slew of medals for being one heroically tough son of a bitch.
It honestly pains me to see young men like yourselves buying into the political correct crap that says you ain't old enough to drink a frigging beer.” He saw his son rolling his eyes and nodded his head before continuing. “I know my son gets tired of hearing me bitch about society and how it keeps changing for the worse, but it’s true.
You guys all have a frigging driver’s license. It's my humble opinion if you're supposedly mature enough to drive a damn car, you sure as shit ought to be old enough to drink an occasional beer; not while driving, but you know what I mean. It’s gotta be one thing or the other. If you're mature enough to do one thing you should damn well be old enough to do the other.
I don't blame you fellas, though. Damn government has been doing weird shit to the young people for years; while treating everyone like we're a bunch of moronic babies. Wear a frigging seat belt or we'll give you a ticket. Recycle plastic crap or the world will die tomorrow. Heck, you can't even call bums what they are anymore. Nope, that's a no-no. Now everyone is supposed to call them homeless.” Sherman appeared genuinely pained and sighed before looking at Michael and adding, “It's your choice, though. You can have another soda if you don't want a beer.”
Michael shook his head, grinning, and took a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon from the cooler.

After they all had a beer and took a sip, Michael asked, “Mr. Evans, a while ago you mentioned something about the reason we couldn't find anything to shoot today. Why don't you think we'd believe you about the deer?”
Sherman sighed and said, “Because it sounds stupid. I thought my buddy from work was yanking my chain when he told me about something he saw out in these woods a few weeks ago. But, I guess he wasn't.”

All three boys sipped at their beers and looked expectantly at Peter's dad, but he didn't say anything more. Sherman just reached down and grabbed a piece of beef jerky and bit into it.
The two boys looked at their friend Peter as if asking, “Well?”
Peter nodded and turned to his dad. “What did he say he saw?”
Sherman meditatively chewed at the jerky and washed it down with a swallow of beer before saying, “I better not say. I don't need you boys wetting your pants. Besides, you probably wouldn't get any sleep if I told you.”
“Ah,” John said with a grin, “Ghost stories. I get it. Go ahead and tell us a good one.”
Peter's dad took out a pack of cigarettes and lit one. He didn't say anything as he stared at the dancing flames of the campfire.
“Come on Mr. Evans, a ghost story would be cool,” Michael added then finished his beer.

Sherman Evans rubbed at his stubbly two days worth of beard and looked momentarily at each boy, as if trying to decide something, before sighing and saying, “You guys heard about the cow mutilations that happened at that ranch a few miles north of here, right?” He saw the boys nodding and continued. “A lot of stupid people were talking about aliens and dumb shit like that, but I think it was probably what my buddy from work said he saw out here. I told him to go tell the cops what he saw, but then he just laughed and acted like he'd made it up. I could tell the only reason he didn't go to the cops was because he was afraid of being called a liar or a nut, plus he's a bit of a drunk.”
The boys all had a second beer in their hands and leaned closer as he continued with his tale. “You boys will think I'm lying, but it's the gospel truth. He told me he'd been hunting for a few days hereabouts and saw signs of deer but, just like us today, that's all he found; signs. Then toward sunset on the third day, he happened across a blood trail and it appeared fresh. It looked like someone had shot a deer and it was a bad hit. There was blood all along this place called a deer run.
You boys remember than patch of worn ground that led from the pond I showed you earlier, right?” He saw the boys nodding. “That's where the deer usually travel to get water. It's kind of overgrown at the top with plants and crap. That makes the deer feel safer, so they usually go that way.”
Sherman saw the boys, even his son, all listening intently and smiled inwardly as he continued. “So, my buddy follows the blood trail. I guess he was thinking to find the deer and put it out of its misery. By the way boys, anyone who ever wounds a deer and just lets it wander off to die in pain without tracking it down that's the lowest kind of scum on the planet.”
The boys nodded solemnly.
“Anyway, he follows the blood trail until it goes down in one of those little pocket valleys. Some people call them dells but that always makes me think of that kid song farmer in the dell. 
But that’s neither here nor there, I guess.
My buddy goes down there and it's starting to get dark and he has to move carefully, so he don't break his neck climbing down the hillside. By the time he reached the bottom it was so dark he had to use his flashlight. He found a little stream of water and sees the blood trail goes upstream.
There was sounds ahead of something crunching in the leaves and he assumes it was the deer, you know, writhing around on the ground in pain. But then he sees bits of hide, mostly just little bloody pieces, lying on the ground. That struck him as weird, but he kept going and as he follows a bend in the stream there's lots of noises like leaves rattling and being stomped on and checks his rifle.
He told me he wasn't scared, but I think he was. And this is a guy who fought over in Vietnam and is probably the toughest guy I've ever known, except maybe my dad.”
Sherman reaches for another beer and takes a sip. He looks at the boys warily peering beyond the campfire at the dark forest and smiles inwardly. Peter grins at his dad and he gives his son a warning glance. Don't blow the story yet, his eyes seem to say. Peter nods back slightly and picks up a piece of jerky.

“Where was this valley place?” Michael asked, staring nervously at the darkness.
“I asked him the same thing. He wasn't sure. But from the way he described it, I think it’s the one about a mile or two east of here. I don't go there as a rule because the hillsides are pretty steep. I ain't no damn mountain goat.
Anyway, he says after the leaves stopped crunching and rattling he kept going. Personally, I don't know if I'd have the guts to do that. It wasn't like he shot the wounded deer, after all. That's probably the only way I'd have kept going.
So, he shines the flashlight ahead and sees a deer lying in the leaves. Walking closer he notices something that makes him wish he hadn't followed it. It was a big deer that must have weighed over two hundred pounds and that, gentlemen, was even without its head.”
“What do you mean, without its head?” John asked in disbelief.
“Just that. My buddy said the head was gone and the deer's side and stomach had been torn open. It looked like a pack of wild dogs or coyotes had been chewing on it, at least that's what he thought at first.
He figured some low life hunter had sliced off the deer's head and taken it back as a trophy for a taxidermist to fix up. By the way, fellas, that’s a big fucking no-no too. Only a low life son of a syphilitic whore would do something like that.
Anyway, he takes a second to look at his compass and figure his camp is further along the way he'd been going. He's still wary of wild dogs or coyotes, so he has his rifle ready while walking up the hillside. About maybe fifty feet past the torn carcass he found the deer head and almost wets his pants.” He sees the boy’s looks of confusion and lights a fresh cigarette before continuing.
“You see, it wasn't lying on the ground. It was impaled on a big outcropping of jagged sharp rocks, so that it was facing away from the carcass. No hunter would do that. So, he's kind of freaked out and turns around when he hears some leaves rustling back behind him.”
“You don't have to tell us anymore,” his son said, looking pretty scared. The other boys nodded and muttered something under their breaths without looking at Mr. Evans.

Sherman nodded sympathetically. “Yeah, you guys are probably a bit too young to hear it anyway. I forgot you are still boys, after all. Maybe I'll tell you about it when you guys grow some hair on your balls,” he said, tossing the cigarette into the fire.
John and Michael blushed and exchanged a knowing look before saying, almost at the same time, “Go ahead.”
Peter nodded, adding, “Yeah, come on dad. We all know it's just a ghost story anyway.”
Sherman shook his head and said, “I'll tell you the rest, but I swear it's all true. Or at least it's what my buddy told me.
So, he spun around and saw a man just at edge of the flashlight's range. His eyes were reflective and stared right back at him, but he wasn't moving.”
Peter saw that John looked skeptical, while Michael appeared to be considering things. He turned back to his dad and asked, “So? What happened?”
He dropped his voice lower before continuing. “My buddy would never admit he was scared, but I could tell he was just by the way he recounted the story. He said that he yelled, ‘Hey! and lifted his rifle, pointing it at the figure.
I guess he thought whoever it was would turn and run, but he was wrong. The figure growled and started coming toward him with his arms swinging like a monkey, is exactly how he described it.
Coming closer into the light, he saw that it looked like giant furry ape thing. It was at least as tall as he was, and my buddy is my height; so he ain't no shrimp. He said its hairy face was coated in blood and deer entrails, and that its eyes looked wild maybe even insane. The hands had claws that looked like that weird creepy guy from the movies, where he kills people in their dreams, and they were also covered in blood.”
All three wide eyed boys shared a look before whispering, “Freddy.”
“So my buddy says he shot it,” Sherman said, then leaned to the side and farted. It was a long drawn out rumbling noise that seemed very loud in the nearly silent dark forest.
The boys looked at him expectantly, but he only yawned hugely and stretched out his arms.

“Well, then what happened?” John asked, obviously irritated.
“Yeah, what happened next?” Peter and Michael asked.
“Oh, he said it ran off the other way and he took off running back toward his camp. But, there's one thing I might have forgot to mention about my buddy. He's kind of a drunk. That's another reason he didn't go to the cops. Who'd believe him?”
“What do you think he saw, if he really saw something like that?” His son asked.
“Ever hear of a Sasquatch?”
“Bigfoot? Now I know this is just a goofy ghost story,” John said and laughed until the other boys joined in.
Mr. Evans smiled slightly and nodded his head. When the laughter died down, he said “Whatever helps you boys sleep well. If you don't believe it's true that's your problem.” He yawned and stood up. “I'm going to take a leak. Be right back.”

When he was gone, John said, “Ghost stories? Man, he must think we're a bunch of babies.”
Michael chuckled and shook his head. “I dunno, I thought it was pretty good; especially how he mentioned the cattle mutilations at that ranch. I read about that online. That crazy shit really happened.”
“Okay, sure that's some weird shit, but Bigfoot? Come on and get real. Everyone knows that's just a hoax every bit as believable as crop circles being made by artistic brain hungry aliens,” John said, then looked off toward where Peter's dad had gone and whispered, “I bet five bucks he's going to come jump out of the shadows and try to scare us.”
Peter laughed and leaned back. Raising his voice he called out, “Hey dad! You gonna jump out and give us a scare?”

There was a long pause and a somewhat pained grunt came from the shadows, before Mr. Evans answered, “Nope. If you fellas absolutely need to know what I'm doing, I'll tell you.” There was another grunt before his voice drifted back from the darkness, “I'm taking a wicked shit.”
The trio of boys laughed and all decided taking a leak might not be a bad idea. They stood and went downhill from the camp a few yards before taking care of business.

When they got back Mr. Evans was already there, looking at his wristwatch.
After the boys got settled around the fire, Peter's dad yawned and asked, “If I go to my tent and crawl into my sleeping bag, do you guys think you can be good and not do something stupid? I don't want to wake up to you guys having started a forest fire or shooting rifles into the darkness because you hear some 'spooky' sounds.”
“Don't worry, we'll behave, dad. Right guys?” Peter asked his buddies.
The other two other boys promised to behave and Sherman gave them each a serious “You better,” look before yawning and unzipping the flap of his big tent located about a dozen feet from the camp fire. As he went inside he said, “You guys can stay up as late as you want and bullshit each other. You won't keep me awake. I'm pooped. Just don't toss anymore wood on the fire. I really don’t want to wake up in the middle of a forest fire. Okay?”
All three boys agreed and sat around looking at the flames in silence as they could hear Peter's dad moving around inside the tent. (Presumably taking off his clothes before crawling into his sleeping bag)

“Wanna hear another ghost story?” Peter asked, before sipping from his beer.
Michael groaned and shook his head no.
John looked equally disinterested and asked, “Why are campfire stories always supposed to be scary? How about something different? You know, maybe really gross true stories could be fun. Only rule is it's got to be a true gross story. No making shit up.”
The other two boys nodded and grinned.
Michael was shaking his head and chuckling as he held up his hand and said, “Okay. I got one.”
“Your dad made me think of it when he was talking about taking a shit a minute ago.
My step-dad, the king of assholes, had me go with him a couple months ago to look at a car some guy was selling online. So, we ended up wasting almost a whole Saturday because the car turned out not just to be a little more than a hundred miles from home, but also a piece of shit that wouldn't even crank.
Anyway we had some lunch before starting back and about twenty minutes later as we're cruising down the interstate my step-dad starts farting.”
John chuckles, but Michael raises his hand in a “just wait for it,” gesture and continues. “I haven't got to the best part yet. You've seen his Corvette before. The prick never let me drive it.”
Peter's dad had apparently not fallen asleep inside his tent yet, because he called out from inside, “I wouldn't let any of you guys drive a Corvette either.”
Michael coughs and says, “The point is this, toward the end of the fart it sounded more than a little wet and the car stank really bad. And my step-dad gets this scared look on his face.
Me? I want to laugh so bad it hurts. But I know he'd kill me, so I just stare out the passenger side window at trees and crap as we're cruising along.”
“Does the Corvette have leather or cloth seats?” John asked, with a disturbing smile.
“Cloth,” Michael answers with an almost identical grin. “But wait, it gets worse. Traffic starts slowing down, probably from a wreck or something ahead, and I can hear his stomach doing that grumbling murmur growl thing and I know he has to find a bathroom soon.
He's swearing and I can see sweat start running down his face as we inch along in bumper to bumper traffic. There's no way to turn off and he starts shaking. I mean he's really trembling all over while trying to hold it inside.
It was pure hell for me too. I was biting my tongue so I wouldn't start laughing.
After another few minutes I see a sign on the side of the road that says REST STOP ½ MILE AHEAD. He's so busy trying not to crap his pants and his car, he doesn't even see it. I was tempted not to say anything but finally suggested it.
Does he say Thank You or anything like that?”
Peter and John knew their friend despised his step-dad and both shook their heads no.
“Of course he doesn't. He just starts honking the horn and squeezes the Vette through the lanes of traffic to get over and floors it once we're in the breakdown lane. It may have been half a mile to the rest stop but we covered the distance in like three seconds.
He squeals to a stop and climbs out.
I just burst out laughing as he does this ass clenched fast walk toward the little building that has snack and soda machines and of course bathrooms. I took the keys from the ignition and climbed out to watch as he went up to the building.
After about ten seconds he comes back, still doing the goofy walk. Only now I can tell he's really pissed off.
It seems both the girls and boys bathrooms were locked up.”
John finishes his third can of beer and smiles as Peter nods his head and chuckles.

“So he gets back and I was tempted to lock the car door so he couldn't get inside but decide not to be a total dick. My step-dad is no genius, but he realizes while getting back in the car he can't go anywhere else. There's just no time. He's gotta let it fly. He unsnaps his pants and slid them and the underwear down and aims his ass at the pavement while still half sitting in the driver’s seat.
I don't know why he didn't think to just crap in the bushes or something, but I'm glad he didn't. I was sitting in the passenger seat nearly dying, because all I want do is laugh my ass off. Then I hear something hitting the pavement that sounds like a garden hose squirting water, and that's when I couldn't stand it any longer. I roared and laughed so hard I was seeing spots after a few minutes.
My idiot step-dad got, I'd guess, almost 90% of the shit onto the pavement. But all the rest was all over the driver side carpeting and a good bit of the seat as well.”
All three boys laughed for a minute until John asked, “Is that why he sold the Corvette last month?”
Michael laughed harder and could only nod his head in answer.

John cracked open his third beer and begins to speak. “Okay, my turn. My cousin James, you guys saw him over the summer when he was visiting. He's a Junior at the community college and he told me about seeing a guy die. No shit, this dude actually died at a party he went to.
It was raining and a bunch of college kids sort of took over a park that has one of those pavilion things. You know the kind. It’s got a big roof and the sides are all open with no walls. They were using the grills to cook up hot dogs and had a few kegs of beer on hand. Loud music was playing and it was, you know, just a party.
Everything's cool for a few hours before this fat guy gets not just drunk but really drunk and announces to everyone,’ I'm gonna take a piss!’
The rain has become just a little drizzle by then and it’s starting to get dark and this guy gets up and staggers out from under the pavilion. Oh, I almost forgot something. In addition to a lot of beer there were a few gallon jugs of moon shine someone brought and the fat guy had been drinking a lot of that.”
“Moonshine? You mean like rednecks make?” Michael asked.
“Yeah, I've had some before. It tastes like shit but has a kick like a mule. That shit will get you drunk really fast,” John said and laughed.
“If it was the really powerful stuff, that could even run an engine,” Peter adds, but resists the urge to tell his buddies how his dad sometimes bought some from his buddies at work.

Michael only nods and says, “Oh yeah. It's some bad shit.
So the fat guy staggers out into the rain and starts to take a piss while leaning on a light pole. The light overhead is flickering and buzzing, but no one's paying attention to him except my cousin. He had his phone out and was using the camera thing to take a video of the fat guy.”
“Your cousin is weird,” Michael pointed out with a laugh.
“Yeah, he is, but then the fat guy starts shuddering and makes these heaving noises. You know like he's about to puke. My cousin moved closer to record that too. And later the cops took the phone for evidence.”
Michael and Peter exchange confused looks.
“The fat kid starts puking on the light pole but didn't see the access plate thing on the metal pole was missing. There were blue and white sparks as the puke went in through the hole where the wires were. Then a stream of burning pure grain alcohol moonshine shot back out from the hole and straight into the fat kid's mouth.”
Michael and Peter look grossed out but nod.

“So, the fat kid's not just spewing out moonshine that's on fire, but being electrocuted at the same time. He can't pull away from the frigging pole as the flames shoot into his mouth, because he can't let go. I didn't know you could puke while being shocked but I guess you can.
So the fat kid can't even scream as his face and mouth burns. My cousin said you could actually see steam coming off the kid as the stench of puke and burning flesh filled the air. That's when other people turned and saw it and everyone starts yelling and screaming as the lamp on top of the light pole goes dark. The only light was coming from the poor fat kid as he puked fire and finally ran out of stuff to throw up.
He was just this big smoldering dead thing when he finally fell to the ground.”
“I call bullshit. It was a good story, but there's no fucking way that's true,” Michael said.
“Look it up online sometime when we get home and can get a damn cell signal. It doesn't go into all the gory details but it's all true. I just hope the poor fat fucker was already dead when his dental fillings melted.
Anyway the cops get there and most all the kids had left by then. My cousin was dumb enough to hang around and showed the cops the video and they took his phone as evidence. I heard they ran the video at the trial when the dead kid's parents sued somebody for like two or three million bucks. And even heard a few of the jurors puked when they saw the video.”

“Okay, that definitely beats my story,” Michael said while yawning.
“Yep, and it’s a lot better than mine, Peter announced and yawned as well as if the yawn had been contagious.
“Not so fast, birthday boy. You owe us something. You gotta have a gross story,” John said and yawned as well.
“I think it’s more funny than gross, I guess. My dad told me about a friend of his who fell asleep at work.”
The other boys nodded and smiled sleepily.
“Well it's not a really long story. This guy was leaned way back in one of the office chairs and snoring pretty loud. My dad went over really quiet like and got his ass lined up like an inch from the snoring guy.”
The boys grinned expectantly as they warmed their hands over the mostly just glowing red coals of the campfire.
“And the sleeping guy was snoring with his mouth sort of hanging open. Anyway, my dad just let loose a long foul nasty fart right into the guy's mouth.
He ran back to his own chair as the guy made these choking noises. Gagging and gasping for air, he finally wakes up and sputters a bunch of cussing. My dad was sitting at his desk trying to look innocent when the guy glares over at him and gives him a dirty look.”
The boys all laughed and Peter heard faint sounds of crackling leaves somewhere behind him, on the far side of his dad's tent. He smiled and tried not to react to the sound.
“This was the same guy that once went with my dad on some business trip and fell asleep in the passenger seat as they were driving home. He's got the seat reclined way down and it was a long trip so he was pretty zonked out, snoring again. My dad said it was like two or three in the morning and he was getting sleepy too, plus his friend's snoring was just making it harder to stay awake.
So, he glanced over and made a fist. He swung it down and slammed it as hard as he could in his buddy's balls. Just WHAM!”

All three teenage boys laugh loudly at this point and it takes almost a minute before things calmed down again.
Michael stood up first and stamped his feet to get the circulation running and scooped up his laptop. “Happy Birthday, Pete. I really thought going hunting would blow, but it has been kind of cool. I'm going to go try and catch some sleep. Can't hardly keep my eyes open.”
John nodded and stood up next. “Yeah man, your dad was cool to bring us along. Happy B-day.”
Peter asks loudly, “You guys aren't really going to sleep already, are you?”
Michael whispers back, “Dude, quit yelling. You're going to wake up your dad.”
“Yeah man, that's just rude. Show some respect,” John said and joins Michael as they cross over to the tent they were sharing.

Peter didn't hear anything behind him in the woods any longer and wonders if his dad changed his mind about going ahead with the prank. Reaching down as his friends went into their tent he picked up his flashlight and turned to see what's going on.
After unzipping his dad's tent he saw it was empty and the back flap exit was standing open.
That's weird. I hope he didn't have a heart attack or something wearing that heavy goofy looking big foot suit, he thought turning back in the direction he heard the leaves rustling a few minutes earlier.

The plan had been his dad's idea. Every time he and his buddies took a new guy out hunting, someone would wear the homemade fur suit and jump out of the dark to grab somebody and drag them off into the woods; usually flailing and screaming like an idiot. But it always worked. The uninitiated would scream and in general act like a freak until the other guys laughed.
The Big Foot suit was made out of half a dozen old ratty looking fur coats they'd found over the years at thrift stores and stitched together.
When his dad showed it to him back at home, Peter doubted it would fool anyone but agreed it would be fun to try and freak out his friends. His dad assured him it would look much scarier in the woods, especially at night.

There was nothing left to chance when it came to pulling off the prank. After the one time a new guy had brought along a handgun no one knew about and almost killed the guy wearing the Big Foot suit, they always made sure all the guns were both unloaded and stored away inside one of the tents before the 'attack' took place.

“Dad?” Peter called out softly as he stared into the woods. There was a faint sound of leaves rustling in the distance but that was all.
He heard his friends laughing inside their tent and grumbled to himself about his dad screwing up a great prank as he started toward the sounds in the woods. About twenty feet from the campfire he saw his dad's pack of cigarettes, a plastic bottle of blood (made out of corn syrup and red dye) and a flashlight lying beside a stump. He scratched his head and shined the light in a circle before walking a few feet further along, whispering, “Dad?”
There was a grunting noise further ahead and he swore angrily before following the sound. “Dang it dad, it won't work trying to scare me. I saw the stupid suit, remember?”

A big hunk of ratty looking fur was lying in the leaves a few feet further along. Peter kicked it over and saw the big stitches inside where it had been connected to the rest of the suit and stood uncertain. He shined the light all over the piece of fur and saw something that might have been blood on the inside at the same moment there was a faint sound from up ahead.
It could have been his dad's voice calling out, “Help.” But the voice was very soft and a second later there was a much louder grunt and the sound of something being hit hard.
“DAD!” Peter yelled, starting forward at a trot. “Dad! I'm coming!”
His yells echoed through the mostly silent forest and a few seconds later his friends back at camp realized something was wrong when they discovered Mr. Evans tent was empty and there was no sign of anyone. John pointed his flashlight at the floor of Sherman's tent, saying, “Grab the rifles and let's go find out what's going on.”
“Mr. Evans told us not to fool with them unless he was around,” Michael noted and looked toward the sounds of distant yells echoing through the forest.
“Don't be dick all your life. Pick them up and follow me. I really don't think they're fooling around.”
Within seconds, John was quickly leading the way into the trees as Michael followed right behind him, carrying two rifles while muttering, “Why didn't I just stay home?”

Peter spotted light ahead and ran faster down a deer path toward it. He saw his dad's flashlight propped up in between a branch and the trunk of a large pine tree. There was blood covering the flashlight's barrel and plastic lens. Trembling and more afraid than any time in his entire sixteen years of life, he turned to follow the light beam's direction. He didn't make it more than a few steps before he heard running footsteps coming up from behind.
Turning around, he shouted, “Dad!?”
John called back as he hurried over, “What's going on?”
Michael looked at the flashlight stuck in the tree and the ashen white face of Peter, before saying, “Goddamn it, Pete, if this is a joke it has gone far enough.”
Peter took a rifle from his friend and turned back toward the direction he'd been going, without answering.

The boys lined up with John holding a rifle on the left, Peter on the right, and Michael gripping two flashlights in between them and crept forward.
A strewn out figure that looked like Mr. Evans was several feet ahead lying in piles of leaves next to a sapling pine that had been hit by lightning sometime in the past and splintered about five feet from the ground. All three boys remembered Mr. Evans pointing it out as they hiked up the hill at dusk. It had been blackened and pointed at the sky like a spear point.
Michael was shining both flashlight beams down at the body, and it was clearly Mr. Evans. Blood covered the man's pants and the few remnants of fur he was still wearing.
“Dad? Are you okay?” Peter whispered, before growling at Michael. “What are you doing? Shine the light on my dad, not the stupid trees.”
But Michael had spotted something on top of the lightning struck pine and desperately needed to disprove his fear of what it was.
The flashlight beams landed on something stuck on the tree's tip that had hair and was roughly shaped like a human head coated in blood. It wasn't until the metal frames of his dad's broken and mangled eyeglasses reflected back from the object that Peter finally started screaming.
All three boys shouted in confused shock and terror as John spun around trying to keep his eyes on every direction simultaneously.
Peter collapsed to his knees beside his father's body and screamed, “No!”
Michael felt queasy and was afraid he'd puke if he kept the flashlights aimed at what was left of Mr. Evans' head. He shined the beam of light in a circle as John yelled into the darkness.
“Come on out, you fucker! Try ripping off my head! I'll blow your shaggy ass straight to hell!”

It went on like that for almost a minute. Peter crying at his father's side as his friends continued turning in a circle shouting into the darkness and waiting for Big Foot to come back.
Then there was a giggling sound that grew quickly into a coughing wheezing laugh. Peter felt his dad's body shaking beside him and snatched one of the flashlights from Michael. He shined it down and saw that his dad still had a head attached to his neck hidden under some of the leaves. It was a head with an infuriating grin on its face.


It took another five minutes before they were all calmed down and convinced it had just been an elaborate if not equally nasty prank.
Mr. Evans explained he'd taken the shells out of the guns when one of the boys asked, “What would have happened if we'd shot someone?”
“It was still a shitty thing to do,” Peter said while glaring at his dad.
“Think of it as a rite of manhood, son. Come on, guys, you all passed the test. You should be proud of yourselves. What if there had actually been a furry monster out here? None of you knew it was safe and yet all of you showed some serious guts going out there. I'm damn proud of you fellas,” Sherman said and retrieved his flashlight from the crook of the tree.
Michael followed him saying, “I guess you're right. Considering we didn't know what was going on, I guess we were pretty bad ass.”
John laughed and patted Peter on the shoulder. “Your dad may be a dick, but he's a lot cooler than mine. He only comes home from work, sits in his recliner and watches TV all the time. Besides, you can't be too mad, or at least you shouldn't be. You wanted him to do the same thing to us. Remember?”
Peter hated it when his friends had a good point, especially John. He nodded and chuckled as they carried the fur coat pieces back to camp.


A tall shaggy creature watched them leave then crept forward bent down low, sniffed the ground where Mr. Evans had been lying, and then stared at the paper-mâché human head mounted to the lightning stuck tree. It listened to the voices heading back to camp and squinted at the distant beams of flashlight before growling softly and following.
###


Southwestern Road Trip

“You're lost,” the woman with a grumpy tired expression on her face said to the grinning man sitting behind the steering wheel.
“Nope, I'm pretty sure we're still in New Mexico,” he answered as the SUV kicked up a plume of dust behind it. “Besides, you can't find scenery like this riding down the interstate let alone anywhere in California. On the interstate all you ever see are billboards and big tractor trailers that always fly by like bats out of hell. Besides, I dare you to tell me this isn't simply gorgeous.”
She looked at the canyons and peaks of mountains with their palettes of rich browns and bright red hues and yawned before grudgingly admitting, “Yes, it's all very pretty, Henry, but the kids have been zonked out for the last half hour. When you said we'd take in the sights of New Mexico I didn't realize you meant to see every dang desert and big hole in the ground that there is.”
“They fell asleep? How could they do that with so much unspoiled natural beauty unfolding in every direction for as far as the eye can see?”
“Because eight and six year old children need their rest, just like their mother's do,” she said, pointing at the sun as it dipped steadily toward the horizon then added, “We've been wandering the desert like the lost tribe of Israel since nine this morning. How much is enough for you?”
He sighed and nodded before saying, “First of all we are most certainly not lost. But you win, Janet. Check the GPS gizmo and tell me which way to the nearest town.”
She fiddled with the screen on the navigation system on the dashboard and said, “It says Albuquerque is about sixty miles southeast of here. It would be a lot simpler if you'd stayed on the main roads or at least the paved ones.”
“Sixty miles isn't a problem. Besides, out here we can do a hundred miles an hour without attracting the cops. Try that on a highway and we'd be pulled over before we even got close to eighty.”
“Henry, for once in your life, please, don't be a horse's ass. You go a hundred and I'll never sleep with you again. I think sixty is as fast as these roads... ha... 'roads', I mean donkey paths can handle,” she said while yawning.
He glanced up at the digital compass mounted near the rear view mirror and saw a turn off half a mile ahead that looked like it went more or less in a south easterly direction. “Why don't you take a cat nap? And when you wake up we'll be back in civilization,” he said the last word with a notable hint of contempt.
“Alright, but no more detours. I know you. You're one of those wanderlust types. If we get back to a hotel early enough and manage to get the kids to fall asleep maybe we could do something fun later,” she said with a mischievous smile before reclining the passenger seat back.

He turned onto the south easterly heading dirt road and had to slow down quite a bit to avoid the biggest ruts and pot holes. After a few minutes he heard Janet snoring and took another sip from his bottle of warm diet soda. He had a difficult time focusing on the road as his eyes were continuously drawn to the plateaus and canyons with their colorful and almost magical windblown shapes.

A thin somewhat mangy coyote watched the dust covered black SUV from its hiding spot in a patch of scrub brush. Its eyes were nearly shut to keep the bright sunlight from blinding it. The animal knew humans rode inside things like the SUV and sometimes when they spotted her they'd fire loud things.
Her mate had died a few weeks earlier when humans had noticed them drinking from a creek that ran down from the mountains and shot him.
She didn't like people.
Using her mouth, she picked up the remains of the jackrabbit she'd killed and watched the plume of receding dust for a few more cautious seconds before trotting toward her den where her three hungry pups were waiting for their mom to bring them dinner.
A few minutes later, as the pups ate, their mother watched a flight of four helicopters heading in nearly the same direction that the SUV had gone. The large letters of CDC were easy to make out on the sides of the flying things, and despite the coyote's inability to read she growled at them until they were gone.


The valleys and mountains appeared to grow even more beautiful as the sun drifted toward the horizon. Henry slowed down several times to use his digital camera and knew Janet would simply love the pictures when he showed them off later, and probably say, “I should have stayed awake. I'm such a fool. Next time I'll be more understanding and not bitch and whine all day.”
It was almost an hour after turning onto the south easterly heading road that he snapped the last picture. An outcropping of rock shaped almost like a buffalo, if you squinted your eyes a bit and used a significant amount of imagination, was the subject of the photograph. He thought the combination of late afternoon sun light and shadow looked like something that should be published in National Geographic Magazine and made a mental note to submit it after their vacation was over.

He knew prowling through the south western United States wasn't his wife's idea of a real vacation, but this year he'd been diplomatic and yet stubborn enough to get his way. How many amusement parks could she expect me to visit without going stark raving insane? With their overpriced drinks, expensive lousy tasting cold stuff they purported to be food, long lines of screaming brats, sweating, and sore feet aside, there was precious little there to be amused by.
No. By God, not this year; finally we're surrounded by the rich, beautiful, almost magical wonders of nature itself. And how does my family repay me? He glanced in the rear view mirror and saw his son and daughter snoring where they were securely fastened into their booster seats, while listening to the deep cycling breathing of his wife and thought, They sleep through it all. I'd probably have had more fun with coma patients as passengers. I mean, looking off to the right there's a canyon that must be a hundred feet deep and on the left side there's a mountain every bit as beautiful and majestic as... His thoughts were interrupted as he realized the narrow road he'd been following for the last quarter hour was growing steadily more constricted. It was still wide enough for the SUV but appeared to shrink by the minute.
It will widen out again, it's got to, he hoped while slowing down.

There was a fairly wide area he found around a corner of some fallen boulders but it still looked iffy. He glanced up at the quickly darkening purple sky and the brightest stars already appearing overhead. There were distant lights moving through the air a few miles away and he took some comfort in knowing that despite their possibly being lost and in a bad situation people weren't too far away. Unrolling the window, he confirmed what he'd already suspected; they were helicopters. The faint sound of their rotors was unmistakable even at such a great distance. He guessed that they were hunting for illegal immigrants or possibly drug smugglers.
Looking over at Janet, he thought, Oh man, she's going to be pissed off big time. Please don't wake up. Taking his foot off the gas pedal entirely the SUV dropped to a barely idling speed and he flipped on the headlights. They rolled slowly forward another hundred yards before the road finally became little more than the width of a walking path and he stopped the SUV thinking, almost praying, Please, oh please, don't wake up.

He was putting the transmission in reverse when Janet groggily inquired, “Are we at a hotel yet?”
“Almost... Um... why don't you get a little more shut eye?”
“Nope. I can't sleep very good in a car, you know...” Janet stopped speaking when she saw the stars above and turned to glare at her husband.
She gave him 'The Look'.
It was the same exact expression she had whenever he'd done any of a billion stupid things before: Didn't turn down the heat on the stove, like she told him to, and cremated a fifteen dollar roast that even the dog wouldn't eat, tried saving a few bucks by fixing the leaky toilet himself and ended up having to spend close to four thousand dollars replacing the bathroom floor because he hadn't done it right and caused a leak that rotted out the joists and left a foul mess of human excrement in the crawlspace, bought medicated powder instead of baby powder and gave their oldest child a horrible rash that didn't clear up completely for almost a month.
In short, it was a 'YOU DONE FUCKED UP' look.
It chilled his blood and he found it hard to smile but somehow managed it before saying, “At least it's not raining.”
Ignoring his words and the infuriating smile on his stupid face, she pulled her seat into an upright position and stared out into the darkness.
There was a long awkward silence that followed until a small tired sounding voice from the backseat announced, “I need to use the bathroom.”

Janet spared her husband one last remnant of 'The Look' before pasting a counterfeit smile on her face and turned saying, “Hiya, tough guy. You're gonna have to hold it for a while, your daddy got us lost.”
“Are we really lost, daddy?” The little boy's voice sounded more excited by the prospect than worried.
“No way, buddy. We are definitely not lost. I just made a wrong turn, somewhere. But don't worry we've got more than half a tank of gas and your daddy will get you to a bathroom in two shakes of a lamb's tail,” he said lifting his foot off the brake and staring intently at the little monitor mounted on the dashboard that showed what a camera mounted to the rear of the SUV saw.
“Just how fast does it take for a lamb to shake its tail? Because I really need to go to the bathroom.”
“Maybe twenty minutes,” he answered.
“Think you can hold it or do you wanna find a place outside to go?” Janet asked.
The boy looked as if he were considering the question carefully before saying, “I can hold it, momma. I'm a big boy. Besides, it’s a number two bathroom emergency, not a number one.”
“What's going on?” The boy's older sister asked groggily, while rubbing her eyes with her fists.
“Daddy got us lost,” the boy said then giggled.
“Edwin, you and your big sister Megan both know your daddy's not a great driver. Now, you two hush up back there and let him concentrate,” Janet said and almost laughed as she saw her husband biting his lip while concentrating on the rear view monitor.

Megan reached into the cooler with its mostly melted ice and fished out a bottle of diet soda.
“I want one, too,” Edwin whined, reaching his shorter arms down but unable to reach the cooler.
“Here, take this one,” Megan said, handing him the bottle. She watched as Edwin struggled to open the twist off cap and chuckled.
“Make it do,” Edwin said holding out the bottle.
His sister retrieved the bottle and asked for the magic word.
“Please, make it do.”

Their father was tempted to tell them to be quiet as they began chattering excitedly. He wasn't exactly scared, but driving in reverse along narrow canyon roads in the dark was definitely not the easiest thing to do.
Janet took pity on him when she saw the vein in his neck starting to swell and throb in time with his heartbeat. “All right you two, be quiet until daddy gets us turned around.” She was tempted to add, “If he doesn't run us into a ditch first,” but thought saying something like that wasn't just cruel but also tempting bad luck.

It took almost five minutes before they reached the wide part of the road he'd thought of trying to turn around the SUV at earlier. In the dark he thought it looked a bit smaller than he'd remembered. He turned the steering wheel all the way to the right and kept his foot lightly on top of the brake pedal as they rolled toward the edge of the road.
Janet was watching the little monitor too but didn't seem very concerned or worried. He then realized she didn't know there was a drop off into a canyon. She'd been asleep when they'd driven past and probably thought it was just a ditch. He quickly mentally debated telling her about the drop off but decided not to. The news might scare her and worry the kids needlessly.
The rear of the vehicle was still a few feet from the edge and he thought there would be no problem finishing the turn right up until the moment the roadway crumbled away and the rear tires sank down with a sudden jarring sensation. There was a fairly loud crunch of metal as the SUV's undercarriage hit the dirt road.

Erosion caused by decades of nearly constant wind and infrequent rain had undermined the edge of the road. From up top it looked solid, and yet from the bottom of the valley it looked much like a scene from the cartoons featuring the Roadrunner and Coyote. The overhanging section of road probably would have been strong enough to hold up under the weight of a real coyote and roadrunner (maybe even a dozen of them), but a several ton SUV broke through quite easily.
The kids and their mother fell silent as Henry quickly slid the transmission into drive and swore several words that neither of his young offspring had ever heard before. The spinning rear tires quickly chewed through what little roadway remained as the front wheels spun and smoked but did nothing to move the vehicle forward.
Janet saw the kids were ready to start crying as they realized something was wrong; very wrong. As her husband continued to try and drive back onto the remaining road, she unsnapped her seat belt and began climbing into the back to comfort the kids.
Henry felt the SUV tilting back more and it was at that moment he saw his wife going into the backseat. He screamed, “NO!” and tried to pull her back into the front section, but the vehicle was already in motion; it was too late. They were going over the edge.


The wolves that made this remote desert valley their home had just begun to emerge from their cave for the night's hunt when the sound of the SUV's roaring engine caught the leader's attention. It nimbly climbed up on an outcrop of rocks within seconds and watched as the vehicle began tipping with its headlights shining up into the sky momentarily. Then there was a series of loud echoing metallic crunching and breaking glass sounds that followed. It only ended after several seconds when the vehicle hit the canyon floor.
The pack leader tilted its head but in spite of the unusual occurrence it was about to return to the other wolves below and go in search of food. The crunching echoes were still bouncing off the canyon walls, but it stopped and looked back again. Its ears twitched as the sounds of Edwin and Megan screaming from inside the vehicle reached them.
Sometimes the wolf pack would have to travel a great many miles in a typical night of hunting before finding something to kill and eat. Tonight however, dinner seemed to have been delivered less than a hundred yards from their den.
The leader howled. Its mate and two pups answering howls quickly followed and within seconds the pack was heading warily toward the source of those delicious sounding young screams.

*****

Three miles distant, in the Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park the last of the sheriff department personnel as well as New Mexican state troopers we're being sent back to their regular duties. But only after all of them had been warned not to speak of what they had seen there that afternoon. They also had to sign a no disclosure form from a representative with the Federal Bureau of Investigation that was coordinating with the Centers for Disease Control.
The federal agent was happy with the last task of his assignment. Carrying his briefcase of signed forms over to a Mercedes, he actually smiled a bit while running his fingertips over the beautiful luxury car. It had belonged to Mr. Stephen Keck until he had somehow died by falling into a well filled with monstrosities that had once been human. The agent understood the vehicle was strictly a very short time loaner, but grinned as he climbed behind the steering wheel.
Two CDC personnel wearing bio hazard suits carried Keck's corpse that had been stuffed inside a body bag over to the car. The agent popped open the trunk release and felt the car shift slightly as Keck's body was placed inside. When the lid was slammed shut he started the engine and drove toward a predetermined site near the factory Keck had managed. It was a secluded spot where Mr. Keck's car was to be torched after his corpse was placed behind the steering wheel.
As he drove, the federal agent snooped through the glove compartment and center console for anything that might be worth taking along before burning the car. He discovered several interesting items including a frequent user’s discount card for a whore house in Albuquerque, a nearly full bottle of pills inside an unlabeled prescription bottle, a collection of Barbara Streisand CDs, and several Cuban cigars.
He chose to only take the cigars before torching the Mercedes.

Back at the trailer park, a helicopter with CDC markings landed near the National Guard's operations tent. A tired looking young man wearing a business suit got out and hurried over to the tent. The helicopter then lifted off.
Two soldiers were guarding the entrance. One pointed his rifle in the vicinity of the young man dressed in a business suit while the other looked at his identification card.
“You are David Peter? Pathogens and... what does the rest mean?” The guard with a confused look on his face asked while staring at the ID card.
“My name is Dr. David Peters, not Peter. And the words giving you difficulty are communicable virology. I was sent here by the CDC to coordinate with a man named Fuller; Tommy Fuller.”
“General Fuller is overseeing something really important just now. Maybe you should wait.” The guard holding the rifle suggested.
Dr. Peters grunted in disgust and took back his ID card. He saw the bonfire of bodies in what appeared to be a dilapidated building of some kind about fifty feet away. Peters was confused as he wandered closer toward the flames. What the hell is going on around here? First, they told me it was some kind of rabies variation outbreak and now I see they're burning dozens of corpses. None of this makes any sense.
His thoughts were interrupted when he spotted a CDC medical technician carrying a first aid kit into a mobile infirmary tractor trailer. He followed and upon entering wondered what precisely had been going on in this remote valley.

Strapped down on a gurney beyond a decontamination chamber there was a nearly naked fat man wearing a pair of dirty neon pink underwear. He saw the man in the underwear struggling against the restraints, but what struck him as more odd than everything else was the mesh spit mask covering his head. He'd seen the mask used by police before, when they had to deal with prisoners who tended to bite or spit, but the man's head appeared distorted inside the hood. It seemed much too large. It looks almost like a pumpkin, Dr Peters realized.
The medic was exiting the far side of the decontamination chamber and opening the first aid kit near the man in pink underwear.
Dr Peter's shrugged and took down one of the hazardous materials suits from a row of pegs on the wall. In less than thirty seconds he was secured inside and went through the decontamination chamber.

The medic glanced over as Peters entered the room then went back to trying to take the man's temperature with a digital thermometer designed to be used by simply placing the probe against a patient's skin. The medic grunted in disgust and adjusted the thermometer and tried again to get a reading. Peters saw the medic start to remove his heavy thick gloves and said, “Excuse me, but I don't think that's a very good idea.”
The medic turned and said, “I was told to check the survivors, but these damn suits are too bulky and a pain in the butt.”
“Let me lend a hand. What seems to be the problem?”
“Okay, but we need to hurry. Some big dick hot shot from Atlanta is supposed to be here soon. If I don't have the vital signs recorded by the time he gets here, he's going to chew me a new asshole.”
Peters nodded and looked over the digital skin thermometer. It was one of the newest and most advanced on the market. He watched as the medic placed it under my subject's armpit. The patient grunted and struggled against the straps. After a few seconds the medic grumbled in disgust, “Dumb fancy piece of shit is busted. Reach in the kit and hand me the other one.”
After handing him an identical device, Peter's asked, “What's your name?”
“Sheldon Fredericks,” he answered placing the probe under the man's armpit again. He stared at the small digital screen and waited for the results.
Peters leaned over and tried to see through the mesh spit hood. The man's face was a mass of torn skin and a pair of slits where his eyes should be. He looked at the rolls of filthy flabby flesh and noted a wound just above his belly button. Swinging over a ceiling mounted light he took a metal probe off a tray and gently poked the hole. A writhing piece of rice popped out. It took Peters a moment to realize it was a maggot.
“Damn it, this thermometer's busted too,” Fredericks said and began sliding off his gloves once again.
Peters said, “Keep the gloves on. Let me guess. The readings are indicating he's at room temperature.”
“Yeah. How did you know that and who are you, anyway?” Fredericks asked while shaking his head in confusion and staring at the thermometer.
“I'm Dr. David Peters. I'm the big dick hot shot from Atlanta. And I think the reason you can't get a normal temperature reading is simple. This guy is dead.” As he spoke, Peters pulled at the edge of the belly wound with the probe and a stream of maggots poured out.
“You can't be serious. Yeah, he's fucked up but... but a zombie? Like brain hungry freaks from those dumb movies? That's just bullshit. Sounds like something from a stupid badly written book; probably created by a deranged psychotic.”
Dr. Peters moved over to the patient's head and pulled off the mesh hood.

The man's bloody and greasy filthy hair was the only thing that appeared even marginally normal. Nearly all the facial skin was bloated and torn or missing entirely in several spots. His dull gray glazed over eyes opened wide after the hood was removed. He lifted his head and made a muffled growling noise while staring at Peters. As he opened his mouth thick black fluid, which looked like dirty motor oil, mixed with even more maggots spilled out.
Peters stared for a moment before turning and heading for the decontamination chamber. He paused before shutting the door, and said, “If that's not a zombie, I'm a taco eating chipmunk named Floyd.”
The medic had no response to that as he backed away from the undead man struggling against the straps.

*****

The tired deputy listened to the sounds of the early evening desert, but mostly all he could hear was the quiet splashing of urine as he relieved himself next to a large boulder. The rock felt good because it was still radiating heat from the day-long exposure to the sun. He looked back at the horse tethered loosely to the fender of a rusted out long ago abandoned Ford pickup truck and decided to walk the beast for awhile. Not out of concern he'd ridden it for too long, but because horseback riding did not agree with his sore rump.
Sheriff Guiteriz was not at all satisfied with the National Guard and CDC officials when they promised that all the infected people in the trailer park had been accounted for. And while they had the authority to order out local and state law enforcement and enforce a quarantine zone, they couldn't tell the sheriff not to patrol the perimeter of the valley where madness, murder, and the undead had apparently ruled for the past several days.

The man untied the reins from the truck's fender and performed a radio check. “Albuquerque HQ, this is Deputy Autry. Radio check. Can you read me?”
The walkie-talkie released a brief burst of static for a moment followed by one of the dispatchers saying, “We read you fine, Bo. Anything to report?”
I'm tired. My butt hurts and I wish I hadn't volunteered for this, he felt tempted to say, but only said, “Negative. Continuing toward...” He paused and looked at the piece of paper with a map of the area before continuing, “Sectors 14 and 15. Have there been any reports of 'trailer trash' by any other units?” He asked while thinking the code word for the infected was not exactly politically correct.
“Negative. Keep safe. Over and out,” the dispatcher's voice responded.
Bo replaced the microphone and wondered if it was the same cute girl he'd seen that morning at head quarters. She's too young for me. Besides you saw how that kid's mom was looking at you earlier,. he thought to himself and sighed. What was her name again? Cheryl? Yeah, she was alright. It would be a funny story to tell the kids someday if things worked out.
“How did we meet? Well, once upon a time there was this remote trailer park full of crazy infected people running around trying to kill and eat everyone...”
A coyote howling at the moon slowly rising from the horizon snapped him out of his thoughts. He patted the horse on the neck and led it through a maze of rocks and sand toward the hills.

While walking, he thought about the unaccounted people who had been in the trailer park. The exact number of illegal immigrants who had lived down there was unknown, but seventy bodies had been tossed on the bonfire that had been built in the old laundry building. In addition to them, there were also the three unaccounted for members of the ICE, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, team: Agents Puckett, Hadden, and Dudley.
Bo climbed up on top of a hill and adjusted his night vision goggles. The wide expanse of sand stretching back the way he'd come from was cast in an odd grainy greenish gray hue. A few small stationary and moving objects were obviously some kinds of animals. He was fairly certain the fast moving blob of glowing light was one of the desert jack rabbits.
Bo then slowly turned and looked around in every other direction. The hills and valleys blocked most of those views and he wondered if a undead person would even show up on the night vision goggles anyway. The thermographic device made warm or hot objects glow a different color. But if the missing ICE agents or illegals aren't alive what was the point in using the dumb thing, he wondered before climbing back down to the horse.
“John Wayne I ain't,” he said swinging up into the saddle. His sore butt agreed, he was most certainly not the Duke.

They headed for the narrow path that winded into the canyons and Bo made certain the rifle was still snugly inside it's scabbard hanging from the saddle then checked that his pistol was in its holster. Lastly, he double checked the pump shotgun hanging from a strap over his shoulder.
When he heard soft fast moving sounds coming from ahead and to the right he shined the flashlight in that direction. A large jackrabbit stopped running, stood up on its hind legs and became as still as the stones scattered around it. Its eyes reflected part of the flashlights beam until Bo shut it off and rode on. Not very much later the distant sounds of wolves howling caught his attention and he realized he’d been softly humming an old song by a rock group called America. He nodded and hummed a little louder as part of the lyrics reached up from the back of his mind. There was something about a guy riding on a horse with no name in the desert that made him smile more as he rode on.

Time passed and his thoughts eventually turned back to his partner who had become infected earlier. Poor Willie, yeah, he was a lazy fat incompetent excuse for a human being, let alone a deputy, but he didn't deserve to die that way. Let alone come back as a fucking zombie that I had to kill. No one deserves that.
The sound of the horse's shoes echoed off the canyon walls and Bo shined his flashlight warily in every direction as they continued on.

*****

The fumes coming from the ruptured radiator drifted through the upside down SUV. Both children were coughing and terrified but otherwise uninjured. The vehicle’s interior was almost pitch black except for some light from the one headlight that hadn't been smashed. A small amount of red flashing light coming from the dashboard showed the silhouette of their father who was limply hanging upside down. He was held securely in place by the seat belt straps.
The older child, Megan, switched on the DVD player. The small screen secured to the driver's seat flashed for a moment then a cartoon featuring a yellow sponge that could talk and typically got in all manner of trouble began playing. Megan turned down the volume so it wasn't blaring and by the light coming from the screen tried to unsnap her seat belt. Her little brother was still crying and whining. It was a very irritating sound. She was torn between wanting to comfort him and at the same time wanting to say “Shut up.”
The capering sponge on the small DVD screen made neither option necessary as Edwin quieted down and watched as it chased a pink starfish. He was still sniffling but seemed slightly mollified.

Megan tried to unlatch her seat belt but it seemed to be jammed. She felt dizzy from hanging upside down in her booster seat for so long. There were barking and yipping noises coming from somewhere outside the car and she hoped that it meant someone was walking their dog. She peered through the broken side window, but it was too dark to see much beyond.
There was a moaning sound coming from the rear storage compartment. Both children turned and saw their mother's body sprawled out amongst the suitcases.
“Momma, are you okay?” Edwin asked in scared trembling voice.
Megan tried using one hand to push against the upside down floor while pressing the seat belt lock. It clicked and she suddenly found herself falling to the SUV's ceiling which was now serving as the floor. She hadn't prepared herself for the fall and hit face first. A crackling sound was accompanied with a flash of intense pain as her nose was shattered.
She cried out and managed to get in a crawling position as droplets of blood started spilling out. The crimson stains dribbled out over all the cups, paper, and assorted trash that had fallen to the ceiling when the SUV landed on its roof.
Edwin laughed at his big sister until he saw her nose was bent at an odd angle and leaking blood. He then asked, “Meggy, are you okay?”
Wiping her crying eyes, she spoke up with a nasal stuffiness. “No, you twit, I'm not okay. I think my nose is broken.”
“What happened? Is daddy okay? Is momma alright?” Edwin asked the questions in a rapid fire way that only seemed to make Megan's nose hurt even more.
“Just keep quiet. I think we had a car wreck. I'm gonna see if mom's okay,” Megan said as she shoved a piece of a napkin gingerly up into her bleeding nostrils. She felt blood leaking down the back of her throat and was afraid she'd throw up if she thought about it too much. It was a lot darker in the rear of the SUV and she had to find her way more by touch than sight.
Booger head. All I did was ask if mom and dad are okay and she calls me a twit. Gosh, it feels weird being upside down for so long; sort of like hanging from the jungle gym at school. Oooh, doggies! Edwin thought and tapped at the cracked glass of his window to get the wolves attention. He was tempted to mention the dogs to his big sister, but just then he was mad at her for calling him a twit.

The leader of the pack smelled blood and heard a tapping sound. It looked for the source and saw a delicious looking little boy inside the vehicle. Approaching cautiously, it inhaled deeply and pawed at the window. The wolf was almost four feet tall and immensely strong. Its claws made screeching noises and left scratches of the glass.
The other members of the pack circled the vehicle and yipped in excitement as they too detected the intoxicating fresh scent of blood.

Megan heard the wolf scratching at the window, but assumed the sound was her twit of a brother that was causing it. She found her mother's face and it felt wet and strange in the darkness. “Mom, can you hear me?”
Janet was drifting on an inflatable pool float and feeling woozy, as if she'd had too many Tom Collins drinks. She heard her daughter calling to her from the edge of the pool and just wanted her to go away. Perhaps go and pester her father for awhile.
It wasn't until Megan touched a long deep cut on her face that her mother realized she'd been dreaming. The intense and jarring pain forced a scream out of her as she awoke.
Her scream caused both children to follow suit and the wolves backed several feet away briefly before once more continuing their explorations of the SUV.

The right side of her face had been sliced open so deeply that Janet could actually feel the torn open gash on the inside of her mouth with her tongue. She tried to roll over and discovered her right arm seemed to be broken between the elbow and wrist. This discovery elicited another scream even louder than the first as waves of intense pain wracked her body.
Edwin was crying and wanted to wake up from whatever kind of nightmare he was having. It definitely wasn't one of his more typical bad dreams. Those usually involved the old scary clown doll his grandmother had give to him for Christmas a few years earlier. Never before had he dreamed of being trapped upside down in a car seat while big dogs scratched at the windows and his mother screamed in the darkness. He suddenly and fervently found himself wishing for another clown doll bad dream. The dog scratching at the window caused pieces of glass to tumble out and Edwin looked at him, thinking, Good doggy. You must be one of those police dogs that I see on TV sometimes, that come to help people in trouble. Hurry up and save me!

*****

The coyote could smell and hear wolves to its left, coming from much further down the narrow canyon. Not wanting anything to do with wolves it started to go to its right before a smell of men, disease, and death came to its nostrils on the cool evening breeze. The hunger it had felt seemed to vanish as it backed into the narrow slit of rocks it had been napping in throughout most of the day. It could hear unsteady footsteps approaching from the right. The skinny coyote remained as still as the stones that surrounded it as the footsteps came closer.
Another wolf howl echoed off the canyon walls and the coyote decided his choice of a neighborhood left much to be desired. It heard the footsteps stop just outside of the narrow gap of rocks it had been sleeping in. There was a grunting nonsensical sound coming from the shadowy figure. The coyote stared up at the man as he swayed unsteadily. The letters ICE on the man's chest meant nothing to the animal, but it smelled blood and crept stealthily forward as its stomach rumbled.

A coyote will rarely attack people, unless their prey is either a small child or a wounded solitary person. The man outside the coyote's lair seemed to be alone and was most definitely badly injured. It crept another few feet out, stopped, looked toward the right, and then growled as it caught a whiff of something bad on the breeze. The disease and death smell was much stronger.
Deciding it wasn't as hungry as it had originally thought, the coyote retreated once more to the narrow gap in the stones.
Along with the wolf howls there was the sound of screams coming from the left. The coyote saw the figure outside begin lurching forward once more. It waited until the footsteps were gone and started back out. What would I have done with a whole man anyway? The coyote wondered in an abstract way. There are many things that would be easier to kill and probably better tasting than a man, maybe a nice rabbit or some mice.
The coyote turned to the right yet again and went several feet before hearing yet more footsteps and a heavy rasping growl as well. The stench of disease and death grew overwhelming. The coyote's eyes opened wide before it turned and dove into the narrow gap once more, only this time it kept going and followed the twists as turns in the rocks without looking back.

*****

Bo yawned as he listened to cross talk coming over the portable radio set. He shook his head in disbelief as one of the officers cruising in a patrol car called in to ask when they'd be calling off the search. Lazy bastard isn't even riding on top of a horse that smells like shit, and farts every hundred feet. He's got a nice comfy cruiser to ride around in and yet he still bitches, Bo thought and listened as a familiar voice came over the radio.
“This is Sheriff Guiteriz. All units are to continue searching their designated sectors until further notice. However, I'm a reasonable man, if anyone wants to be reassigned go ahead and answer back. I can think of few places to send you. The sewage sanitation plant has been needing a surveillance officer, to catch anyone taking home samples. So, sing out, who among you would like a new assignment?”
Bo chuckled until he noticed the horse had grown skittish and stiff. He wasn't an expert on horses by any means but could tell something wasn't right. He shined his flashlight around the dirt and sandy ground until he saw something interesting. After climbing off the horse he held tightly to the reins and went cautiously forward.

Footprints, actually two sets of footprints, were heading north toward the more rugged hill and canyon country. He paused and consulted the map and compass before realizing the tracks appeared to have come from the trailer park. Keying his microphone, Bo whispered, “Come in HQ. This is Autry. I'm at grid C-8 in sector 15. I've found two sets of prints heading away from Keckville. One set looks like the subject is wearing boots. The second set are bare feet. Tracks look very fresh. Request instructions.”
There followed such a long pause from the radio that he feared the microphone or transmitter was busted before Guiteriz's voice came back. “Stay put. I'm sending backup. A helicopter is en route. ETA is ten minutes. Do not pursue under any circumstances until help arrives. Is that understood?”
Bo sighed in relief and acknowledged the order. He had no desire to play hero. The things he saw in the trailer park were all the horrors he could stand for one day. He climbed back into the saddle and shined the flashlight beam at the footprints. The horse had apparently become less skittish and uneasy because it began walking in the general direction the prints went.
Bo saw they seemed to be heading for a narrow gap located between couple of good size hills. The moon had risen and from its light he could tell there was no one hiding in the sparse scrub brush between himself and the valley. He slid the rifle from its scabbard and double checked that it was ready to fire before guiding the horse cautiously forward. About a hundred feet from the shadow filled canyon he heard wolves howling from somewhere ahead. The footsteps obviously headed for the gap and he reined the horse to a stop. If it's a box canyon they can't get out, he realized and glanced at his watch. All I have to do is sit tight and wait maybe another eight more minutes for the cavalry. Besides, orders are orders.

A car horn began honking from somewhere in the darkness ahead and several seconds later a pair of young wolves came running out of the canyon gap. They appeared scared. Neither of them seemed to notice Bo and they kept sprinting away even after the car horn fell silent.
The deputy quickly looked in bafflement at the map again and tried to imagine how a car could be anywhere ahead. As he stared at the paper, the horse tilted its head while neighing softly and Bo listened more intently as well. The howls had changed. They sounded more like a girl screaming, or perhaps more than one.
“Giddy-up,” he whispered to the horse and headed for the dark rift between the boulders and hillsides. From one of the saddle bags he quickly pulled out two road flares and got them lit before tossing them on either side of the entrance to the narrow canyon. He looked up at the night sky hoping to see the lights from an approaching helicopter. There weren't any yet. Glancing at his watch he realized backup was still at least six minutes away.
Another shriek made him start forward into the gap at a gallop. It was one word echoing off the canyon walls and it tore at his heart; “DADDY!”

*****

Inside the SUV things were going from bad to nightmarish when the alpha wolf finally broke open the passenger window enough that it could shove its head inside. Edwin reached out and patted the wolf on top of its head and managed to say, “Good doggy,” just before it snapped at his small hand and wrist.
Megan's head ached from the ear splitting shrieks coming from her little brother. She started working her way back to the front thinking, I don't know what the twit's problem is, but I'm gonna make him scream for real!
The giant gray wolf's mouth was dribbling blood as it gnawed at Edwin's wrist. The little boy was screaming and thrashing violently around in his upside down car seat.
Megan had seen enough animated movies featuring wolves to realize that's what was in the process of eating her twit of a brother. She looked on the ceiling of the SUV (which was now serving as the floor) for something to use as a weapon. There were soda bottles, a box of spilled animal crackers, some markers, a coloring book, and a small white plastic eating utensil. She grabbed the last item and stabbed the spork (half spoon/half fork) into the wolf's snout. The first stab seemed to have little effect and she yelled at the beast while continuing to jab it over and over.

The wolf was more angry than hurt by the first poke, but as the girl started hitting him repeatedly the pain quickly became too much. It pulled back its head while keeping Edwin's wrist clenched in his jaws.
The little boy saw his skin being peeled back like a glove being removed and howled in agony. Edwin's other hand still held the plastic soda bottle. Most of its contents had spilled out as the SUV rolled down the hillside, but he splashed the wolf with the rest. The fizzy drink got into one of the wolf's eyes and nostrils. It was at that point it released him and backed completely out of the car.
It sneezed violently. Its vision was blurred and the pain from the multitude of tiny stab wounds on its snout only made it more angry. It shook its head and whined angrily, but then heard the two pups howling in pain from the other side of the SUV. It wasn't sure where its mate had gone to but hurried toward the cries of their offspring.

The man in the ICE uniform had been wandering in a semi conscious state for the last few hours. His name was Keith Dudley and he'd been a part of the raid at Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park earlier that day. It was supposed to be a typical thing; round up the illegals and ship them back to their home countries, but there had been some rather horrific unexpected problems. Namely, a trailer park inhabited by insane homicidal people and an even greater number of undead.
He wasn't sure how he got shot but knew for certain it had happened at some point during the raid. An odd collection of rapid nonsensical images had been running through his mind since he'd left the park. Fellow agent Crawford's smiling face was the one image that he tried to hang onto as he stumbled into the high desert beyond the trailer park.

When Dudley first decided to leave he'd been somewhat less confused. He awoke in the dust and dirt as a big septic tank draining truck roared past. Turning his head with great difficulty he saw dozens of infected homicidal people chasing after it. He waited until they had gone by before shakily getting to his feet. Staggering toward a burning house (that had belonged to the trailer park's owner) he had a vague idea of hiding there until more police arrived.
It had been farther than it seemed and by the time he reached it his mind was spinning in confused circles as he stared back across the trailer park. He'd paused to rest in the backyard of the house and drank from a bird bath. The water tasted foul but was so thirsty he didn't care.
He even briefly eyed the comfortable looking patio furniture contemplatively until there was a grunting noise.

Two men had apparently caught his scent and tracked him.
The closest figure looked like something from a freak side show. Dudley had thought of a carnival barker shouting, “Step right up and see the gutless wonder!” The man's entire midsection appeared to have been torn or ripped out and yet he still continued toward him with a single mindedness and a terrible leering expression on his dark gaunt face. A cloud of flies surrounded him but the insects seemed to have no problem keeping up as the obviously undead thing moved faster than the second man but not by much.
The second one was more broadly built and seemed genuinely pissed off at the ICE agent.
Dudley stared at the angry looking man that was wearing a dirty Corona beer T-shirt and jeans and tried to imagine how he could have pissed off a man he didn't even remember seeing before. He reached for his gun and was bewildered by its absence. (It was still laying in the dust where he'd been shot)
The Corona fan grabbed Dudley's arm and yanked him closer as the agent disjointedly tried to remember what had happened to his gun. When the strange man tried to bite him and wrapped him in a bear hug Dudley had instant recall.
His squad of fellow agents had all been decimated, infected, and or killed by the residents of the trailer park. He kicked the big man in the knee, grabbed his stun gun hanging on a retractable cord on his belt and pressed the metal probes against the big man's neck. There was a brief crackling sound that accompanied the big man shuddering and collapsing. When he fell his body knocked over the stone bird bath.

Unfortunately, the gutless wonder hadn't been satisfied just to watch. He leaped onto Dudley's back and gnawed on his tactical bullet proof armor.
Keith swung around but couldn't get the skinny man off. Had he been thinking rationally the agent might have realized it would take 'gutless' a hundred years to chew through his body armor and tried harder to dislodge him. But he'd already had a long bad day and limped toward the hills giving the undead man a piggy back ride.
By the time he reached a stone hillside 'gutless' had begun running his fingers up toward Dudley's neck and helmet. The agent slammed the undead man against the rocks until the hands finally released him.
As Dudley caught his breath he heard a not too distant fairly loud explosion coming from somewhere in the trailer park. The agent decided he'd be better off heading away from the sounds of explosions and undead things before continuing to stagger down the narrow path that led toward the hills.

Gutless' spine had been snapped in the repeated smashing against the stone hillside, but his head still worked relatively well. His glazed over eyes watched as Dudley staggered away. 
A few minutes later the eyes turned the other way and saw the man in the Corona shirt coming down the path sniffing at the ground. When he reached 'gutless', the man kicked his head out of the way and continued following Dudley into the wilds of New Mexico.


After Dudley heard the children screaming his head cleared enough for him to realize whatever was happening he had to do something. He did an odd staggering trot until spotting the SUV's headlights illuminating a patch of barrel cactus plants and two fairly small wolves trying to squirm inside through the partially open driver side window. The screams were obviously coming from inside the car and the agent slid the canister of pepper spray from his belt and clicked off the safety switch.
He sprayed both pups and the effects were instantaneous. Both young wolves howled in pain and ran off, while the man inside the car began thrashing around and yelling in a choked and blinded fury.

Henry regained consciousness to the sound of his children screaming, He hadn't even noticed the wolves as he struggled to release the seat belt, but when the pepper spray hit the pups a fairly large amount hit him as well. Coughing, blinded, disoriented, and having suffered a blow to the head after the airbag deflated while the car was still rolling and flipping down the hundred foot hillside, he pitched what his wife would sometimes call “A shit fit.”
He savagely beat at the steering wheel and the horn sounded as he hollered and swore every curse word he could think of. This went on for several seconds before he recovered enough to finally find a way to unsnap the seat belt. He was still unsuccessfully attempting to wipe the pepper spray out of his eyes while turning to the back of the SUV. With his vision badly blurred he prayed the bright red splashes on his young son wasn't blood.
There were growls, howls and loud yells of profanity coming from outside, but Henry's only concern was getting into the back of the SUV to help his family. He made it most of the way into the backseat when there was the sound of breaking glass a moment before something grabbed a hold of his leg through the driver side window and yanked him backward.
Edwin and Megan both screamed, “DADDY!” partly because from the light coming from the DVD player his red teary eyes (caused by the pepper spray) scared them almost as badly as his body being abruptly yanked back into the darkness.

Dudley was about to ask the driver if he was okay a moment before a huge wolf nimbly bounded around the SUV and didn't pause even momentarily before leaping on the agent. Weight-wise Dudley had a few pounds advantage, but the wolf was quicker, angrier, and much more ready for a fight. It knocked the agent down and sunk its sharp teeth into the agent's arm that had been holding the pepper spray canister.
Damn it! I survived all the shit from zombies just to be killed and eaten by a damn wolf! He thought angrily while feebly hitting at the wolf's head with his free hand. By the light coming from one of the headlights he spotted another almost equally large wolf coming toward him and Dudley closed his eyes thinking, No more! I don't want to witness my own death.

The she wolf was leaping to join her mate when the crazed man wearing the filthy Corona beer shirt grabbed her in mid leap. He threw her toward the patch of cactus plants as if she weighed almost nothing before dropping down to seize one of Dudley's legs.
The alpha wolf growled and pulled the agent's arm that was clenched tightly in its jaws.
It was a very unusual form of tug of war. 
Dudley opened his eyes, saw the man in the beer shirt and reached out for anything to hold onto with his free hand. He smashed the partly broken driver side window and grabbed onto Henry's foot without realizing what it was.
The wolf released the agent and leaped over him at the crazy man as he was bent down over Dudley's calf and they rolled together in a heap of biting and growling fury.


Deputy Bo Autry arrived near the scene at just that moment. He saw a big man rolling across the ground gnawing a huge wolf's ear while apparently trying to strangle the extremely agitated animal. The wolf was growling while biting and clawing back at him.
One of the unbroken headlights of the overturned SUV spotlighted a fairly large patch of Barrel Cactus plants and as Bo watched, the man and wolf rolled toward them. But a chorus of terrified yells coming from inside the car drew his attention away from the savage bloody fight. A man dressed in an ICE uniform was crawling inside the SUV.

Bo heard the sheriff’s voice sounding equally mad and worried coming over the radio, and somewhere behind him there were the sounds of an approaching helicopter. “Autry! Where are you? We’ve spotted the flares. Where are you? Answer me, damn it!”
The deputy knew he was already violating orders by not waiting for back up, but couldn’t stand by in the face of the screams coming from inside the car. Unfortunately, Bo had very limited experience with horses or he would have known the one he was riding was already badly spooked. Most of his experience on horseback was limited to the occasional patrol in the parks of Albuquerque or in even more rare instances when they needed someone to ride in parades while wearing his uncomfortable but impressive looking dress uniform.
The overpowering scents of blood, disease, and the close proximity of wolves already had the horse prepared to bolt.
The overturned car was close to a hundred feet away and he felt riding over would be faster than climbing down and running over. Bo dug his boot heels into the horse and loudly said, “Hyah!”
The horse was not inclined to go any closer and instead danced nervously to the side and back a few paces.
Thinking the horse was more confused than scared, Bo kicked it harder in the sides shouting even louder, “Giddy-up!”

This resulted in the horse starting to wildly buck and whinny loudly.
Bo grabbed onto the saddle horn and squeezed the horse’s sides hard with both legs. The thought of rodeo cowboys trying to stay atop a bucking bronco filled his mind as the horse attempted to throw him off. They were moving closer toward the fight and wrecked SUV, but halfway there Bo lost his grip on the rifle and dropped the reins before clutching tightly the saddle horn with both hands.
Less than twenty feet from the SUV a helicopter appeared overhead. The sudden powerful rush of wind and spotlight from the aircraft only made the horse even more frightened. It galloped toward the left, hit the side of the narrow canyon, which caused it to rear up on its hind legs.
Bo flew backward and landed in the midst of the barrel cactus plants. He screamed as hundreds of very sharp needles pierced his back, butt, and legs.


Aboard the helicopter Sheriff Guiteriz was leaning out through one of the open side doors and holding a rifle. “Keep this damn thing steady!” He yelled to the pilot while aiming down at the scene of confusion. Less than a hundred feet below Bo appeared to be in a world of hurt as a big wolf and another man were rolling through the cactus plants in the midst of a savage bloody battle.
Bo pulled his sidearm and aimed unsteadily at the wolf and man, but he was uncertain if the man was infected, undead, or possibly neither. Shooting the wolf might be a bad idea, especially if the man was infected and homicidally insane.

The helicopter suddenly jigged to the left and the pilot pulled up as a second chopper arrived on the scene.
Guiteriz angrily looked up and saw the new arrival had giant letters CDC painted on its side and the chopper was dropping down lower. This caused quite a bit of turbulence and the sheriff’s pilot swore as their helicopter was tossed around.
The pilot shouted through the headset intercom, “The CDC says we have to leave! We’re inside the quarantine zone! What should I do!?”
Guiteriz saw two men wearing National Guard hazardous material suits in the open doorway of the other chopper; and they both held what looked like machine guns. They were aiming down at the chaotic scene. The sheriff was about to say “Pull back” until the men began firing at everyone below. When flashes appeared on the metal undercarriage of the SUV wherever the bullets struck he got mad. “Fly us down lower. Get between that car and those trigger happy dip shits!” He shouted and leaned forward to flip the radio microphone to his helmet.
“This is Sheriff Guiteriz! Cease fire! One of my deputies is down there as well as possible civilians! And we’re not in any fucking quarantine zone, you assholes!”


Inside the SUV all was pandemonium.
The two kids screams were drowned out by the rotors of both helicopters above as their red watery eyed father (who'd lost his eye glasses during the wreck) kicked back at Agent Dudley as he scurried inside the SUV.
Dudley had no desire to put up a fight with the man inside and retreated to the front passenger side of the vehicle and in doing so brushed against the GPS navigation system. A pleasant sounding woman's cheerful voice could barely be heard over all the other noise saying, “You are not on, nor near any road. Please turn around at your earliest convenience.”

Henry ripped off his shirt and wrapped it around Edwin's heavily bleeding wrist to try and staunch the flow. He kept glancing warily back at the front of the vehicle but the stranger appeared content to stay there. The sound of music reached his ears and he turned to see the colorful opening graphics for a cartoon running on the upside down DVD screen. He'd always hated the goofy show about the yellow sponge and his undersea friends, but as he saw both his children staring at the screen and their looks of terror somewhat temporarily distracted the program seemed, for the first time, not so bad.
After unbuckling his son's seat belt, he pulled him to the back storage compartment of the SUV where he saw his bloody faced wife sitting up and crying. When all four of them were back there his wife slapped him. It was a powerful blow for someone in such a seriously injured condition to deliver.
Despite the noises from the helicopters above, the capering yellow sponge on the television screen, snarls, growls, yells, and both whimpering children he could easily make out what his wife yelled after slapping him. “You asshole! This kind of shit never happens at Six Flags!”
Loud metallic thuds echoed inside the SUV as the bullets rained down.

Bo saw the wolf wrestler wearing the beer shirt had countless lacerations all over his body and was most likely the barefooted man he'd been tracking for the last twenty minutes. He lifted his gun and was trying to decide which to shoot when the gunfire erupted from above. As the bullets pinged off the SUV as well as around him, he felt tempted to shoot back at whoever it was that was firing.
But instead he crawled as fast as he could toward an overhanging rock sticking out of the canyon wall. Every little movement hurt like hell as the cactus needles wiggled in his skin. He'd almost reached the overhang when a bullet hit him in his upper right thigh.
“SHIT!” He bellowed into the dark space beneath the rock.
A low growl answered him as the she wolf came forward from her hiding spot.
Bo stared at the wolf's eyes that were shining and reflecting the light coming from outside.
Shit, shit, shit! was the only thing Bo could think as the glittering eyes came closer.

“Is there room to land this thing down there?” Sheriff Guiteriz asked the pilot.
The pilot expanded the spot light mounted below the helicopter from narrow to wide and looked doubtfully at the rocky ground below. From his perspective, eighty feet up, it was impossible to judge how tall some of the rocks were below. There was plenty of room to land but if the spinning blades struck something the odds of surviving the resulting crash were not good.
“Can we do it!?” The sheriff demanded as yet another CDC helicopter appeared in the distance and was heading their way.
“Maybe, but-”
The sheriff cut the pilot's answer off by shouting, “Maybe is good enough! Land this damn thing now!”
As the chopper slowly descended Guiteriz got on the radio again, “Come in Lopez, what's your ETA? We need you here right now. Some National Guard troops and CDC jerk offs are trying to make Swiss cheese out of a wrecked SUV, Autry, and God knows who else!”
A few seconds later Captain Lopez's voice answered, “We can see the choppers a few hundred feet ahead. ETA less than a minute. What are you doing?”
“I'm being the sheriff and doing my job,” Guiteriz answered before slipping off the flight helmet and grabbing his Remington rifle and hat. He saw they were less than ten feet from the ground and could see outcroppings of rocks very near the spinning rotor blades. “This is low enough, I can jump from here,” he said to the pilot before leaping through the helicopter's open side door.

While dropping toward the dusty canyon floor he suddenly remembered being a boy on Saturday mornings watching reruns of a program called The Rifleman. He always imagined himself as a grown up someday facing down outlaws and desperadoes to save the innocent and uphold the law. In spite of everything that had happened at the trailer park, or perhaps because of it, the sheriff had secretly spent the last several hours wishing he could have been there earlier to kick ass and try to save some of those who had died. The deaths of Captain Wyatt and Deputy Holmes as a result of going into the trailer park, under his orders, made the desire to do something even stronger.
Chuck Connors, the actor who portrayed Lucas McCain aka The Rifleman hadn't been a sheriff on the television series, but he'd still left an indelible mark of what it meant to be a hero on Guiteriz as a boy. (Plus, as an added bonus the series was set in New Mexico)
And no matter what happened in the next few minutes he wouldn't trade this rare opportunity to do something genuinely heroic for any of his seemingly endless typically boring days spent reading over and signing various reports, listening to trivial officer squabbles, shuffling tons of paperwork from both the state and federal authorities, and the 'ever thrilling' meetings with bureaucrats and politicians who always were looking for ways to slash his department's budget.
As his boots hit the dusty ground the chopper quickly rose up. While running toward the wrecked car the sheriff had a difficult time not grinning, just as he had as a boy watching The Rifleman save the day.


“What does that shit kicking cowboy think he's doing down there?” Dr. Peters demanded to know from his seat aboard one of the CDC helicopters.
No one aboard dared to venture a guess, although one of the National Guardsmen did say, “That's Sheriff Guiteriz. And he was right when he radioed back a while ago saying they were outside the quarantine zone. We're almost two miles beyond it.”
“Shut up. We need to contain this viral outbreak. We don't need some cowboy playing the role of hero. And who told you to stop firing?” Peters asked.
A quiet, reserved, yet commanding voice came over the radio, “This is National Guard General Tommy Fulton and until further notice no one is to fire. Peters you need to get a grip. I've been observing via the helicopter mounted cameras and for now I want both choppers to pull back and monitor the situation. If Guiteriz thinks he can get things under control he deserves a chance to do it.”


At the beginning of every episode The Rifleman would very quickly fire off approximately a dozen shots from the hip as he walked down the center of a western town. Guiteriz fought down the temptation to do the same, but did cock the Remington rifle as he went toward the overturned SUV.
The scene was as well lit as any episode of The Rifleman he'd ever watched. Spotlights from the three hovering helicopters, coupled with two more hand held spots from above where Lopez and other deputies had arrived at the spot where the SUV fell off the narrow road combined to illuminate the stretch of canyon almost as much as high noon.
The big wolf was so blood splattered that most of its dirty gray fur was crimson.
The sheriff aimed at the wolf but before he could fire there was a faint crackling sound as the man who'd been wrestling it got the beast in a bear hug and squeezed. The wolf's spine had been snapped. The hind legs ceased moving but it raised its crimson tinted head and howled.
“You there! Stand up with your hands in the air!” Guiteriz yelled over at the big man who pushed aside the wolf's body.
The choppers had pulled back up high enough that the sheriff could hear a faint clicking sound as Lopez and the other officers up on the road cocked their rifles as well.
Most of the shirt had been torn off and long claw marks had glistening blood on the man's heaving chest. He stood up and had hundreds of cactus needles visible on his skin from head to toe. The man squinted up at the spot lights before noticing the sheriff standing near the SUV. He bellowed and sprinted toward him.
The canyon exploded in a deafening fusillade of gunshots that came from nearly every direction simultaneously. The bullets tore the man to shreds of tattered meat within seconds, but it wasn't until the grimly smiling sheriff shot him in the head that he finally stopped running.
Rumbling echoes of the gunfire bounced off the stones of the canyon for several seconds after the man fell to the ground. It wasn't until the last echoes were dying that the sheriff heard an insane howling and terrified yells coming from inside the wrecked vehicle.


When Guiteriz yelled for the man in the cactus patch to stand up, Henry could see through one the SUV's windows the sheriff's badge pinned to his chest reflecting the spotlights and realized that his family’s nightmarish southwestern road trip was finally at an end. Unfortunately, he'd been watching the action outside so intently that he failed to notice the strange man in the front of the SUV violently shuddering.
The sole survivor of the failed immigration raid at Albuquerque Springs Trailer Park had been infected when the man facing the sheriff had earlier grabbed onto his leg and taken a bite out of his already shot and bloody calf. It was during that precise moment that he recalled how fellow Agent Shoemaker had shot him when he'd been running earlier that day.

As he curled up in a fetal position inside the SUV and felt his sanity rapidly draining away his last coherent thoughts were of Shoemaker and how much he wanted to kill the son of a bitch.
The roar of gunfire outside the SUV when nearly every law enforcement official around the remote canyon joined the sheriff in putting down the infected wolf wrestler brought Dudley out of his stunned state of mind. The children screaming as a result of the gunfire outside drew his attention. Dudley followed the sound and the stabbing pains in his fevered and violently insane mind lessened slightly when he spotted the family huddled together only a few feet away. His eyes swam in and out of focus as blood filled the white parts, but he moved toward them nonetheless.

Edwin was in his father's lap, with his dad's comforting loving arms holding him tight. But when the six year old boy got his first glimpse of the infected ICE agent staring back between the front seats he finally lost his heroic battle to control his bowels. He'd managed to hold it in ever since before the wreck. Even when he'd been mauled by the wolf, somehow, the boy had retained control, but the red eyed man drooling and snuffling the air as their eyes met caused a eruption of indescribable foulness. Edwin's body shuddered in more fear than ever before in his brief life.
Megan caught a whiff and shouted, “You twit! How could you do-” A very nearby growling sound stopped her from completing her question. She saw the man with impossibly red eyes quickly coming toward her family and flung Mr. Cuddles at him while screaming and looking for something else to throw.

Mr. Cuddles was her favorite childhood plush stuffed animal. It was a fairly large fluffy pink  rabbit that had accompanied her to bed since she'd been a baby and always kept her safe while she slept. The beloved stuffed animal may have kept countless nightmares at bay over the years, but the grinning rabbit only momentarily distracted the insane man when it whacked him in the face. He quickly tossed the beloved toy through one of the shattered windows and continued toward the bewildered yet understandably terrified family, all of whom were now screaming for help at this point.
Henry pushed his reeking son behind him and reached for one of the suitcases. He slammed the biggest piece of luggage forward and used it as a shield. The large Samsonite case belonged to his wife and as he defended his family from the madman with it he couldn’t help envisioning a  commercial for it. In the ad, what was happening to him and his family was reenacted as a spokesman calmly said, “Traveling has all manner of dangers. Isn’t it nice to know Samsonite is there when you need it?”

His wife screamed, “What’s going on!?” while the children issued forth only a string of loud nonsensical but heartfelt shrieks.
Henry felt a searching hand scrabbling over one of his boots as the terrifying stranger howled and tried to pull the luggage from his grip. He lifted his boot slightly and when the questing fingers wrapped around it, stomped down on them. There was a crunching of bones that was drowned out by a howl of pain and fury that seemed to go on for an eternity.


Bo was prepared to shoot the wolf as it approached him under the rock overhang with its teeth bared and growled at him, but when the gunfire erupted behind him she yelped in terror, turned and crawled deeper into the narrow space. The deputy scooted back outside and was blinded by the number of spotlights shining down. He noted the blood pumping from the bullet hole in his leg in rhythm to his heartbeat.
The deputy spotted the big crazy man lying motionless a few yards away in the cactus patch. He watched it warily as he yanked a handkerchief out of his pocket and tied a quick tourniquet around his wounded leg. There were distant cheers coming from the officers on top of a hillside and everything seemed to be over until the sheriff quickly turned back to the SUV, squatted down, and shined a flashlight inside.
Under the sound of cheers, even under the engines noises of the helicopter and the whupping of the blades turning overhead, Bo heard a savage howling coming from inside the vehicle coupled with a chorus of terrified screams. He’d thought it was over. He’d hoped it was over, but as he struggled to stand and hobble toward his sheriff he knew it wasn’t.
The painful poking cactus needles prodding his skin and the bullet wound combined to make him feel nauseated and weak, but ignoring the sensations he hurried to the car and his boss.

Sheriff Guiteriz shined his flashlight in the front of the overturned car. It was empty. Scooting back to the midsection of the vehicle he saw a pink long eared rabbit fly out of a smashed window. It landed a few feet past his boots and he shined the light inside once more.
A man dressed in tactical body armor with a horrible bloody leg wound that looked as if he’d been hit with a shotgun blast was yanking on a large purple colored suitcase with one hand, while reaching under it with another. There was an overpowering stench of shit inside, but the sheriff ignored it as his eyes began to water. He heard children crying and a woman’s agonized voice coming from the back screaming “What’s going on!?”
Guiteriz was still holding the Remington Rifle but had yet to reload it. He tossed it down and drew his sidearm but was faced with a problem. The man inside the car was wearing body armor over his torso and had a helmet covering most of his head. A bullet at such close range should be able to pierce the helmet but if it didn’t it could easily ricochet, possibly into the rear of the vehicle where the screaming people were located.
His gun wavered before he aimed at the man’s bloody leg wound and fired.
When the bullet blasted Dudley’s lower leg to shreds he howled again while turning toward the sheriff.
“That’s right! I shot you! Now come and get me!” Guiteriz yelled at the red eyed man who glared at him.
The sheriff was still squatting down to keep the crazy man in view as he inched backward.
Dudley whimpered and seemed undecided whether to follow or continue trying to get at the family just beyond the ripped and badly shredded piece of luggage. The whimpering children sounded much more appealing and for several seconds he only looked back and forth between the back of the SUV and the sheriff.
With his gun still aimed at the unpredictable man, the sheriff took on a sweet tone of voice and said, “Come on out of there. You want someone to eat. I’m right here. Come and get me.”

The sheriff backed away from the overturned car as the ICE agent snarled up at him. His blood filled eyes darted around as he crawled out through the shattered glass, dragging along what was left of one lower leg more by the strands of his torn uniform pants than by any connective bodily tissues that remained. Razor sharp shards of twisted metal from the SUV's torn jagged metal roof sliced the man's hands open but he didn't appear to notice. His eyes were still having trouble focusing but the glint from the spotlights bouncing off the sheriff's badge was like a hazy yet irresistible mystical beacon.
Over Guiteriz’ radio, Captain Lopez's voice could be heard. “Sheriff, we're up on the road above your position and there are three rifles trained on the subject. Do you want us to take the shots? Just nod and this will all be over.”
Guiteriz kept his head steady as he weighed the option. Oh God, I just want to go home and get so drunk that this day will be nothing but a blur. He's a murderous monster, but is that his fault? No, of course it isn’t. He's just sick and crazy. Damn, what would The Rifleman do in this situation? He bit his lip, staring intently at the crawling man trailing blood, madness, and disease behind him as he doggedly followed him from the wreck.

The sheriff reached a conclusion as he watched the pitiful looking man coming after him. It was a difficult one but he was sure it was the correct choice. Perhaps foolhardy and stupid but correct.
A few hours earlier, he had planned and caused the hideous death of Stephen Keck by kicking him in his pompous ass. The executive of Beaumont Biochemical Industries then fell into a well filled with undead monstrosities that had once been living men. Sheriff Guiteriz didn't regret having done it and doubted he'd ever lose any sleep over doing it, principally because Keck had been directly responsible for all the death and madness that had occurred.
But the very recent death of the mad man who'd been fighting with a wolf and then charged at him left the sheriff feeling less like a western hero than an executioner or perhaps even a cold blooded murderer. Over his career in law enforcement he’d faced countless situations where his actions weren’t exactly by the book, sometimes quite the opposite, when it came to dealing with the worst kinds of criminals.

While serving as a young deputy himself, many years earlier, he broke every finger and the nose of a drug dealer who he’d caught giving out samples to middle school students.
Almost a decade earlier he learned of a wealthy stockbroker who had been arrested for beating his severely retarded step-son so badly that the two  year boy named Carl suffered permanent brain damage. Despite the stockbroker’s wife’s sworn statement that her husband had done it, and the man’s own drunken confession to the crime, the wealthy child beater had a very respectable high priced lawyer and made bail. Guiteriz, Lopez, Wyatt, and a few other members of the Sheriff’s Department met secretly and agreed sometimes justice, TRUE JUSTICE, couldn’t be found in any courtroom. When they were done with the sorry excuse for a human being the world was shed of a monster that enjoyed beating small children within an inch of their lives, the taxpayers were off the hook for paying for his possible prison time, and the herd of hogs that belonged to a cousin of Captain Lopez feasted well.
But even the most justifiable executions sometimes result in unintended consequences. The boy’s mother eventually surrendered Carl to the New Mexico Bureau of Child Services for placement in the foster care system. A week later she was found dead from an apparent suicide.

But in spite of everything that had happened, including the death of the sheriff’s long time friend Captain Wyatt that afternoon at the trailer park, the idea of shooting the man crawling across the sand before him crossed the line. It was an invisible line which all law enforcement officers have to learn to deal with.
The sheriff decided if he could take the ICE agent into custody in hope that someone, somewhere, somehow, could find a cure for whatever had driven so many people murderously insane he would do so.


After holstering his sidearm, he kicked sand and dirt into the crawling man's face. As the infected man growled angrily and groped blindly toward him, the sheriff pulled his leather gloves more snugly over his hands and double checked that the set of handcuffs was still tucked into his belt.
Dodging the man's groping hands, he hurried around to his side and picked up a plush pink rabbit (which had long floppy ears) that was lying in the dust. He quickly pulled the ears in different directions to see how strong the material was. It seemed fairly tough and the sheriff swung the grinning bunny around Dudley's head and quickly tied it in place behind his helmet by its long pink ears.
As the deranged ICE agent bit into the soft pink fur of Mr. Cuddles, which smelled slightly of a flowery perfume that Megan had liberally sprayed on the beloved toy before taking him along on their road trip, Guiteriz seized one of the man’s wrists and slapped one end of the handcuffs in place.
He yanked that arm behind Dudley's back and was in the process of reaching for the agent's other hand when the man suddenly started to roll over. The sheriff was leaning down to grab the remaining wrist and found himself badly off balance and falling. I should have just shot the son of a bitch, he realized as the rocky ground seemed to rush up to meet his face.

Bo Autry's strength was almost gone by the time he reached the wrecked vehicle. He felt dizzy and sweat was dribbling down his pale face despite the cool evening breeze which was considerably supplemented by the strong winds being generated by the two remaining helicopters hovering above.
The second CDC helicopter had been sent on to continue the search for any other people who may have wandered out of the quarantine zone after the mad man in the cactus patch had been blown into a large quantity of unsightly chunks of bloody infected meat.

Bo spotted the flashing blue and red lights of the patrol cars parked on the narrow roadway above. The pulsating lights were almost hypnotic and his eyes felt immensely heavy. There was movement on the face of the steep hill. It took a great deal of effort for the deputy to pull his gaze off the flashing lights and focus at the officers rappelling down. Cavalry's here. It's finally over. Thank God, was the extent of his relieved thoughts.
Leaning back against one of SUV's tires, Bo was in the process of shutting his eyes when he heard the sheriff slap the first handcuff on the ICE agent.
Bo shook his head in an attempt to try and clear the muzzy feeling threatening to overwhelm him and looked over at the precise moment the man on the ground started to roll over and the sheriff lost his balance. The deputy lunged and pushed Guiteriz out of the way as the sheriff started to fall within easy reach of the ICE agent.
The sheriff rolled without any semblance of grace through the dust and sand. By the time he looked back, his deputy had finished cuffing the mad man and was seated on top of his back to 
keep him from rolling any further.

*****

(Hi again! It’s me Bill the author of this somewhat spellbinding tale.
I truly and sincerely beg your pardon for this narrative interruption. It's highly unprofessional and unprecedented, but I'm afraid it's necessary before this tale can end. Sometimes horror stories end extremely badly for the characters, other times things sort of work out. I am sorry to inform you that this tale has both conclusions.
Those readers who like relatively 'happy' endings should simply continue reading. For those of you who prefer a very sad messy horrific conclusion click the following link.
Horrible
* If for some reason the link fails to work properly the conclusion is the last thing in this book. It’s not terribly long but very disturbing.

I realize many of you will probably read both endings anyway, but I wanted to offer you the choice. This choice option reminds me of paperbacks I used to read way back in the olden days of the 1980's that were called Choose your own path, or something to that effect.
And now with no further interruption, here’s the exciting and considerably happier conclusion of Southwestern Road Trip.)

*****

Bo’s uniform shirt had multiple bloody pinpricks where the cactus needles had embedded themselves in his skin under the material and he was swaying slightly atop his struggling prisoner. But he was smiling nonetheless as the other deputies who had been rappelling down the hillside finally arrived on the scene.

*****

From an overhead speaker on the ceiling the public address system played a few soft chimes before a woman’s voice announced that visiting hours would soon be over. Megan looked up from the magazine she'd been bored enough to try and read. Her eyes appeared to have sunken considerably since the wreck and the thick dark marks under them were hard to not notice.
Her father thought she looked somewhat like a raccoon, but chose not to share his opinion with her. Instead, from the other side of the waiting room he continued talking quietly on his cell phone. “No, please believe me, mom, there’s no need for you to fly out here. I talked to the doctors and they said Janet should be released in a few days. I’ve got a hotel reservation here in town for Megan and me.” He looked over at his daughter with eyes that appeared haunted and dropped his voice to little more than a whisper before saying, “I plan on having Edwin’s body shipped home tomorrow. I don’t know why, but they said an autopsy was needed.” He sniffled while listening to his mother for several seconds before saying, “No, mom, please don’t call any attorneys. I don’t want to make waves. Right now, I’m just grateful Janet and Megan are going to be alright.”
He wiped at his eyes and cleared his throat before adding in a strained choked voice, “No, mom, I haven’t told either of them about Edwin yet. They’ve been through too much.”

Megan stood up and tossed the six month old rumpled sports magazine down on the uncomfortable leather waiting room couch. She was tired of listening to her dad trying to explain to her grandmother that things would be okay. The girl leaned out through the archway leading to the hospital hallway and spotted the two same policemen standing by the nurse’s station that had escorted them to the waiting room. Both men had been polite but very official sounding when they explained that for the time being they couldn’t leave the hospital. She crossed over to the window and tried to ignore her dad’s whispering voice.
Albuquerque is a pretty town, she thought looking over the twinkling lights below, but I just want to get back to Sacramento. I sure hope Edwin’s arm can get fixed up. It looked so gross. I guess I’ll probably have to be nicer to the little twit, at least until his arm’s better. She smiled slightly at the thought of Edwin and wondered why they let her see her mom but not the booger eater. She thought about the cops and everything that happened since the wreck. None of this makes any sense.

The sheriff had talked with her dad and she overheard some stuff about how a dangerous escaped mental patient, that happened across their wrecked car in the desert, had chased the wolves away. But even though her dad seemed to buy the story, the little girl had her doubts.
When Megan had been helped out of the SUV she saw some people wearing odd looking space suits taking away the supposed mental patient. The letters CDC had been written on some of the space suits and she wondered what it could stand for. Crazy Department Cops?
She looked at the bandage on her arm, with its grinning image of Bugs Bunny, and wondered why the doctors had taken so many blood samples. Megan saw her dad had a bandage as well on his arm and crossed the waiting room again. Peeking back at the nurse’s station she noted the policemen were facing the other way and talking to a lady behind the tall counter.
Tiptoeing, she crept into the hallway and headed away from the nurses and police. She was more bored than tired. The TV in the waiting room only showed a repeating cartoon red heart preaching about the importance of regular exercise and eating lots of fruits and vegetables every day. Besides, maybe I can find Edwin. I bet the little twit’s still pretty scared, she thought while sneaking down the wide brightly lit hallway.

She saw a bunch of multicolored balloons floating near the ceiling in a room that had an open door and paused to look inside. A woman about her mom’s age was sleeping in a big chair, and sitting up in a bed there was a blond boy who appeared a little older than her. He was watching a TV mounted on the wall near the ceiling and eating some cake that looked delicious. She felt and heard her stomach rumble.
The boy must have heard it too, because he smiled over at her and whispered, “Hi, want some birthday cake?”
Megan nodded and went into the room.
The boy had sad sunken eyes that reminded her a little bit of a raccoon. He gestured to an enormous chocolate birthday cake that was on a narrow table which had wheels under it. “Help yourself. Whoever brought it must have thought I was a pig or something.”
“Is it your birthday?” Megan whispered back as she took a large slice of cake and put it on a plastic plate.
“Yeah, well I guess for the next few hours it is.”
“Happy Birthday. My name is Megan. What’s yours?”
The boy smiled in an oddly sad way and said, “I’m not supposed to talk to anyone or tell them my name. It’s all top secret stuff, but I’m Billy.”

Someone cleared their throat behind the girl and the boy instantly leaned back in his bed and badly faked being asleep. Megan turned around and saw a grumpy policeman frowning down at her. She nodded at the officer and carried her plate with the big piece of cake out but whispered back to the boy, “Thanks for the cake, whoever you are.”
The boy smiled and made a somewhat loud melodramatic and very unconvincing snoring sound while keeping his eyes tightly closed.
###


Fortunate Cookie
By Sarah Bebb, with marginally helpful assistance from her dad

“Come on, forget about it. Let's go, if we don't get home soon mom's gonna be pissed!” The freezing boy yelled to his younger brother, who was still trying to find the baseball they had been playing catch with all afternoon.
“But Jaden, I've got to find it! She'll be even more upset if we lose another ball,” he yelled back to his big brother, who was already heading for the sidewalk.
“Just hurry up! If you get sick mom's gonna blame me. Besides, we can always get another ball.”
Realizing that his older and sometimes wiser brother was probably right, the boy looked away from the pile of leaves and muck he'd been foraging through and ran off after him. A brief movement caught his attention and he came to a stop and stared up at the window of the condemned house next to the vacant lot where they'd been playing.
“What in the world are you doing now, Kyle?! Come on man, I'm freezing my giblets off!” Jaden yelled impatiently from the sidewalk. “You know no one lives in that crumbly old place. What are you looking at?”
“I saw the curtains in that little window move. Really, they did, I'm not kidding,” Kyle said defensively, noticing his brother's skeptical expression.
“So what? It could have been the wind or some dirty drunk guy. Now hurry up or I'm leaving you here. And if mom asks, I'll just tell her that you were eaten by stray dogs or something. I'm sure she won’t miss ya,” Jaden said smugly, trying as hard as he could to get his easily distracted little brother to hurry back home with him.
“Okay! Okay, I'm coming! Just don't leave me all by myself, please,” the younger boy said in a scared voice whilst rushing after his brother.
As they left the outskirts of their hometown behind them and hurried towards the twinkling and reassuring lights of Naperdale, neither of the two boys looked back once and missed the curtains shifting once more.

Inside of the dilapidated mold-reeking house, a little girl who was about the same age as Kyle gazed longingly at the duo that she had been watching play for the last few hours. A sharp pang of jealousy and anguish shot through her small malnourished body as she watched them trotting down the sidewalk. She felt certain they had a loving caring family and a warm comforting place to call home. She quickly closed the thin curtains and drew the blinds shut. Night was falling and there was nothing more to see.
The little girl coughed weakly as she trudged silently across the cold wooden floor in the attic. Her much too small scratchy blanket felt a bit like sandpaper to her porcelain pale frigid skin. But as long as it kept just a tiny bit of body heat within her she didn't much mind the unpleasant mildew smell that permeated it. Shivering constantly she climbed up on the decrepit and musty sofa. It was the only furnishing in the attic other than a ramshackle old wooden desk that was missing three legs, with all of its drawers located in the corner of the room and a pile of torn up books filled with words she didn't know how to read in another.
The sole belonging other than her uncomfortable blanket was a pink and yellow flower patterned backpack that contained various treasures she’d found on her little expeditions to the town a few blocks away from her 'home'. On her last trip she'd been lucky enough to find some discarded Chinese food remnants in a trash bin, still in their take-out containers.
It wasn't warm food, of course, but the starving child hastily devoured the cold clumpy rice and hard greasy chilled beef as if it were a Thanksgiving feast. She was truly thankful because it had been a long time since she'd found such a good meal. The last time was when she'd discovered almost half a pepperoni pizza in another bin a week ago. This meal wasn't nearly as delicious, but as long as it quieted her constantly growling stomach she didn't much care.
Whoever the Chinese meal had belonged to evidently had no time for such trivial things as fortune cookies, since there was still one in its plastic cover inside the box. She quickly tore the wrapper off and cracked open her cookie. Since she couldn't read very well, deciphering the message inside was a bit of a challenge. As she gnawed the delicious shards of brittle cookie, the little girl struggled with stubborn determination to sound out the sentence.
“Good things are coming in the…the...” she whispered before giving up.
The phrase Good things are coming in the- was a relatively easy one to understand, but it was the rest of the sentence that she was having trouble deciphering. Try as she might, she simply could not read the two remaining words.
Giving up on the endeavor, she tossed the small piece of paper on the dirty floor and sighed deeply before finishing off the last spoonfuls of icy cold rice. Placing the now empty box on the floor beside her backpack, the girl pulled her blanket as far up over her little head as she could.
The winds outside were blowing fiercely and she heard large branches smacking against the roof of the house like the hands of agitated giants. She shut her eyes tightly. She was frightened, but was exhausted as well and her sore throat felt as though it was filled with small shards of broken glass. With a brief series of weak coughs she soon fell asleep despite the agonizing pain.


She soon found herself in the midst of a wonderful, almost magical dream. Instead of the cold stained smelly sofa in an old decaying house; she was lying down on a large soft beach towel on the sandy shore of a beautiful tropical seashore. The sun was shimmering brightly in the sky as the ocean's waves crashed on the sand in perfect rhythm.
Strangely, aside from her, the beach was completely deserted. She didn't mind though, she was perfectly content just laying there all by herself enjoying the warm sun overhead.
Just as everything seemed too good to be true, she suddenly noticed a glowing humanoid figure floating above the water. It was a very great distance away and although it seemed to be coming towards the coastline at a frighteningly quick pace, the girl paid no mind to the mysterious figure. She was much too happy and alive to be worried about something that was probably just a sort of mirage or a similar illusion.
After what seemed like just a few more minutes of relaxing, she began thinking about the glowing figure once more. Afraid that it may have gotten closer to the shore by now, she opened her eyes a bit to see if the figure was still hovering above the ocean but it was nowhere in sight. Relieved, the girl tried to relax again, but it seemed that her mind had other plans.
It must have only been my imagination, but still maybe I should get up and take a bit of a look around. Maybe there's some kind of food here -- preferably something I won't have to dig out of a smelly trash can. With that thought, she began to stretch but was horrified to discover something was holding her down on the beach towel. She writhed and squirmed to get free but it was no use. “Help! Someone, please,” she cried out. “I'm stuck to this stupid towel!”
Just as those words left her mouth, the sky grew dark with a quick flash of lightning. She could barely see the edge of the ocean. The changing atmosphere was almost startling, as the once bright and sunny skies were now completely dominated by fierce black rolling storm clouds. Thunder rumbled loudly and flashes of lightning lit up the darkening sky every few seconds. In the distance but steadily growing louder the sound of raindrops smacking down against the water like thousands of tiny bullets competed with the deafening noise of crashing thunder.
Then the rain poured down upon her. It felt like she was drowning in it. It was the worst sensation she'd ever experienced. The water was incredibly shockingly cold and the towel that she was still held against was getting soaked as the sand around her began to melt and sink down around it. She felt herself being pulled down while the palm trees that dotted the beach were falling one after another into the sand with a series of wet squelching thuds.
As she struggled not to be sucked under the wet clingy sand she spotted the last tree still standing located directly behind her. She shut her eyes and wept. Her tears mixed with the rain as she knew when the tree fell, it would inevitably fall right on top of her. With an incredibly loud crack of thunder, the tree was struck by an enormous bolt of lightning. She shut her eyes tighter as the smell of harsh burnt wood assaulted her pert tiny nose. Everything in the world grew dark.

*****

“Aaaaahhh!” the girl screamed, sitting bolt upright on the sofa. She quickly observed her surroundings; same old creaky window, same uncomfortable blanket, same dreary abandoned old house. The entire thing had just been an awful nightmare.
Relieved, the girl rolled over and smiled. Now that the danger had passed she could go back to sleep. Minutes passed, then hours (at least that's what it felt like to her) and yet she still didn't feel the least bit drowsy. And even though she had eaten a relatively large meal before going to sleep, she still felt empty inside. It was like her entire body was hollow, not just her stomach. When she fell asleep she'd felt freezing cold, but now she only felt vaguely numb and empty. She couldn't describe the feeling, but she was sure that it wasn't cold. She knew that feeling all too well. The closest she could relate the feeling to was when she’d once fallen off a stone wall that lined the playground and felt temporarily paralyzed.
She groped around a bit until she found her backpack, digging around inside it until she found what she was searching for– gummy bears. She found a tiny bag of them around Halloween, but had been saving them for a night when she really needed them. Ripping the plastic wrapper open, she took out a green coloured bear and popped it into her mouth. She began chewing as soon as she had released the candy from her grip, but strangely her mouth was completely empty. Well... maybe I dropped it.
She quickly drew out another gummy bear, this one was orange, and she was extra careful to make sure this one landed inside her mouth. But despite her best efforts, the orange bear had not landed in her mouth either. Confused and frustrated, the girl quickly jumped off her sofa and looked around for the two missing gummy bears. They hadn't fallen on the floor and they weren't in her backpack either. As far as she could tell there wasn't anything there but her various knick-knacks. The candies were nowhere to be found.
Dang it! What's wrong with me?! Is there a hole in my stomach, in my mouth?
She gripped her slender neck, but there was something that was definitely wrong with her. Her stomach sank as she slid her fingers around her face some more, desperate to at least be able to feel something. But try as she might, she could not feel a thing but cold air. “Wha- what's wrong with me?” she wondered out loud. In a deep dark corner of her mind she had a horrible sneaking suspicion but it was too hideous to even seriously contemplate.
Tears began to form at the corners of her eyes, or at least that's what it felt like. She could vaguely feel the warmth in her eyes but there was nothing on her face. Her knees weakened and she quietly wept while kneeling on the floor.

Suddenly, a blindingly-bright other-worldly light appeared outside the window. It easily overpowered the distant street lamp, illuminating the entire attic with its glow. It was like looking directly at the sun. The window where she had been watching the two boys play earlier that day opened and the light came through, letting the fierce snowstorm in with it.
Standing in the direct center of the room was a tall, skinny and incredibly gorgeous woman. The woman had long straight maroon-coloured hair that fell all the way down to her lower back and big, brown eyes. She had astonishingly pale-white skin, almost the shade of milk and seemed to glow brighter than the aura that engulfed her whole body. She was attired in a long white robe with shiny golden trim which was so reflective that it was difficult to look at with the naked eye.
The girl was amazed and stared silently at the almost-alien woman standing before her. She'd never seen anyone so beautiful in all her life. After what seemed like an eternal silence, the woman finally spoke. “Are you Abigail White?” She asked while pressing the screen of a small white tablet with a bright neon apple logo on its back.
“Y-yes..” Abigail replied meekly, still quite shocked at what was taking place.
“Then you get to come with me. Isn't that awesome?!”
Abigail thought for a moment, then replied, “My mama didn't teach me much before she died, but I know better than to go off with strangers because no matter how pretty they might look on the outside on the inside you never know.”
“Oh, you don't get it, do you?” The lady asked with a slight smile. “My name is Elizabeth, and I was chosen to be your guide to a place of eternal happiness.”
“McDonalds?” The girl cried out excitedly.
The woman sighed and said, “Look kid, there's no easy way to explain this. I am an angel. I've been sent to bring you to Heaven. You'll like it there. There's no school and countless children from every corner of the Earth who will be your friends. You'll learn all the secrets of the universe.”
“I thought you just said there was no school in Heaven,” Abigail said suspiciously.
The lady sighed and looked exasperated before speaking again. “You don't have to learn anything about the universe. Just like on Earth there are lots of ignorant, happy people in Heaven.”
“Well... if you really are an angel, they why don't you have my name on a scroll or something?
“Oh, we all use iPads now, I'm afraid,” the lady said in an almost embarrassed tone of voice.
Abigail cocked her head in confusion, she had never heard of an iPad.
“Well, the Kingdom of Heaven tries to keep up with the times. Although I admit it does seem rather silly, doesn't it? Especially since the only wardrobe selection up there are these robes. They don't even have blue jeans in Heaven. Can you believe that?”
Abigail was confused. Is this what angels were really like? Despite the young woman's majestic and otherworldly appearance, she had a demeanor not unlike that of many of the teenage girls she'd seen and overheard at the mall.
The young woman who called herself an angel knelt down and reached out her hand to the little girl. “Now then, Miss White, just grab my hand and I will take you to paradise.”
Abigail stared at the woman's hand doubtfully. Her mind was a jumble of conflicting thoughts. On one hand, she would have all the food, friends, and security she could ever wish for, but what good would it be going to Heaven when she still had big plans for her future? She had actually gotten quite fond of living off the refuse of society, and glanced over at the trash bags filled with empty aluminum cans she'd spent weeks collecting and the backpack of treasures she'd found. Her things meant very much to her.
“No ma'am, thanks for the offer, but I just can't go yet. I've still got quite a lot of living to do. Tell God or whoever is up there that I'll gladly come after I am ready, but it's not my time yet. Sorry.”
Elizabeth was shocked, no one, NO ONE, in the short time that she'd been an angel had ever rejected her invitation.
“Kid, listen to me, you froze to death in an abandoned house during a blizzard. It could be weeks, heck, even months before someone finds your body. It's not like you've got a choice anyway, Abigail, you are dead whether you like it or not and you're going to Heaven.”
“I am NOT dead!” Abigail yelled angrily, turning away from the young woman. At that moment, the girl suddenly saw something awful lying on the dirty old couch she'd been sleeping on. She screamed in horror and ran over to the small still form of her body. She tried to shake it awake, but her hand merely passed through the frozen little girl. “No! No, it can't be,” she said sobbing. This can't be the end. It shouldn't be the end- I'm not ready to die yet.”
“Aww, I'm sorry you had to find out this way. Look, this isn't a pretty sight now is it? Let's go so we don't have to see it anymore. What do you sa-” She stopped abruptly and stared. There was something in the little girl's eyes- tears. “No, no! This is bad. This is terrible!” Elizabeth shrieked.
“I know! Look at me, so pathetic, I hate being dead!”
“No! Not that, you're crying.”
“Of course I am. I cried when my mama died. I cried when my daddy ran off, and now I'm cryin' because I died!”
“Well, the thing is that I can't take anyone who's absolutely sure that they don't want to go. It's one of the Angelic Rights, 'Thy divine light may not shine upon one who doth not wish to ascend to the Kingdom of Heaven',” Elizabeth said, almost as if she was reading it off a chalkboard.
“Oh, is that so? So if I start crying harder and harder, the likelier it is I'll be taken to Heaven anyway?”
“No! It doesn't work that way, it's impossible for an angel to abandon an assigned client,” The angel said in an annoyed tone. “You can't live as a spirit without extraordinary circumstances either. So you either come with me voluntarily, or I have to do something drastic.”
“Like what?” Abigail asked with a sly scoff.
“Well, in the rare case of something like this happening, I have to grant the deceased one favor. It's one of the oldest rules in the book.”
The young girl's face lit up. She was absolutely certain what her wish would be. She took a deep breath, but was cut off by Elizabeth. “And no wishing to be brought back to life. You've heard of a zombie, haven't you?”
Dang! She's good, Abigail realized in annoyance.
The little girl looked around the decrepit room and spotted the slender piece of paper from the fortune cookie and asked, “Could you please read it for me?”
The angel smiled as the slip of paper floated up to her hand. She looked at the words then laughed in a way that made Abigail feel as if the end of the world wasn't upon her for the first time since awakening from the odd dream.
“It says 'Good things are coming in the immediate future,” The angel said once more holding out her hand to the little girl's ghost.
“Well, I guess Heaven would beat cold rice and greasy Chinese food,” Abigail said reaching up to take the angel's hand in hers.
“Oh kid, it's like a food court at the mall only it stretches out for miles. Name a cuisine and they got it. And the best part is that everything is absolutely FREE.”
“Do they have ice cream?”
As the room with the corpse of a little girl dimmed and finally faded into darkness Elizabeth laughed and said, “Every flavor imaginable and the best part is that it won't make you fat.”
###


Chef's Surprise

The human brain is a hunk of meat typically located snugly in the cradle or prison of a fragile container made of bone which is insulated with layers of skin and typically topped off with a collection of hair follicles. Inside this relatively tiny enclosed space all the ideas that have lead to a rich human history of novels, paintings, murders, songs, dreams, wars, and a plethora of other imaginative ideas were born.
Why some of these hunks of meat slowly simmering in their own juices over a lifetime lean toward a healthy, productive, moral, decent banquet of life and others fester and molder into what can charitably be compared to a often salmonella tainted 'meal' at one of the world's countless infamous roadside hamburger stands (that no health inspectors ever seem to visit) is a question perhaps best left for priests, psychologists, philosophers... or perhaps a humble detective.
Is it nature or nurture? Is the meat nestled in the human skull always fresh and untainted at its creation? Or is there something lurking like a mental form of botulism from the outset in certain cases? Perhaps the right set of ingredients is required to bring forth people as disturbed and varied as Ted Bundy, Adolph Hitler, or Osama Bin Laden?

What the exhausted middle-aged chef knew for certain was that such deep philosophic thoughts were currently supremely unimportant as the man standing before him, who was half his age and somehow had been appointed as the restaurant manager at Ramone's, continued ranting about a very dissatisfied guest. The chef continued nodding even as he envisioned several creative ways to put an end to the annoying young man.
“Quit nodding, and pay attention. Mr. Hickey described what you prepared as tasting like, and I quote... “an incinerated, not blackened, rack of horse shit, not lamb.”
The chef idly wondered how Mr. Hickey knew precisely what horse shit blackened or otherwise tasted like, but let the thought pass as he adopted an arms crossed over his chest posture and continued to listen.
“He was here with his wife, Maresela, to celebrate their twentieth wedding anniversary. Hickey is one of our most loyal customers and influential businessmen in New Orleans. When he says something about your food being unfit for human consumption what do you think that means?”
“That he's pissed off at having been married to a fat old cow of a woman for twenty years and needs someone to bitch at who won't divorce him and take half his money?” The chef almost said, but decided to let the young pip squeak of a manager continue to vent his meaningless venom.
“Hickey is very influential with the city elders here in New Orleans, and if he starts spouting off about horse shit food at this restaurant to his wealthy friends it would be a nightmare- an absolute nightmare.” The manager wasn't exactly yelling but his voice was dripping in threatening tones and having him only inches away from the chef's face was considerably more than unpleasant. The young manager's overpowering cologne might have been expensive but its valiant struggle to overcome his body odor had failed utterly.
The chef stared at the young man's mouth, watching in fascination as his yellowed and stained teeth exposed themselves as he continued rambling in a semi-coherent way about how many competent chefs would be more than happy to take his job at half the salary here in The Big Easy. The speech was getting boring and the manager's breath reeked even worse than his body odor.

Something felt odd to the chef. He'd been angry countless times before over his fifty years of life on earth, but something about the situation plus the aromas of foul sweat and even nastier breath seemed to increase the heat from simmer to boil deep inside his brain. Something about the whole infuriating situation made his stomach feel as if it were curdling and slowly the boiling sensation felt more like someone had set his mind on broil.
The frequency of intense headaches and desires to commit acts of intense violence, sometimes over the littlest of things, had been growing over the last few months. He'd even consulted with his doctor and finally had a series of tests performed just that day, before coming in to work. But the chef's doctor told him the results would not be deciphered and interpreted for at least a week.
The scent of strong peppermints trying to disguise the foul breath and the young man's close proximity mixed with the general foulness radiating from the manager was making coherent thought more difficult by the second. The chubby chef tried stepping back to get fresher air from somewhere, but the young manager followed. Slowly he was backed into the corner between the walk in freezer and wash sinks. It was an impossible thing but the scent of his burning brain cells was the only thing the chef could think of as he found himself wishing to strangle the manager, and perhaps toss him into the open fire pit oven that took up a good portion of the kitchen..

From behind the manager, who was still angrily spouting words that may have had meaning, the chef saw the kid washing the dishes trying desperately not to laugh out loud as he continued scrubbing something hidden from view under the bubbles and foam covered water.
Paco the dishwasher had often been a pain in the ass about doing his job. And on more than one occasion he’d managed to piss off the chef in a wide variety of ways.
Paco was still what the chef considered a kid; maybe in his late twenties, covered in tattoos and piercings, and muscular but still just a kid. His tattoos were made while he’d been in prison. The kid often bragged that he'd only served ten months on a five year sentence. What exactly he'd done was something the chef neither knew, nor cared to learn. He only knew Paco seemed to be immensely enjoying the manager's pointless tirade.
Grinning hugely, Paco leaned over the sink so the chef could see him and produced from the soapy water a long sharp butcher’s knife. He gestured it toward the manager's back as if he wanted to stab him while raising his middle finger and sticking out his tongue at the red faced chef.

The chef was snapped back to paying attention to the manager as he finished up his long tirade with the words that caused his mind to cease functioning properly. “I'm sorry, James, but I'm going to have to let you go. Get your things out of the locker and-”
What he meant to say next was something that no one would ever know. With a shocking quickness the shiny butcher’s knife was yanked from Paco's hand, swiftly lifted and brought down forcefully into the manager's neck. The thick blade blocked the young man's entire throat as the chef giggled and the intense shooting pains in his brain subsided. Sprays of blood shot out against the white tiled wall, dribbled into the wash sink, and coated the chef's right hand that was still firmly clutching the knife handle.
The manager's eyes opened impossibly wide as Paco stood in stunned shock and confused disbelief.
Just the three of them were in the back corner of the busy kitchen as the rest of the staff continued busily preparing meals for the upscale famished patrons of Ramone's, in the adjoining dining room. The manager reached up with one hand and felt the tip of the butcher’s knife protruding out of one side of his neck. It was as if he needed some form of final confirmation that he'd just been stabbed before he could accept the unexpected bad news that he was dead. He swayed unsteadily while his hands opened and closed as if he were uncertain what he should grab for in his last mortal moments.
He swayed even more as the chef released the handle and spoke softly in French. “Jesuis de sole.” (I'm sorry) Then shook his head and continued in English with a heavy Cajun accent. “I understand and appreciate our little talk.”
The chef finished speaking at the same moment the manager's legs collapsed and he landed head first into the foamy sink. As his legs spasmed briefly and his leather shoes tapped an energetic but odd sort of tune on the stone floor tiles, Paco finally snapped out of his shock.
“Easy Amigo, be cool. I... uh don't want no trouble,” he said, backing away from the chef. Unwilling to turn his back even briefly, he stumbled over a cart filled with dirty plates and cutlery that hadn't yet been washed. He might have caught his balance had the floor not been so wet with soap water and a fresh slick sheen of blood, but instead he only managed one word before tumbling backwards- “Shit!”
When his head struck the old iron pipe that went from the sink to a drain in the floor there was a hollow thunk sound that the chef was uncertain of. Did the hollow sound emanate from the pipe or from the dishwasher's head?

The alarming noise caused by the dozens of broken plates summoned a sizable number of the kitchen staff to investigate.
“Someone hurry and call the police! Paco just stabbed the manager!” The chef shouted without looking at the newcomers. Instead, he reached into the soap water filled sink and yanked the manager's head and torso out. He slid the butcher’s knife out of his neck and set it aside, before gingerly laying the manager's body onto the tiled floor.
Kneeling beside the soap foam covered corpse's chest, he shouted, “Someone get some towels! Maybe we can save him!”
As the remaining kitchen staff went to call for help and fetch towels, the head chef spit into the suds filled staring yet unseeing eyes of the manager when no one could witness it.

*****

The rest of the police had seemingly gone back to their regular duties after the ambulance crew took the unconscious Paco to the hospital, and the crew from the New Orleans morgue removed the manager's corpse. The rest of the employees also left for the evening when the restaurant was ordered closed for the evening.
Only one inspector remained in the kitchen with the chef. He was taking a series of digital photographs from virtually every angle around the dish washing station and occasionally muttering under his breath. “How does this thing work?” and “Well, that certainly doesn't look right,” were the only things the chef had managed to understand in all the time they'd spent together.
The chef was seated on a tall stool located near the almost antique looking time clock bolted to the wall near the rear door of the kitchen. Outwardly he seemed calm and relatively relaxed, but the constant ticking noise and hum emanating from the clock seemed to grow inexplicably louder with each passing second. Every now and again he'd shake his head sadly and sneak a peek over at the nearby emergency exit. He hadn't been asked too many questions, but after the manager’s body was taken away to the morgue time seemed to have stopped its forward progression. If not for the steady monotonous hum and ticking from the clock he would have sworn that time actually had somehow ceased altogether.
Why am I still here? The detective asked if I'd mind staying in case he had any questions, but that was over an hour ago. What's he up to? Does he suspect me? The chef wondered and took a sip of lukewarm coffee from his cup.

The inspector vaguely reminded him of some television character he'd seen sometime in the past. He was a short man with unruly brown curly hair, wearing a somewhat stained and rumpled light khaki colored trench coat which covered most of his beige dress shirt and narrow somewhat crooked narrow black tie.
Setting the empty coffee cup down, he watched the detective walk heel to toe across the tiled floor near the sink and then scratch the back of his head while mumbling too softly for the chef to understand the words. From one of his trench coat pockets he produced a small notebook and flipped through several pages before stopping to read something. He reached back into the same pocket and then the other before patting his pants pockets.
The chef finished his coffee, stood up from the stool, and cleared his throat. “Um, Inspector, if there's nothing further I can do for you. I'd very like to leave now. It's been a most disturbing evening.”
The little man turned looking up suddenly and smiled before gently smacking himself on the brow with one of his open palms. “Oh, I beg your pardon. I forgot you were still here. You are the head chef here at Ramone's, um...” he paused to look at his notepad before continuing, “Mr. Murry LeBeouf, is that right?”
“No sir, what I mean to say is yes I am the head chef but my name is Maurice LeBeouf. However if it makes things simpler you may call me Maury if you prefer. But I told that to the other officers and you yourself when you first arrived, quite some time ago. Am I free to go?”
“Free to go?” The inspector repeated the words as if unsure what they meant then appeared to understand and smiled. “Oh, yes sir. I beg your pardon. I sometimes get so wrapped up and involved with things when working on a case I get a bit confused.”
“So, may I go home now?”
“Yes sir, of course, by all means. I must apologize, but I entirely forgot that you were still here.”

The chef turned without another word, crossed the large deserted kitchen and went to a wall lined with lockers that employees used to store their personal items. He opened his locker, removed the tall white hat from his head and placed it neatly on a shelf inside.
“Oh, there is one more thing.” The inspector's voice came from directly behind him.
It was so unexpected and close by that LeBeouf jumped a little and bumped his rather large stomach into the locker, before spinning around and glaring down at the man.
“Jeez, I'm sorry. Did I startle you? I certainly didn't mean to do that. I just remembered something that I wanted to ask you.” The detective was looking intently at the chef's black and white checkered pants.
“What is it?”
“Where do you buy slacks like that?” The little man asked looking up once more at the chef's face. “I only ask because they look very comfortable and they must be easy to get stains out of. What with all the food you deal with here every night, I'd think your clothes would be covered in old stains.
You know my wife, she's always trying everything to get stains out of my clothes but some things just don't come out very easily... like blood for example.”
“There is a restaurant supply store on the corner of Lexington and Third Street. They have a wide variety of clothing there for those who work in food preparation.”
“Oh yes, I've driven past there many times. It's the place with the very large cooking pan hanging on the side of the building that's decorated with those bright tubes of light called... uh, neon, I think. I just had no idea they sold clothing there. I always assumed it was a store full of pots, pans, plates, cutlery... you know, restaurant supplies.”
The chef continued to stare down at the inspector for several seconds and didn't speak.
The inspector nodded, smiled and glanced back at his notebook.
When no further questions followed, the chef slipped off his apron and threw it in the laundry hamper next to the wall. As he lifted his foot and untied his shoes, the inspector cleared his throat again. The chef turned and saw the little man bending over, staring intently at his shoes.
“Those look very comfortable. I imagine what with standing all evening cooking food, shoes like that must be very supportive and well padded. Do you happen to know if they come in brown? I like brown shoes. I don't think white ones, like the kind you're wearing, would go over very well with my boss down at the station house. He can be quite a stickler when it comes to things like footwear.”
“They come in a wide variety of colors, and if they don't have brown in stock I'm certain they can order a pair for you,” Chef LeBeouf said while removing his shoes and placing them inside the locker. He then retrieved a pair of somewhat scuffed looking loafers and set them aside, before removing his pants.
The inspector looked away, lifted his hand to help block the view, and waited until the chef slid on a pair of typical looking gray slacks and finished zipping them up.

The chef pulled on his loafers and then a long dark colored overcoat while humming softly and ignoring the detective. He shut the locker and walked over to the time clock thinking, Is he playing games with me or is the little man just incredibly odd?
His was one of two time cards remaining on the right side of the clock. All the others had been placed on the left side when everyone left for the evening. He pulled his card out and slid it into the slot that would punch the time. After there was a fairly loud ka-chunk sound he placed his card on the left side along with all the others.
“The manager didn't have a time card,” the detective noted as he leaned close to the last card remaining on the right side of the time clock with the name Paco Hernandez printed on it. “I would imagine he made his own hours.”
The chef didn't respond to what he considered an incredibly stupid observation. Instead, he walked toward the exit and actually had his hand on the doorknob before he heard the detective ask, “Are you in a hurry, sir?”
He managed to slap on a less pissed off expression before turning around and looking at the little man. “I am not in any particular hurry, no, but I am also not accustomed to watching someone being murdered less than a few feet away from me either.”
The detective nodded and said, “Yes sir, Mr. LeBeouf, I can certainly believe that. I can understand how seeing something awful like that and not being able to do anything to stop it would be most upsetting. But I was wondering, if you don't mind terribly that is, if you could just spare me a few more minutes.”
“Why?”
“Well, sir, frankly, I'm embarrassed to admit it… but I'm in a bit of a difficult situation; a real pickle, as my wife might say. You see, I've got to write up a report and there are just a few things that still confuse me.”
The chef sighed loudly in unfeigned disgust before nodding and removing his overcoat. “I really fail to see what could possibly be confusing you, detective. The manager and I were having a discussion near the sinks and he spotted Paco goofing off. He then said something to me about how he should have known better than hiring an ex-convict let alone one that was a lazy Mexican.” The detective nodded slightly and glanced at his notepad as the chef continued. “Paco and the manager apparently already had some bad feelings toward each other, because the next thing I knew he had pulled a knife out of the wash water and murdered him.”
“And then you, according to your statement from earlier, started toward Paco. But as he backed away from you he slipped, fell and banged his head on a pipe. Is that correct?” The detective asked while slipping his notebook back into one of his trench coat pockets.
“Yes.”
“Well, sir, I must say you certainly are one very brave man. I mean, here you just saw a man almost as tall as you killed right before your eyes and yet you didn't think twice about going after the murderer. Maybe you should have been a police officer with guts like that.”
The chef shook his head and said, “No, detective, you don't understand. I believe I was in a state of shock at the time. Considering Paco's well known criminal record and everything, had I been in my right mind I most certainly wouldn't have confronted him.”
The detective tilted his head and appeared to be considering what the chef just said, before saying, “One thing bothers me, well a couple actually. Paco is maybe five foot tall. The manager was almost six foot five, approximately your height in fact, and I was wondering how such a short man could possibly plunge such a big knife sideways all the way through his neck. Could you come over here and... I know this is a terrible inconvenience, but if you could pretend to be the manager for just a moment it would help me a great deal with my report.”
The chef set his over coat on the stool and looked skeptical.
“It won't take a minute, sir.”
Crossing over to a clear spot in the kitchen LeBeouf sighed and said, “Very well. But after this I really do need to be going home. It's getting late and I'm still a bit upset.”
“That’s perfectly understandable, sir. Now then, the murder weapon was similar to this thing,” the detective said picking up a long butcher's knife. “And Paco is about my height, so what confuses me is how he could reach up and swing the blade with enough force to plunge it all the way through the manager's neck.”
The chef looked momentarily stunned before he shook his head and said, “I'm afraid I forgot to mention, in my statement, that the manager was leaning down slightly when he was killed.”
“Oh, well, that certainly explains it.” The detective gently whacked the side of his head and nodded before continuing. “So he was bent over talking to the dishwasher.”
“Yes, exactly.”
“Of course, just a moment ago, I thought you had said Paco overheard the manager making an ugly ethnic slur and that's when he killed him.”
The chef again appeared momentarily confused and then glanced at the knife and shuddered a little bit. His voice sounded as if he were on the verge of tears as he said, “It all happened quite fast. But, now that you mention it, I do believe Paco spun the manager around before he stabbed him. I think he might have even said, 'Hey,' or something before he killed him.”

“Boy, for a little guy, that Paco sure must have been pretty strong to turn a man a foot taller and maybe a hundred pounds heavier around like that. It's certainly a lucky thing he got scared of you and backed away after he murdered the manager.”
The chef nodded and slowly said, “Well, um... he had surprise going for him at first. But I suppose... with my witnessing what he'd just done and my being ready for him, he got scared.”
“That certainly makes sense. Yes sir. I could imagine that.”
“Alright then, if you'll excuse me I really do need to be going home now.”
“Of course, and again thank you for being patient and helping me to understand what happened. I really do appreciate all your help.”
Crossing back to his over coat, the chef said, “Think nothing of it.” Slipping the coat on, he glanced back at the detective, but the little man seemed to have lost all interest in him and was taking a chirping cell phone from his coat pocket.

He got as far as the back door again before he heard, “Oh, there is one more thing.”
Chef LeBeouf’s face was nearly crimson hued as he spun around and roared, “Merde! Merde! Merde! WHAT!? What is it now!? What else can you possibly want, you annoying little man!? I have been through a very horrific evening and now all I want to do is go home!”
The detective stood with his mouth hanging open in apparent shock as he looked back at the chef with a hurt expression in his eyes. There was a long pause before the chef regained some of his composure, ran a slightly trembling hand through his hair, cleared his throat and said, “I... I must apologize. That was totally uncalled for.”
“No sir. No apologies are needed. I know sometimes people tend to find me... I guess annoying might be the right word. I think it might be the way my mind tends to drift or something. Let me assure you, it's not intentional.”
The chef smiled slightly and even bowed a little. “Still, it was unforgivably rude. Was there something further I can do for you?”
“Only if you're sure it's no bother.”
The chef gritted his teeth behind his forced grin before walking across the kitchen back, toward the short man in the rumpled trench coat, saying, “I promise, it is no bother.
“Well you know Miss Cavanaugh, the owner of this restaurant? You see, she's just arrived and is in the manager's office. If you could spare us just a few more minutes, I'd sure appreciate it.”
“Of course, detective, please, just follow me,” the chef said as cheerfully as he could manage, while his face continued to slowly morph back to its regular light pinkish hue, and crossed the kitchen.
The short man followed him without another word.

A uniformed officer was already waiting inside the rather cramped office. He stood silently against one wall and seemed relaxed as the chef lead the detective into the room.
“Miss Cavanaugh, I'm so sorry you had to come in,” Chef LeBeouf said, before gesturing to the short man with the curly brown hair and rumpled trench coat who nodded to the lady sitting behind a rather cluttered looking desk. “This is um... uh a detective that is investigating what Paco did.”
Miss Cavanaugh was wearing a sable fur coat. It was buttoned up nearly all the way to her neck and she had a bloodshot exhausted look around her eyes, as if someone had woken her up and insisted she come down to the restaurant at the ungodly hour of one in the morning. Covering her mouth with one hand, she yawned before asking, “What is your name, detective? I plan on contacting your superiors first thing in the morning. Whatever happened here earlier tonight, surely this meeting could have been postponed until later.”
“My name is Lieutenant Frank Falkner. Please accept my humble apologies for having you brought here. As you know your manager was murdered here tonight.”
“Yes, I’ve been told. I also heard Mr. LeBeouf was an eyewitness to the murder and that he somehow overpowered that Hernandez boy who killed him and prevented his escaping,” the owner said and turned to the chef before adding, “Well done, Maurice.”
“Thank you Miss Cavanaugh.”
“Yes ma’am. That’s certainly the way it seems, but um… my goodness, that’s a nice looking humidor,” the detective said, looking over at a dark stained wooden case with intricate swirling designs engraved on its top and sides that was setting on a bookshelf located next to desk. “It is a humidor, isn’t it?”
She looked over at the wooden case and seemed very irritated as she answered, “Yes, it was a gift I gave to the manager last Christmas.”
“Well, it’s a beauty. He must have been a great manager to receive something so beautiful and fine,” the detective said before turning to the uniformed officer. He looked at the police officer's small silver name tag on his shirt and asked, “Officer Daniel Corneaux, have you ever seen such a fine humidor?”
The officer appeared confused. “Uh, gee, lieutenant, I don’t rightly even know what a humidor is exactly. But yonder box sure is real fine looking.”
“Danny, Danny, Danny; what am I going to do with you?” The detective asked shaking his head, before turning back to the owner and chef; both of whom looked extremely annoyed.
“Is there a point to our being here, or are you just wanting a souvenir? If it will get this over with any sooner then please just take the damn humidor so we can all go home,” Miss Cavanaugh said angrily.
The detective appeared deeply offended and hurt by her words for several seconds. He then bowed his head and thumbed through his notepad while the chef and Miss Cavanaugh exchanged confused, tired, and angry looks.

“Lieutenant?” The owner asked impatiently after almost thirty seconds had passed and the detective only continued to read his notes.
Detective Falkner held up a hand in a 'just one moment' gesture and then nodded before looking up. “You certainly have a fine restaurant here. I even brought my wife here almost a year ago on our anniversary for dinner. I'd probably eat here more often, but your prices are kind of on the high end of the scale for someone earning a lowly detective's pay.”
Miss Cavanaugh reached over, opened the humidor, and pulled out a cigar. She handed it to the detective saying, “Please, have one.”
The detective smiled and accepted it. He looked it over and examined the tiny paper label wrapped around it. “Thank you, ma'am. It's a fine cigar, indeed. But, as I was saying, since my anniversary dinner I saw you'd done some remodeling to the dining room. It truly is very tasteful and elegant, but even before I came here tonight I knew you'd made some changes to the place.” He placed the tip of the cigar in his mouth and searched his coat pockets.
Miss Cavanaugh slid a pack of matches, with the restaurant's name written in elegant gold colored script on its cover, across the desk.
“Oh, thank you very much,” Detective Falkner said taking the matches and lighting his cigar. He took a few puffs and added, “That is a very fine cigar, thank you.”
“Don't mention it. You we're saying something about the remodeling, although I fail to see what it has to do with the manager's death,” she said and leaned back in her chair.
“Do you know how long I've been with the police, as a detective? Almost thirty years. Can you believe that? Sometimes it's hard for me to believe it myself, but it's true.”
“Is there a point to any of this?” The chef asked sullenly while leaning against the wall behind the manager's desk.
“I know it's late and we all want to go home. And sometimes fine people, such as yourselves, don't much appreciate the way I do my job. But, it's served me fairly well over the years. So, please just bear with me for a few more minutes,” Falkner said and tapped the ashes from the end of the cigar before smiling at the chef. His brown eyes seemed to twinkle as he continued.
“When I started out as a detective, oh so very long ago, I'd need sometimes days to figure out some murders. People would occasionally work very hard to concoct intricate plans and schemes, usually including clever alibis to throw me off their trails. But, no matter how smart they were, the plans sometimes failed to account for this or that. Usually, it was something small; something most people would never notice.
But I like to examine a murder from multiple angles to get a full picture of how things happened. Take for example, your manager's murder this evening.”
“I don't understand what you're getting at, detective. Is there a point? You have the murderer. You even have an eyewitness who caught him for you,” the owner pointed out while shaking her head.
“My nephew helped with the renovations, ma'am. And though it's probably not very professional for him to have told me something important, I knew this case would be a snap to solve once you got here.” The detective paused to take a few more puffs on the cigar while staring over at the chef. LeBeouf averted his eyes and edged slowly toward a pair of crossed antique swords hanging on the wall.
“Mr. LeBeouf, I believe you murdered the manager a few hours ago... and please stop moving toward those weapons hanging on the wall. Officer Daniel Corneaux would probably prefer not to shoot you, but I believe he would if you did something else stupid tonight.
The department makes officers, like Danny, fill out more paperwork than you can imagine when shots are fired, isn't that so?”
“Uh, yes sir,” Corneaux answered while placing his hand on the holstered gun at his side.

“This is insane. You have no proof. Just a bunch of conjecture. If you arrest me, I'll sue!” The chef sputtered angrily as he backed away from the swords.
“You're not under arrest... yet. You're merely under suspicion for the time being,” the detective said with a sly grin.
“Do you have any proof, Detective Falkner?” The owner asked as she swiveled her chair and scooted a few feet away from the chef.
“Oh, no ma'am. I have a very strong suspicion, but I believe it's you that have the proof.”
“This is madness. Am I under arrest or not?” The chef demanded while crossing his arms across his chest.
“Sir, I already told you that you are not under arrest yet,” Falkner said with a hint of irritation in his voice for the first time that evening. He stared at the chef for a moment longer then turned to smile at the lady behind the desk and cleared his throat. “Ma'am, I think you should be quite proud to be the owner of such a fine restaurant. It is probably one of the best in the French Quarter, at least that's my opinion.
Ramone's serves only the freshest seafood, the choicest cuts of beef, including that Kobe kind that I'd probably have to take out a loan to get, and all kinds of other rather expensive food.”
“I refuse to serve anything but the very best,” Miss Cavanaugh said as her face blushed slightly with pride for her restaurant.
“Yes ma'am. But, with such fine rather expensive foods you and your manager hired the company that my nephew works at to install some special equipment to help deter pilferage.”
A look of dawning comprehension appeared on her face as she said, “The hidden security camera?”
“Yes ma'am,” the detective said while smiling over at the pale white face of the chef. “Personally, I sometimes think cameras take all the challenge out of being a detective, but they can be very helpful as well. At least they certainly tend to speed things along.
That's why I had someone fetch you down here. If you'd please run back the footage from around half past ten that was recorded from the camera covering the walk in cooler, I believe we can wrap things up in very short order.”
Miss Cavanaugh turned to the computer and typed in her password.
As she brought up the video program and continued typing, the chef glared at the detective with pure hatred. “That's why you had me sit around all night in the kitchen and asked me all those idiotic questions. You didn't care anything about my clothing, footwear, or any of the other dumb stuff you rambled on about. You just wanted to keep me here until Miss Cavanaugh arrived to retrieve the footage.”
“Well, ,sir, that's not exactly true. For instance, I really do plan on going by that restaurant supply store and see if they have some more comfortable shoes in my size; preferably in brown. Thank you again for the tip.”
The chef heard Miss Cavanaugh gasp and looked over at the computer monitor just in time to see himself on the screen plunging the knife through the manager's neck.
She paused the image but Falkner didn't even turn to take a look. He already knew what he'd see. The police officer stepped forward and didn't wait to be told what to do before spinning the still stunned chef around so that he was facing the wall and slapped handcuffs around his wrists.

When Officer Daniel Corneaux finished explaining to the chef his Miranda rights, the detective said, “I've always wanted to say something, but never had a Danny for an arresting officer before. Book him, Dano.”
The officer, chef, and Miss Cavanaugh all wore the same blank somewhat confused expressions as they looked at Detective Falkner.
“Aw geez, none of you folks ever watched Hawaii five-o on television? I guess my wife's right, maybe I am getting too old for this kind of work.”

*****

(Almost eighteen months later)

“And how did that make you feel?” The middle aged man, with several days worth of stubble covering his face, dressed in a rumpled and somewhat dirty looking lab coat, asked before yawning so widely that his jaw popped audibly.
Maurice LeBeouf looked over at the doctor’s somewhat long tufts of frizzy reddish colored hair sticking out of his head and chuckled quietly before saying, “You'll laugh, doctor, but the honest to God truth is I actually felt better. I know it's insane but once the detective actually accused me, even before he rolled the video on the computer that showed me killing the manager, my headache was almost completely gone.”
Dr. Hagan nodded before yawning again and saying, “Actually, I do believe it. I've studied quite a bit of psychology and what you say meshes nicely with many studies of various mental abnormalities. Most prisoners won't ever admit it, but deep inside many are actually relieved when they're finally caught. The stress of living with the constant fear of discovery builds up over time. The fear grows gradually and studies have shown it's this fear that feeds many mental illnesses and usually causes an ever greater sense of dread, except for those individuals with no sense of empathy or compunction when it comes to crime.”
The ex chef appeared doubtful.
Hagan smiled and reached for his cup of coffee. He sniffed the contents and looked displeased by the aroma. Setting the cup back down on his desk, between himself and LeBeouf, he stretched out with both arms over his head for a few moments before saying, “I know it may seem unlikely that most men here at Bayonne felt relief when they were caught, but I believe it's true.
Think about it for a minute. Your typical somewhat normal person, mentally speaking, is under quite a bit of stress when they go about doing something sneaky; such as a man who cheats on his wife with a prostitute. Now, multiply that stress or fear of discovery several times over and that's how many criminals feel right up until the moment they're caught. Of course, at that point the stress doesn't go away but it changes.
The stress caused by policemen, judges, juries, and the possibility of prison all combine to generate a new type of fear, however the constant fear of discovery vanishes when criminals are finally caught.
I've spoken to many convicts that told me they had stopped answering the phone, were terrified whenever someone knocked on their front door, and suffered nightmares about getting caught that were so frequent and powerful that they grew to have horrible cases of insomnia.”
“What about me?” LeBeouf asked, then clarified his question as Dr Hagan seemed confused. “I didn't have any anxiety like you just described. I was a little nervous with the detective always asking stupid questions but didn't have any problems. All I wanted was to get away.”
“I might be wrong, but I believe whatever stress and underlying mental problems you had, coupled with that tumor the doctors later removed from your brain, led to your killing the manager temporarily disappeared as you and your psychiatrists said during your trial.
Some people, heck most of them, blow off steam everyday without murdering someone; via exercise, gardening, yelling, smashing things, sedatives, etcetera. You weren't upset about murdering the manager and fearing getting caught that evening because it was too soon. But if you'd somehow gotten away with it, eventually, I'm certain you'd have been constantly worried that someday you'd be accused and proven guilty.
Out of curiosity, What became of Paco, the man you tried to frame for the murder?”
“I saw him a few times at my trial. He didn't seem particularly sorry to see me well on my way to prison. A couple of times when he caught me looking at him, he actually thumbed his nose at me and smiled.”
“So, you had no idea there were cameras in the restaurant?” Dr Hagan asked before standing up slowly and crossing the infirmary to get another cup of coffee.
“Oh, sure, I knew there were cameras covering various parts of the building. But those were all easily visible devices that only a blind man could miss. The only hidden camera in the whole restaurant covered the walk-in cooler to catch employees who might try to steal. Apparently, the detective's nephew was the one who had installed it and mentioned it to him.”
“But, now you actually have a chance of being freed if the psychiatric review board agrees with your doctors that what happened was due to a temporary psychotic break coupled with the tumor. I actually spoke to Warden Massengail briefly this afternoon and he said once the rioting calms down and the bureaucrats in Baton Rouge return to work, you could be out of here in less than a month.”
LeBeouf nodded but had a doubtful look on his face which slowly morphed into anger. “I just hope I never meet that little detective again. He was so… so… annoying and… so damn good at his job.”
“Well, as long as you continue with your medication regimen and keep having regular visits with your psychiatrist, I truly doubt you’d ever be a danger to anyone ever again. Thus, the odds of him investigating you again seem very slim indeed,” Hagan said while glancing nervously down the hallway that lead to the maximum security ward, where the most dangerous and deviant convicts were housed.
“Speaking of medications, did any more sedatives get delivered today? The freaks down the hall seem very boisterous.”
“I asked the warden about that earlier as well. He told me the governor had already sent word that things should be better around here by noon tomorrow. I assume that means National Guard troops with supplies will be coming; although, Massengail actually seemed oddly secretive... almost guarded about everything when we spoke over the phone. But, trust me, I have no plans of opening their cells. Don't worry about that.
As to your question, I've run out of all the most powerful stuff. They've been taking something almost like a generic Valium, which is more of a sedative than anything else, but it's better than nothing,” Dr Hagan said, lifting up a clipboard and looking worriedly at the long list of psychotics caged down the hall.
“Want to play some chess?”
“Why don’t you go microwave us a couple of frozen dinners while I go do my inspections of the ward? After we eat then I shall once more attempt to kick your ass at chess.”
LeBeouf sighed and nodded before he turned and grumbled his way into the kitchenette, “From head chef at Ramones, in the heart of New Orleans, to heating up trays of frozen vomit not so cleverly disguised as food; yes, I’ve come a very long way indeed.” 


Dr. Hagan's footsteps echoed through the deserted infirmary's hallways. Up until about a week earlier there were always at least two orderlies and a nurse serving on every shift and the lack of bustling activity seemed very relaxing.
Maybe they should keep the prisoners on lock down year round, he thought with a smile. Of course, if they did that the ACLU or some other group of liberal nut-cakes would file lawsuits accusing the prison authorities of being cruel.
IDIOTS!
In a typical week we probably have a few dozen prisoners brought in here with broken arms, fingers, and even the occasional stab wounds, but do the well meaning nut-cakes care?
Hell no!
Does it matter that this is the longest period Bayonne has gone without a fight between the races?
Again, hell no.

Dr. Hagan stopped walking and took a deep breath before entering the computer code that would open the heavy metallic sliding door that lead to the psychiatric ward. He leaned his mostly bald head against the cool metal and tried to think of something nice.
It was not an easy thing to do.
God, I need some sleep, he thought while trying to envision bright beautiful sweetly fragrant flowers in a garden. The images that flashed through his mind started out alright, but quickly became fractured and grew oddly warped. The roses were black and smelled of feces. The daffodils stretched up high and instead of having bright colors they loomed over with a bruised purple and mottled dark sickly green and stunk of mildew, mold, and rotting fish at low tide.

Snoring himself awake, Dr. Hagan jerked and barely caught himself before collapsing to the floor.
He slapped his face somewhat roughly a few times and came close to giving up on the idea of doing the psychiatric ward inspection altogether. It was his sense of duty that ultimately won out, though, as he entered the security code and the door slid open.
The hallway smelled more foul than ever before and dozens of globs and blobs of excrement were laid out on the tiled floor like a minefield.
Hagan sighed inwardly as he stepped carefully into the corridor, so as not to tread in something rather decidedly unpleasant. The first few cells contained men who had I. Q.s so low that, technically speaking, they should be in a facility for the permanently and irreversibly insane. After noting that they were still alive he quickly moved on.
Mr. Jacobie was sitting cross legged in the middle of his cell. His thin, usually wispy, gray hair looked as if he'd used water to smooth it down over his head.
Dr. Hagan paused and smiled at the old man.
It looked like Jacobie's eyes were closed but somehow the old man seemed to know the doctor was standing just beyond the bars. He spoke in a slow soft voice. “Beware, doctor, something bad is coming. I can feel it.”
The doctor shuddered and then reminded himself, He's just a crazy old man, and continued on with his inspection. The rest of the hallway was clear of excrement and as much as he hated to admit it, even to himself, Dr. Hagan owed this fact to the man inside the last cell; Ezekiel Thorne aka Twisto the Clown.
Hagan always walked well away from the bars of the cells, but paused to confirm each of the inhabitants were indeed still alive. There were giggles and excited whispers coming from some cells. The doctor continued down the hallway without comment.

When Hagan reached the end of hallway, Ezekiel was standing at his cell door wearing a lopsided grin. “Hiya, doc, want to hear a joke?”
“No, thank you,” Hagan said, without looking up and finished making his notes.
“You look more tired than a two dollar whore during fleet week. Why don't you stretch out on my bunk and take a nap? I'll make sure no one bothers you,” the smiling man said as the doctor turned and started away.

Halfway down the hallway the overhead public address speakers broadcast a snippet of static before a prerecorded message announced, “Attention! Attention! All personnel report to fire fighting stations immediately!” The message repeated as the overhead fire suppression sprinklers began spraying down the hallway and every cell door slid open.
FUCK! Was Dr. Hagan's only frantic thought as he started sprinting toward the big solid metallic door that had also slid open. His exhaustion was a thing of the past as his feet seemed to grow wings.
There was a confused excited cacophony of words coming out of the open cells, but the only voice he heard clearly was Ezekiel's, shouting, “Don't run! You'll only die tired!” followed by maniacal laughter that erupted from most of the open cells. (Some of the patients didn’t understand what Ezekiel had said and that’s why everyone didn’t laugh)
Dr. Hagan swerved past Mr. Jacobie. Next to Maurice LeBeouf, he was the only patient he even came close to trusting. Jacobie was a prisoner who often attacked fellow inmates utilizing his ‘special Ninja skills.’ He has sworn several times these skills were learned while serving in Japan's Intelligence Service, and later as a member of Michael Jackson’s security entourage until he was arrested and sentenced to Bayonne for murdering a prostitute in Baton Rouge.
Standing at five foot tall, weighing just over a hundred pounds, and being almost sixty years old, Mr. Jacobie was locked up for his own protection after repeatedly attacking his fellow convicts and being beaten almost to death on no less than twenty occasions over the last ten years.
After Hagan ran by, Mr. Jacobie turned to face the gang of psychotics charging toward him. He squatted slightly with his bony legs spread wide and both hands held open in the classic Judo chop position.
He was promptly trampled and left dazed and more than usually confused as the others continued the chase.

With only a dozen feet to the heavy door left to go, Hagan couldn’t believe that he would actually manage to escape. He could see the red panic button on the wall beyond the door and knew all he’d have to do is hit it to shut the security door. Almost there! Oh God, I’m going to make it!
And if he hadn’t stepped on one of the wet slippery piles of excrement that had been thrown on the floor he most likely would have too. Waving his arms frantically in an unsuccessful attempt to keep his balance while sliding across the tiles, as the fire sprinklers continued to spray water down, he realized with great sadness that his chances of living to see another day were a dishearteningly miniscule thing.


Ramone's, oh how I miss you, LeBeouf thought while pulling the foul smelling dinners out of the microwave oven. His thoughts were interrupted as the message of fire was played from the ceiling mounted speakers, followed by an alarm sounding and water spraying down from the sprinklers. “Oh, this can't be anything good,” he said before running into the hallway.
The way leading to the psychiatric ward was a whooping cheering wave of very disturbing sounds.
The ex chef had a moment (a very brief one) when he considered going to investigate, but then the sound of running feet coming from the same direction as the maniacal shouts and screams convinced him that hiding might make more sense. Hurrying across the hall, he opened the door to the linen storage room and scurried back behind the racks of freshly laundered sheets that smelled strongly of bleach and detergent. A tear ran down his chubby face as the smell reminded him of Ramone's Restaurant and a way of life that was gone forever.

Even with the door shut the sound of running feet, excited screeching shouts, and howls were impossible to ignore. After overturning a large canvas laundry basket and pulling it over his huddled trembling chubby body, LeBeouf stuffed both index fingers in his ears and did something he hadn't done since he was a child; he prayed.
LeBeouf prayed principally not to be found, but a close second hope was that Dr. Hagan would be okay. Over the months spent at Bayonne, fervently hoping his psychiatrists and lawyers would be able to get him out, he'd managed for the most part to blend in and not attract attention.
Some of his fellow prisoners seemed actually fairly normal, but the many nightmarish monstrosities masquerading as humans far outnumbered them. LeBeouf learned only a month earlier that the medical advisory parole board had begun reviewing his psychiatrist's appeal. The tumor that had been found and removed from a part of his brain which regulated violent tendencies greatly interested a group of researchers from Johns Hopkins in Maryland and they had written numerous letters to the parole board as well. All of this had deeply impressed Dr. Hagan when he learned of LeBeouf's case.
But he only learned of it after the ex chef and convicted murderer had almost been killed in a fight with other prisoners. LeBeouf had been in the infirmary for almost two weeks and if not for Dr Hagan's desire to have him remain there after his broken ribs had been treated, he would have once more been sent back to the cell block controlled by the Sabres gang.
He had been beaten so badly his cracked ribs were still wrapped in bandages even as he cowered inside the linen closet and prayed.


The external defibrillator that was part of a crash cart was probably the oldest piece of equipment in the entire medical facility. A bulbous headed man was in the corner of the treatment room playing with the rheostat knob that controlled how many joules of direct current the defibrillator would administer.
Dr. Hagan watched him switching the various buttons until he pressed the green one that charged the system. A quiet high pitched whining sound made the tinkerer tilt his head at an angle.
It reminded the doctor of an old RCA advertising image of a dog sitting beside a phonograph.
“Dr. Hagan, my old buddy, did you know I always loved playing doctor when I was a child?” Ezekiel asked, lifting a scalpel and waving it playfully in the air.
Dr. Hagan closed his eyes. He knew his life was in the hands of a murderous psychotic freak; a man who was convicted of murdering almost forty people,and most of them had been children.
“Now really, you make me sad, doctor. Closing your eyes, like that. My father was a surgeon and wanted me to be one too some day. I guess my decision to go into the entertainment field was a disappointment for him, but it’s never too late to learn a new trade,” Ezekiel stopped speaking and made a sound of disgust when he saw that Hagan hadn’t opened his eyes yet. He leaned down and whispered, “If you don’t open those pretty hazel colored eyes, I guess I’ll have to slice off your eyelids. You don’t want that. Or do you?”
Hagan sighed and opened his bloodshot, exhausted, and apparently pretty hazel colored eyes. He looked up at the bald man leaning over him and said, “Listen to me Ezekiel. This building could be on fire. Untie me now and we’ll forget any of this happened.”
Ezekiel looked like he was thinking before saying in a trembling voice, “Don't call me that again. My name is Twisto and you know it.” Then his voice went back to normal as he asked, “By the way, you have children. Right?”
“I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”
Ezekiel/Twisto looked up at the ceiling and spoke loudly and beseechingly, “They have eyes but do not see.” Then swooped down to Hagan’s ear and whispered, “Answer the fucking question. Do you have children?”
“No, I’ve never been married.”
“What a small world, me neither. What with my career and various hobbies, I just never met the right kind of woman; one who enjoyed having a really good time. Hang the consequences! The kind of girl I could take home to meet the parents. You know what I mean?”
Hagan nodded. Not because he understood what the very dangerous man was getting at but because it seemed like a pretty good idea.

When he first regained consciousness, he found himself stripped naked and strapped down on the treatment table with the examination lights all turned on to their brightest settings. The restraints were cinched down so tightly that it took a Herculean effort just to take a deep breath. This was made even more difficult by the doctor's racing pulse as he hoped security would soon arrive. He actually held little hope anyone would be coming as the clock on the wall continued counting off minutes and the distant sounds of gunshots and screams from outside showed no sign of lessening.
Before the doctor awoke, Twisto had found a bottle of talcum and his smiling face was covered in a layer of white powder that did indeed give him a clownish look. When Hagan first saw him, the clown was slicing the brown rubber bulb from a syringe typically used for sucking out or squirting things into a patient's ears or nose.
The terrified doctor had to admit that Ezekiel had an ingenious way of improvising a clown costume with very little to work with.

“No kids you say? That's sad. Personally, I just love children,” Twisto said with a disturbingly creepy emphasis on the word 'love' while stroking Hagan's genitals.
“Listen to me, Ezek-” The doctor started to say before Twisto grabbed on to both of the doctor's testicles, squeezing and twisting them fiercely. At that point Hagan screamed and the clown glared down at Hagan's contorted face.
“Say that other name one more time, doc, just one more time! I double dog dare you!” Twisto bellowed as Hagan screeched and begged him to stop.
The clock was hard to see clearly as tears filled the doctor's eyes. He had no idea how long the clown squeezed and twisted his testicles before finally releasing them but it seemed like hours.
When the clown's face appeared again it was smiling. “Do you believe in God?” Then before the doctor could respond he continued. “I sure do. When the cell doors slid open all I could think of is Moses and how he held out his staff and God opened up an escape route for him and his buddies. Is that crazy, or what?”
Doctor Hagan had no idea how to respond to such an obviously loaded question.
“Do you know why the cell doors opened up for me and my pals? I'll tell you why. I prayed for deliverance from bondage, just like Charleton Heston... I mean Moses did, and my prayers were answered.” Twisto said then looked up at the ceiling shouting, “Thank you, oh, great poobah in the sky! Free at last, free at last, thank you God! I'm free at last!”
Doctor Hagan sighed and nodded because it seemed the clown was at least sort of right. Whatever had happened to free the inhabitants of the psychiatric ward was definitely, if not miraculous, beyond his terrified ability to comprehend. He held absolutely no hope that whatever Twisto had planned for him that it would be good.
As if he'd read the doctor's mind, Twisto pulled a saber saw from behind his back and said, “Of course, it would be blasphemous to not thank God for our deliverance without a proper sacrifice. It's really a shame you didn't have kids when you had the chance, doc, because when I'm done you won't be able. Of course, I guess you could adopt. Faggots and dikes do it all the time. Why not a eunuch?”
“Please don't,” was all Hagan could think to beg as Twisto moved down toward his waist.
“And, if you don't mind, I think I might borrow some of your lovely frizzy hair. Has anyone ever told you how much it looks like it belongs on a clown?”
Hagan could only whimper in response.
“Besides, this won't hurt a bit. I promise,” Twisto said before giggling as he got to work.
He broke his promise about it not hurting.


Coughing on smoke caused LeBeouf to wake up as he struggled to breathe through the acrid choking fumes. With no way of knowing how long he'd slept, he tried hard not to cough. The small storage room felt hot and it was hard to see through the smoke that was quickly filling it. He stood and crept to the door leading to the hallway while struggling to breathe. His eyes watered and stung as he listened at the door.
There didn't seem to be anyone around, but as he opened the door he realized there really was no choice except to go. Staying put would kill him just as readily as running into any of the escaped lunatics. The deserted hallway actually seemed far less smokey and he paused to take a few deep breaths and tried to think what to do next. There was all manner of things strewn across the tiled floor; rolls of bandages, broken bottles, bedpans, and many other things he couldn't readily identify.
He crossed the hall to look in the room where he'd been talking with Hagan earlier. It was trashed. Furniture was overturned, desk drawers were lying on the floor along with piles of forms and various pieces of paperwork, but what caught his attention more than anything else was the broken windows. He hurried over and peered out through the metal bars.
The infirmary was built at the rear of the administration building and though the angle was odd and it was hard to see much through the billowing clouds of smoke, the flames erupting along the first and second floors down below were impossible to miss. He reached down and felt the floor. It didn't seem hot, but he didn't know if that meant he was safe or not. Standing up once more, he looked down beyond the barred window in hopes that there were firetrucks in the courtyard. No, it can't be!, his mind screamed upon seeing hundreds of his fellow prisoners running about with the main gate standing wide open.
There was sporadic gunfire and he wondered how he'd missed hearing that and the yells coming from outside up until that point. What should I do? I can't stay. It's only a matter of time until the fire reaches here.

Running from Dr. Hagan's office into the hallway, he could feel the heat much more intensely than he had by the windows. The smoke was growing thicker too and as he started toward the main exit he realized there was something he could use in the examination room up ahead. Dr. Hagan had shown him the portable oxygen tanks and masks when he'd been given a tour a few days earlier.
Somehow, the exhaust fans and air conditioning units were still working and as he ran through the swinging door leading to the examination room it once more felt cooler. Hurrying through the smoke to the air tank storage closet, he failed to spot the weakly struggling man strapped to the table. The equipment had not been tampered with by Twisto and his friends and LeBeouf quickly slipped on a mask that covered his mouth and nose. He opened the valve on one of the green oxygen bottles and took his first clean breath of air. His eyes were still watering and the stinging sensation seemed to be growing worse with each passing minute, but he was happy just to be able to breathe.

When he saw one of the field backpack kits used for treating convicts in their cells, LeBeouf didn't pause before strapping it on and shoving the oxygen bottle inside. There was very little room in the bag, but once it was securely tucked inside the kit his hands were freed from carrying it. He started back toward the doors and again almost missed spotting the man strapped to the table. If his foot hadn't slipped in the blood on the floor he probably would have. He grabbed the table to keep from falling and saw Dr. Hagan's face through the smoke.
“Oh, God. What did they do to you?” LeBeouf asked while quickly removing the restraining straps. He got the ones holding his legs to the table off first and then hurried to get the ones securing his hands to the table.
When the doctor's hands grabbed onto LeBeouf's arm he assumed his friend was acting out of panicked fear. It wasn't until Hagan bit through his skin and tore off a chunk of his flesh that LeBeouf realized he might have been mistaken. Yelling in pain, he backed away as Dr. Hagan climbed off the table and promptly slipped in the pool of blood on the floor and fell in a heap.
“Dr. Hagan, it's me LeBeouf; Maurice LeBeouf,” he said, thinking that perhaps the doctor was delirious.
Hagan slid his naked bloody body across the tiles and tried to grab LeBeouf's foot.
“What's wrong? Don't you recognize me?” He asked while dodging back toward the doors.
As the swinging doors opened, he got his first good look at Hagan's face and felt as if he was about to pass out. His eyes were glazed over, and hanging partly out of his chewing mouth was the piece of skin he'd bitten from his arm.
He ran back into the hallway and stared at the bite wound between his wrist and elbow. No veins or major arteries appeared to have been torn, but a sizable amount of blood was dribbling onto the floor. Placing his other hand over the bite wound, he staggered toward the main exit.
The lights failed as he was passing the admissions area where guard's would bring patients to wait for treatment. He got only a brief glimpse of an old man standing in the room beside the broken windows. Whoever he was, LeBeouf had no desire to speak to him. Part of the reason was that the old man's face was covered in blood and his wide open frantic eyes were staring at him, but the other reason was more practical; the building was on fire and steadily filling with more smoke.
LeBeouf hurried on toward the exit and managed to trip over something in the murky smoke filled hallway. His knees slammed hard against the tiles and he bellowed, “Merde!” before collapsing to the floor and rolling onto his side in pain.
The battery operated emergency light beside the green glowing EXIT sign located over the door beckoned him, but the best he could manage was a very slow agonizing crawl. Gradually, he noticed the smoke actually seemed less thick as he got closer. I can do it. It's just another ten feet, if that, he thought and struggled to keep moving.

When the oxygen tank was empty he noticed and paused just long enough to pull the plastic mask down around his neck. The air rushing in through the open door felt cool, almost cold in comparison to what was in the hallway. I'm almost out. I did it! LeBeouf realized with an odd smoke smudged smile on his face.
With just inches left to reach the threshold, the undead Dr. Hagan staggered out of the smoke behind LeBeouf, peered down momentarily and pounced on his back.
He felt the clammy hands clawing at his face and neck before rolling over. Hagan rolled too, but didn't let go. LeBeouf resorted to French again without realizing it and shouted, “Casse-toi!” (which roughly translates to “Fuck off!”) and punched his attacker in the face. It was hard to tell who exactly he was hitting because LeBeouf's eyes were watering and itchy feeling from being exposed to so much smoke for such a long time.
Hagan's undead corpse didn't seem even momentarily bothered by the foreign swearing or the fairly strong punch to the face. He simply grabbed LeBeouf's fist and started gnawing at it like a dog with a bone.
“Hyah!”
LeBeouf heard the shout and had no idea where it had come from. But, his badly bleeding hand was suddenly free of whoever it was that had been ravenously chewing on it. There was a metallic clang next to him as he sat up against the wall. He felt around and his blood slick fingers found the metal oxygen bottle that had slid out of the med kit backpack.
“Fight fire with fire!” The same voice once more called out from the smoke filled hallway. This was followed by the sound of coughs, grunts, and growls. LeBeouf couldn't care less what was going on as he once more crawled for the open doorway.
The sidewalk outside was illuminated by the red and yellow flames of the administration building, which was an inferno with fire and sparks blowing up into the night sky.
LeBeouf paused only momentarily to gape at it before continuing forward. The clatter and clang of the oxygen tank being dragged behind him by the hose was loud, but the sounds coming from inside the hallway and out in the courtyard seemed much louder.
LeBeouf kept crawling until he reached a tall razor topped chain link fence and only then tried to stand up. Every muscle seemed to protest this relatively simple maneuver, but within a few seconds he was leaning back against the fence.
There was a loud scream coming from beyond the doorway followed momentarily by a shadowy figure of a man trotting out.
Though so tired he felt ready to embrace death, LeBeouf managed to lift the only thing he had to use as a weapon; the oxygen tank. His hands were trembling as he raised it up and started to swing it at the figure.
The man swerved gracefully off to the side and easily avoided being clobbered. “Hey, don't hit me. I'm the one who just saved your life. I am not your enemy. The undead ones are.”
“Who? What? What the hell are you talking about?” LeBeouf sputtered in confusion.
The old man, who used to be called Mr. Jacobie, in a different life, bowed and said, “You may call me Cato. There is no need for gratitude. The spirit of life dictates we are comrades in the battle against the unclean spirits.”
Oh crap, it's one of the psychos! LeBeouf realized as he struggled to lift the oxygen tank again. It seemed much heavier than before.
A flaming figure staggered out of the open doorway and headed toward the two men, but Cato seemed unafraid as he snatched the oxygen tank out of LeBeouf's trembling hands.
“Come, unclean thing. I shall grant you eternal rest,” Cato called to it and seemed to almost dance across the sidewalk and circle around behind it.
The flaming figure stumbled but did not fall as his burning hands reached out blindly in search of... of what precisely LeBeouf had no idea as he slid slowly away along the fence.
Cato swung the oxygen tank down while shouting a war cry that echoed off the surrounding buildings. The flaming figure's skull was crushed and a host of sparks shot up into the air before it staggered another two steps and collapsed to the sidewalk.

Carrying the oxygen tank by it's nozzle, Cato cackled briefly before hurrying over to LeBeouf saying, “Come with me if you want to live.”
The ex chef sighed and followed the odd little old man. He had no idea where he was being led, but the occasional gunshots coming from the other directions made following seem like a good idea. They encountered crawling bodies twice on their trip across the prison complex. Both times Cato ran over and bashed them with the oxygen tank until they ceased moving.
When they reached a low slung building LeBeouf had never seen before, Cato held a finger to his lips and whispered, “Quiet now. Death welcomes us here into her sweet embrace.”
LeBeouf nodded and without having any idea why, he followed the little man through an open doorway of the building. The overhead lights showed three rows of seats off to the right and a long broken and bloody window in the left wall. As he walked inside peering nervously about, his shoes squeaked against the tacky blood that had partially dried.
Cato passed by an overturned wheelchair and whispered, “Oh my,” before bending over and lifting an Uzi that was covered in sticky blood. He handed it to LeBeouf after checking the magazine and seeing it still had some bullets inside. “Ninjas have no need of such things, but you might.”
The ex chef stared at the weapon in his hand that he'd only seen in movies before. The little man crossed back and shut the door they'd walked past upon entering the building. “Move as quietly as the shadow at midnight,” Cato whispered and entered an adjoining hallway.
A shadow at midnight? Who is this guy, really? LeBeouf wondered as he wearily followed.

At the end of the hallway they found a dead middle aged woman who'd been shot in the head as well as her chest.
Cato paused and muttered, “Rest, daughter of Eve,” before checking the execution chamber. It was a bloody mess but otherwise empty.
Another twenty feet along the hallway they paused and looked at a large heavy metal door that blocked their way. Cato reached for the handle whispering, “Be ready, like the horny scorpion at dawn.”
LeBeouf almost asked what the hell that was supposed to mean, but Cato opened the door before he could. The hall continued on, but off to the side there was a medium sized alcove with a desk, phone, and recharging station with a walkie talkie sticking out of it. LeBeouf moaned and said, “I can't go any further,” before plopping down in the office chair behind the desk.
“Shush, chubby grasshopper. You stay and rest.” Cato whispered before creeping down the hallway.
LeBeouf shook his head and tried the phone. There was no dial tone. He considered the walkie talkie briefly before sliding off and opening the med kit backpack.
Over the years of working in kitchens at many of the finest restaurants in Louisiana, he'd learned a fair amount about first aid. Of course, most injuries that happened in kitchens were caused by burns and cuts not a chewed fist and arm.
Luckily, medics who were sent to prisoner cells often had to deal with bites inflicted by other inmates. There was even a five step procedural card that dealt with bites in the med kit. LeBeouf quickly read them and found the various things listed on the card inside the backpack. He glanced repeatedly over at the Uzi as he treated the wounds and became more nervous as time passed and the odd little old man did not return. Once his arm and hand were treated and bandaged, he dry swallowed two pills from a bottle of antibiotics that were mentioned on the bite card.
He looked at the clock and saw it was nearly midnight. Where is he? Is he okay? IF he is okay, should I trust the little nut cake? What the heck is going on around here? His thoughts were swirling as he took a few wet wipes and cleaned the blood off the gun. He wondered if he might be having an odd ultra realistic nightmare and stared nervously down the hallway until finally saying, “Screw it. If this a dream what's the worst thing that could happen. If it's real...” his voice trailed off upon realizing if what was going on were real he truly was screwed.
He stood up and things felt momentarily dizzy. Water, I just need some water, he hoped.
The Uzi felt odd in his hand; heavy and odd but comforting. He kept his finger away from the trigger and quietly tip toed down the hallway. There was an odd faint sound that he couldn't identify not too far ahead. I should go back, he realized, even as he kept walking.

When the hall opened up and three cells with open doors were visible he had a horrible thought that maybe they kept the most dangerous psychotics here. The sound grew louder and it only took a second more before he recognized it as snoring. Inside the third cell, curled up under a blanket and sheets and sleeping with an impish smile on his wrinkled face, was the man who called himself Cato.
LeBeouf smiled briefly at him before checking the rest of the hallway. There was a small kitchenette, complete with refrigerator, sink, and a microwave oven. He got a cup and used the sink faucet to get a drink three times before moving on. Beyond that, there was a small shower room and a stack of towels on top of a cabinet. The last room was a walk-in cooler that was empty. On the far side of the cooler there was an ancient looking metal door that had a thick metal bar padlocked in place to prevent it from opening. An old piece of paper was taped to the door. It had a warning that guards were not to open it until the county morgue wagon personnel had signed in. The note was signed by Warden Massengail.

When he was done investigating and felt fairly secure, LeBeouf went back to where the dead woman was, sighed sadly, and pulled shut the heavy metal door. After locking it, he went to one of the empty cells and sat on the bunk. Cato was still snoring and somehow the sound was reassuring, almost comforting.
He kicked off his shoes and started to lay back in the bunk, but then stopped. Do I really trust a man who was locked up in the psychiatric ward?
LeBeouf stifled a yawn and got up, crossed over to where the little man was snoring, and stared at him for a long time. Then quietly slid Cato's cell door shut and securely locked it before going back to his own bunk. He placed the gun under the thin pillow and then stretched out.
Within a minute's time both men were snoring.
###


Closing Thoughts & Story Notes

Short stories can be a pain in the butt to write. Mainly this is because I have this bad tendency to ramble a bit when I get to writing. Take, for example, The Fall of Bayonne Prison. I envisioned it being a dozen, maybe twenty, pages long and like a malignant undead growth it just started expanding into novella length.
Some long time dead (but fairly) smart guy once wrote “Brevity is the soul of wit.”
Grumble. So, I'm soulless when it comes to being witty and tend to meander a bit when I write. What can I say? It's how I do my thing.

Notes on the stories:

The Fall of Bayonne Prison came about as a result of the first book in The Chronicles of the Undead; The Emperor of Bayonne Prison. That story begins approximately a year after the events in The Fall.
I didn't feel a full length novel of The Fall would be justified, but there were a great many questions that could be addressed nicely in a short story format. Plus, I like allowing readers a better look at some of the characters and what they were like before things changed. This is especially true for Crazy Carl, Vito, and to a somewhat lesser extent George.
In The Emperor I believe there are plenty of details on George. But even though Vito appears as either a ghost or part of George's damaged psyche I enjoyed taking a look at what he was like before he died.
I liked Crazy Carl turning out to be responsible for the overthrow of Bayonne; especially since, from his standpoint, he was doing a 'good' thing by freeing the prisoners. I sort of left it hanging in Emperor as to how the prisoners took control, and ended up having to use a fair amount of gray matter coming up with a semi-plausible explanation.

Twisto the Clown's appearance is sure to make some readers roll their eyes. In Zombies of All Hallows Evil there was Ringo Dingo, who was also a clown. In The Emperor of Bayonne Prison there was Sheriff Silly Willy. But unlike Ringo and Silly Willy, Twisto plays a major role in the story.
Why clowns?
I believe there's an almost universal distrust and or fear of clowns, at least that's what I've noticed throughout my life. Many people have a condition called Coulrophobia, which is the fancy scientific way of saying a fear of clowns. Personally, I find clowns a bit creepy but not extremely scary.
Although on Halloween in 2012 I took my kids and my daughter's friend trick or treating and saw something decidedly disturbing. There was a weird guy in a dark trench coat walking all alone through the darkened neighborhood streets. I know that's not particularly odd, but he was wearing a dirty looking latex clown mask with big dagger-like teeth that covered his entire head.
The sight scared one of my daughter's friends pretty badly. There was a very long loud scream. I know it sounds or reads like a made up story, but the creepy thing is that it happens to be true. Weird.

For those who hate Twisto The Clown and never want to read of him ever again, I'm afraid I have extraordinarily bad news. He will be playing a prominent and disturbing role in the next Chronicles of the Undead novel. (sorry)

The only real concern I had in tackling the Fall of Bayonne story was trying to bear in mind it was supposed to be a 'short story'. I realize short is a relative term, but at the same time I wanted a story that felt right.
Anyway, I like it and hope you do too.


Waking at 2:47 is something that grew out of something I have personal experience with. I wake up several times at night. Sometimes it’s just a for a few seconds where I blearily glance at the bedside clock and try and see if it’s worth going back to sleep or if it is close enough to the alarm time to just go ahead and get up. BUT sometimes I awaken from a really disturbing nightmare.
You'd think undead monsters would be the kind of nightmare I have a lot of, but I actually kind of enjoy those dreams. No, it's the kind of dream where something bad happens to my kids that usually make it hard to fall back asleep. OR, like the guy in the story, I had many disturbing dreams of my ex-wife when she ran out on me and my kids back in 2002.
I don't believe I'm the only one who has suffered from bad dreams caused by the loss of a loved one. If you care and love someone and suddenly they're no longer a part of your life it's bound to affect the subconscious. No matter who it is that you lose, if you cared about them and are in pain I think it only makes sense they'd appear in your dreams.

For the hero of this story I just like the idea that somehow dream characters could be seen and spoken with in his kitchen, even if it required an experimental prescription drug to accomplish it. I like Baxter Bunny. I think he was a nice unexpected turn for the poor guy to meet after his disturbing seemingly endless nightmare.
As to the rest of the story, it's hard for me to guess whether he thought he was actually inside his wife's car or not. Perhaps part of him strongly suspected and hoped that he was, but I think he did what he did out of a need to strike back at someone who had hurt him regardless whether it was real or not.


Disgusting Campfire Tales came about from two different things. Since I began writing, I've gotten several reviews that strongly suggest that my stories are too “gross or disgusting”. So, I figured why not do a disgusting story?
The best part or worst part (depending on how you view it) is that all the stories the boys told around the campfire were things that actually happened in my life or to close friends that I know.
It's true.
The grain alcohol story was a bit exaggerated but essentially true. My friend really was drunk and actually did throw up on a metal light pole and hadn't noticed the missing access plate. He didn't die, but did receive a nasty electrical shock. (I have very sophisticated friends)
The Bigfoot prank part was something I almost did back in the early 1990's. Back then I hosted, starred, and produced a public access show while I was still in college and had time to kill. One day some friends of mine and I were prowling through a thrift store in search of props and other things to use on the show. There were several ratty looking fur coats and for about $100 bucks we could have had enough material to construct a somewhat bizarre looking Bigfoot costume.
The idea was that someone (Me) would wear the costume and run across some roadways at dusk or at night and scare the crap out of drivers, while my crew would videotape the results.
Three concerns kept us from actually doing it. 1) No one had a hundred bucks to blow on the fur coats. 2) Someone could wreck their car and get hurt if they spotted a Bigfoot crossing the road in front of them. And most importantly, 3) My friends and I filmed in and around Birmingham Alabama and many people there have guns in their cars. I didn't want to be killed for a stupid prank.
The original conclusion I had in mind was Sherman coming out and grabbing his son, just as they had planned. And perhaps one of the other boys would take a burning branch from the campfire and set 'Bigfoot' on fire in an attempt to save their buddy. It was workable enough, but just didn't quite feel right. It's possible I may write an entire novel someday based on this story and find out what happened when they were followed back to camp.


Southwestern Road Trip revisits the late afternoon when the colonel's trailer blows up at the conclusion of Valley of Death Zombie Trailer Park. I liked seeing Bo again, plus I always felt badly that Agent Dudley’s outcome was never properly addressed. All it would have taken were the words in the VODZTP “...and then Dudley died,” but I blame the lazy author for that oversight.
I was nearly done with the story when I discovered a problem. I had to make a choice; a horrible heart wrenching choice. There were two ways the ending could go and I liked both of them for different reasons.
The somewhat happier ending appealed to me because while I may write stories that have monsters, murder, clowns, death, madness, and other horrible things in them I, personally, am not a monster. I like happy endings, but even ‘happy’ ones aren’t all sunshine and prancing puppies. The death of little six year old Edwin bothered me quite a bit, yet it seemed ‘right’ that not everyone inside that overturned SUV should survive.
The truly horrific ending may or may not be ‘better’ but both made sense to me so I gave the readers a chance to choose the ending they wanted.
Some might call that a cheat. But it actually isn’t unprecedented that stories have more than one ending. Some brief examples might help illustrate that point.
John Cusack was in a film along with Billy Bob Thornton that was directed by Harold Ramis and it was released in 2005. It was based on a novel written by Scott Phillips titled The Ice Harvest. I have not yet found the time to read this novel but intend to. If it’s a tenth as good as the film, I know I’ll love it. Anyway, I was watching the DVD of this movie and noted it had many extras on the disc. One of the offered extras was different endings that Mr. Ramis had directed. There was a ‘happy’ ending and a tragically sad one. Both were great and made sense.
Many films have different endings than those written in the novels they are based on. Cujo and The Mist, both written by Stephen King, had significantly different endings than in the movies.
I’m sure if I did some research I could find many more examples where the story has different endings, but I think I made my point.


Fortunate Cookie is a tale my daughter wrote and that I stole to add to this collection of short stories. Actually, she graciously allowed me to toss a dab of my writing skills here and there into the story and granted me her kind permission to publish it. My daughter is so awesome!
I was finishing up the revisions to everything else in this publication and realized that I knew very little about this tale and got some help from her. It was a typical Saturday evening when I tapped on her bedroom door and asked, “Oh, great kind and ingenious daughter of mine, might I have a moment of your precious time?”
Her voice came through the closed door, sharp as a knife and cold as a banker's heart, “Enter.”
I ignored the cats as they cowered briefly then ran to hide under her bed. (They don't like me very much, but I like them)
“Daughter, might I ask a few questions regarding your story, Fortunate Cookie?”
“Sit father, for you are old and weary.”
I sat down and her bed groaned, as the cats hissed angrily from beneath. (Where they were hiding)
“So, how ya doin?”
Her expression showed displeasure at my inane attempt at conversation so I quickly spilled the beans and explained I need her input on the story she'd penned.
“What would you say is your favorite part of the story?” The middle-aged author asked his teenage daughter/author.
“The angel's appearance and the way she was presented.”
I nodded and quickly jotted down the words then asked, “So, uh why did you spell the word color with a u?”
She gave me a pitying look and explained, “Colour, with the u, is the original British spelling.”
I was tempted to ask if she realized that we we're Americans, living in the armpit of the south; Alabama, but feared something horrible might happen. Perhaps an earthquake, or something equally catastrophic, seemed possible so I merely nodded and jotted down what she said.
I adjusted my black fedora to a slightly rakish angle and asked, “So, what do you think of your famous father and his literally dozens of fans who enjoy reading his rambling and grammatically questionable attempts at creating literature?”
There was a slight pause that made me wonder if she were trying to think of something nice to say, before she said, “It's good. I'm going to do the same thing (write novels)... when I get old.” She then paused as she saw her old decrepit father writing her words and added, “I meant when I get older.”
“For the readers who want to know, what is your favorite band and television show?”
“I listen to Animal Collective and enjoy the show Amazing World of Gumball.”
Nodding, as if I knew what the heck she was talking about, I asked a last annoying question, “Favorite color?”
“You're out of good questions, aren't you?”
I nodded and lowered my head in shame as she said, “Indigo. Now depart and finish thy masterpiece of literature.
I fled and wrote up this fascinating look at the author of Fortunate Cookie.


Chef’s Surprise really came from nowhere in particular and pissed me off to no end.
I’d started it several years ago and liked the beginning and middle quite a bit. It was discovering an ending, which I also liked, that was a pain.
I’m not sure how many people are ready to boil over and kill their bosses, but if your supervisor or boss has never made you mad I don’t know how well you can empathize with the chef. Every now and then someone just goes nuts and shoots up their workplace and fellow employees then almost always commit suicide; most often after the cops have been summoned. 
The following is just a personal observation- Wouldn’t it be nice if they’d be considerate enough to just commit suicide and leave everybody else alone?
Crazy people, or people pushed to insanity, are in my personal opinion much more dangerous and scary than the nastiest undead types of monstrosities imaginable.

The end of Chef’s Surprise was the last hold-out from my finishing this collection and for a long while I toyed with, deep regret, the idea of simply leaving it out of the book altogether. My confused bewildered simmering brain often wondered, usually while I tried to fall asleep without success, WHY not? Who would know or care if I left it out? It was an annoyingly valid and logical question, but something odd happened a week after my self-imposed deadline was blown past, like a 1985 Yugo GV at a NASCAR race.

I had started doing revisions on the rest of the stories and just finished a six hour ordeal trying to make THE FALL OF BAYONNE read like a great piece of fine literature. Needless to say it didn’t turn out that way, but I liked it nonetheless. Weary yet not at all sleepy I fell into my bed and tossed and turned for awhile.
Chef’s Surprise was itching at the back of my brain and I turned my somewhat disturbing thoughts back to my dilemma of the ending. Up to that point I had gotten as far as the detective averting his gaze as the chef changed his pants, and even had an ending in mind that could work but didn’t (as my buddy Derek might say) “Float my boat.”
The hidden surveillance camera ending that had recorded the murder would quite nicely end the story, but it felt ‘flat’ and uninteresting. I don’t like the idea of spending great gobs of my life writing something I feel to be uninteresting. I could get probably a job at a newspaper reviewing current television shows and movies if I wanted to do that. HA HA HA!
But then the answer sneaked up and punched me in the face. The chef was serving his sentence at Bayonne when it was overthrown! YES! Now, that was something that definitely could “Float my boat.”
Personally, I always loved watching Lt. Detective Columbo as portrayed by Peter Falk on TV and on DVD. And while my Detective Frank Falkner is perhaps a poor substitute to the original, he is presented as a loving and grateful homage and a tribute back to a time when television still had writers who created interesting characters and stories.
Rest in peace, Mr. Falk, and thank you.

Cato aka Mr. Jacobie, the elderly ninja was a fluke, but I like him quite a bit.
Some of you who have read Chronicles of the Undead- The Emperor of Bayonne Prison may be wondering if Chef Maurice LeBeouf and Cato will make an appearance in the next Chronicles novel. It's a very good question.


TIME TO GIVE OUT SOME THANKS

Who should I thank this time?
Hm? It's actually a pretty big question if you consider it. A hundred years after my body has turned to dust, after the worms tired of playing pea-knuckle (It’s a card game) on my snout someone theoretically could be reading this. Thus, it’s a big responsibility regarding who to offer thanks to.
I could give thanks to Mrs. Veal or Mrs. Scarbrough, my third and fourth grade teachers. But I always hated doing homework when I was a kid. I'd always prefer watching Gil Gerard in Buck Rogers rather than learning proper grammar stuff, such as where commas should go and not go.
Actually, I'm still kind of pissed at Mrs. Scarbrough. Just after I mastered the ability to print letters and words that were somewhat legible she introduced cursive handwriting. I was so pissed off! You wouldn't think a little kid could be as angry as I was, but it's true. I still remember her saying, “This is an S,” and me thinking, BULLSHIT! That squiggly thing doesn't look anything like an S!
But I digress... as I often do.

Who to thank? Perhaps I should just thank the second most popular/successful horror author of the last few decades. He wrote a novel I picked up on sale at Wal-Mart for $3.00, back around 2009. I'd read at least a dozen of his earlier works and though some were hit and miss they were usually entertaining. (Certainly at least three bucks worth, in every prior case)
And this particular story he’d written started out okay, but around page thirty or so everything started to feel bad. There were long boring descriptions (well written, with commas in the right places and everything, but boring) that seemed to go on forever. I became nauseated and light-headed the more I tried to read it. Eventually around page seventy I did something I'd never done before.
I gave up and handed the book over to a coworker that I knew also read the same author's stuff.

Later he told me he'd managed to finish the book but only after struggling to get through it. We sat around smoking fine Cuban cigars and drinking Cognac on his yacht (okay it was a bass boat and we were swilling Budweiser and smoking Winstons) and we compared notes on this particular novel.
Eventually, after consuming most of a twelve pack of alcohol, we agreed the problem wasn't the story per se but the long and relatively pointless descriptions that went on for pages and pages. If the story had a quarter to a third of the long boring descriptions slashed out of it we agreed it would have been a pretty good tale. I won't mention the title but somewhere below you might find the author's initials cleverly hidden in a very brief short story, but it would probably take a detective or some kind of inspector to figure it out.

You may have noticed that I like rambling when I write.
Yes, I realize I just spent the last two paragraphs saying how much I hated a book that had long boring descriptions, but rambling really isn't the same thing.
Don't you guys roll your eyes at me! It's really not the same at all.
If the rambling or meandering helps spell out how or why a character acts or behaves the way they do, I believe side trips can be worth taking. Plus, they can be fun if they’re interesting.
What? You're rolling your eyes again. Not all of you, but I can imagine some of you sitting there staring at your tablets and screens shaking your heads.
It may come as a shock to some of you people, but I get to have fun too when I write stuff. I know some writers will swear up and down that spinning a story is a tedious frustrating experience, and yes sometimes it is; but I must be extra weird because I generally enjoy what I write.
I get to exercise, or is it ‘exorcise’, some demons and dole out punishments sometimes for truly nasty characters.

A goofy example might help to clarify this.
My son and I were cruising along and had to stop for a red traffic light. (Sometimes we stop at green ones just for fun)While stopped, my offspring spotted a cretin in the next car tossing cigarette butts out of his window.
“Dad, did you see that! He's littering?” My sometimes goofy, but always observant son most astutely pointed out.
I nodded and said something like, “Yep, that's not a good thing to do.”
“Well, go do something,” he said, staring up at his heroic father.
In reality, I simply told him the sad truth. “Son, there's not a lot I can do. I can't make him clean up his mess.” (I left out explaining that the cretin could have a gun and might have shot his heroic father in the face) But I did say, “If you become a cop when you grow up you could do something about it, but until then we just have to put up with jerks like that.”

That's pretty much how things happened that day, boring but typical. However, if I were wearing my writer's hat (it's a black fedora, by the way) I could probably have done things much differently.

SAME SCENE TAKE TWO (wearing my writer's hat)

“Dad, did you see that! He's littering?” My sometimes goofy, but always observant son pointed out.
I put the van's transmission in park and said, “You stay here, son. I'll handle this.”
Stepping out and hurrying over to the car, with its pile of freshly deposited refuse of cigarette butts and ashes, I flung open the door. I seized the startled young man around the throat, and growled, “Good afternoon, citizen. I believe you 'accidentally' dropped some trash onto our fair city's streets. Perhaps, you'd like to rectify this inadvertent oversight,” I said while squeezing his neck until faint crackling sounds could be heard.
The young man nodded weakly as oxygen deprivation quickly began setting in.
I released him so that he could put his vehicle into park and then stood aside, hands planted firmly on my middle aged hips, as my red cape fluttered in the brisk breeze.
I watched him carefully and pointed out the few stray ashes he missed and suggested he try using his tongue to get them up.
Rather than face the righteous fury of DADDY MAN, he quickly slathered the pavement until all offending remnants of the ashes were gone.

As the young man climbed back into his car, I called out, “Remember what my good friend Woodsy Owl says, give a hoot don't pollute!”
After climbing back in my vehicle I noticed my son's eyes were quite rightfully filled with hero worship for his old man, and we soon continued on our way to the Zoo.

Like I said, it's a goofy example, but it's representative of the way I'd like things to be. In Valley of Death- Zombie Trailer Park readers met Charlie Farro and learned quite a bit about the guy. He's a veteran who managed to get blown up pretty good and had his heart broken, but then I swung things around so he was seen more as a nauseating pervert than anything else.
I don't care for perverts too much, personally. So when a host of horrible things happen to the guy who richly deserved them, plus a lot worse, I'm having just as much fun writing it as the reader is in reading it. (Except for the perverts who must have felt pretty bad for Charlie)

I generally like the underdog character. Not the movie or the cartoons about a kind of super dog, although I liked those too. The underdog is the guy you wouldn't think could ever be a hero, but somehow manages to pull it off.


A QUESTION FROM MY EMAIL BAG

What are your favorite TV shows?
Most current TV shows are painful to watch, at least for me. I'll make the list short, so people won't say, “He's padding the book's word count with stupid stuff!” (Although, I realize they probably will do that anyway.)
My Name is Earl was a fun yet thought provoking series that looked at the issue of Karma and it's probably my favorite comedy of all time.
A close 2nd would be the only current comedy (As of January 2013) that I regularly watch on TV; The Big Bang Theory.
In no particular order the rest of my favorite comedies include: Mary Tyler Moore, Barney Miller, Seinfeld, The Cosby Show, 3rd Rock From The Sun, Drew Carey Show, King of the Hill, Monty Python's Flying Circus, Black Adder, Mystery Science Theater 3000, Malcolm in The Middle, Bernie Mac, The Brady Bunch, News Radio, Gilligan's Island, and a precious few others.

Favorites in drama include: The Twilight Zone, LOST, ALIAS, Columbo, The Rockford Files, Kolchak The Nightstalker, X Files- first few seasons, Little House on The Prairie (Odd but TRUE), Game of Thrones, Boardwalk Empire, Eureka, Breaking Bad, Firefly, The Wonder Years, and YES I watch The Walking Dead too.

If I failed to mention a show you love that doesn't mean I hate it but it's likely.
The nice thing about the deplorable state of television today (at least for me) is that it has, generally speaking, gotten so bad that I find myself with time to write fine literature (cough) as opposed to watching those shows currently being produced.
A few younger readers may have wondered about many of the older shows I mentioned above. Trust me, go find a DVD or check the internet for places that stream them and take a peek, you will probably like them.


BEGGING AND PLEADING TIME:
Now for the part I hate having to do, even more than revising my own work. I need your help. I really do enjoy milking my surly cow of a brain and squirting out stories. It's actually quite a bit on fun when the juices are freely flowing, so to speak, but...and this is hard for me to write...The cow likes to feel appreciated.
I know you already plunked down a few hard earned bucks and probably feel that should be thanks enough for such a beast like me who somehow learned something of the art of storytelling. And you're absolutely right, but if you could take a few minutes to write a review to share your thoughts wherever you got your copy of ZAOUT I would greatly appreciate it.
I realize it's a lot to ask but I truly do thank you.
If you're one of those shy types, you could always drop me a note at handsonpp@aol.com and I'll see it there.

A VERY POINTLESS SHORT STORY

The inspector stared at the assembled servants of the manor house and drawled in a deeply southern accent, “I suppose you all might be wondering who in tarnation wrote such a travesty of literature to spur an illiterate twit from the backwoods of Alabama, namely William Robert Bebb aka Billy Bob Bebb, to take it into his fool head to write stories himself; the type of stories that only the mentally deranged would pay good money to read, mind you.”
The one armed pianist looked at his wristwatch, attached to the arm that was still there, and yawned hugely.
The inspector wondered how the one armed pianist managed to put the watch on his wrist in the first place, before striding over to the bookcase. “Bear in mind, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Bebb- if that is his real name- said it was the second most popular and successful horror novelist of the last few decades that inspired him with a horrible novel. Which begs the question ... Who is the first most popular?”
The upstairs maid with the impressively filled blouse raised a hand timidly before saying, “Monsieur Steven King, perhaps? He writes many stories that give me the goose bumplies all over my body when I read his stories late at night, usually in bed. Is he not the king of horror?”
“Exactly, the point I was driving toward. Thank you, Babbette. Perhaps when we're done down here you could take to you room and show me your-” The inspector paused with a lecherous smile, apparently lost in thought before continuing “...your uh... literature collection. And perhaps I'll show you my hardcover,” he said with a wink and a wicked grin.

The one armed pianist waved his hand in the air over his head. The one attached to the only arm he possessed, that is, and asked, “Can we wrap this up, please. Or are you finished?”
The inspector spun around and asked, “Why are you in such a hurry… Lefty? You got some shoe laces to go tie?”
The gasps and irritated murmurs from the assembled staff, even Babbette, made the inspector take a step back as he asked, “Who pissed off William Bebb enough that he'd attempt to write novels? Typically, goofy oddball things laced with the gratuitous use of words like ‘boobies’ and’ balls’?” 
The inspector looked at the bookshelves and perused the dusty tomes until he nodded slightly and muttered, “A-ha.”

Suddenly the drawing room was cast into darkness. A shot rang out! A door slammed. The maid screamed and a loud thud was heard before the lights were turned back on.
The one armed pianist and Babbette were in the midst of a passionate three armed embrace, but no one seemed to notice them. All eyes were slapped upon the murdered form of the inspector. He was lying in a pool of printers ink and every square inch of his body was covered in discounted price stickers from Wal-Mart.
The chef crept over as everyone else went about their lives, supremely indifferent to the whole seemingly pointless affair. Chef Jeff Boyardee knew he'd need to go to the kitchen soon to check on his spaghetti sauce, but knelt down and saw the inspector's index finger pointing at the bookcase. It looked like he'd scribbled two letters on the knotty pine wood in his own blood.
After Chef Boyardee read the letters he adjusted his tall gleaming white poufy hat and wandered toward the kitchen, ignoring the fornicating Babbette and one armed pianist, while wondering who D.K. could possibly be. And if he knew what hell he had set loose in writing a book so bad that William Bebb began savagely pounding on keyboards, in revenge; Meaningless pointless revenge. (The kind that can be quite a bit of fun from time to time)


Okay, I'm done now. Thanks for reading.
-William Bebb
(PS: If you didn’t understand the clue and need the author’s name spelled out for you, drop me an email and I’ll try to explain it more simply)


The following is a scene from Chronicles of the Undead - The Emperor of Bayonne Prison.

I won't say it's my favorite scene but I like it quite a bit. To set it up I'll tell you this much, George is driving a very old semi tractor rig. (He's not very good at driving it) In the passenger seat there is Captain Renault, a retired Louisiana State Trooper. And sitting between them is one of the prison guard dogs George named Frito.
Also on occasion, George hears the ghost of an old ‘friend’ who was a fellow prisoner named Vito or perhaps he simply imagines he hears it.


“There's a little town ahead called CooterLique. It's just over this rise. People who lived there were pretty poor. Most of them lived in public housing or apartments and commuted on buses to work in surrounding bigger cities,” the captain said, then paused to listen to the howling sounds before adding, “Get this thing out of second gear and punch the gas pedal. I think we’re about to find something very bad ahead.”
George had the tractor up to fifty miles per hour when they crested the hill. Renault quickly rolled his window back up as the stench of rotting undead came on with all the subtlety of a fist punch to the face.

The little town on the other side of the hill was like any of hundreds George had seen before, in better days. There were side streets lined with modest-looking houses, a gas station, two churches separated by a few blocks, a grocery store with a smiling cartoon pig on the facade, a school adjoining a medium sized park, apartment complexes made up of several large buildings - and that's where the similarities with anything he'd seen before abruptly ended.
George wanted to ask how many people had lived here but as the thousands of undead noticed the rig rolling into town and began moving toward it at varying speeds, he understood that it just didn't matter and realized - as he shifted into the next highest gear - he really didn't want to know.

If there were still people alive somewhere in the town, they obviously weren't among the multitude of undead people crawling, shambling, walking (and even a few trotting) toward the rig. Despite having the windows rolled up, the howls and screams issuing from many of them was almost deafening. Frito only made matters worse by sticking his paws up on the dashboard and barking savagely at them.
“Don't you dare stop for anything! If we stop, we won't have a prayer!” Renault yelled over the undead yells and George nodded as the rig started hitting the closest figures.
The plow edges welded onto the rig's bumper sliced into as well as shoving aside the undead.  Bloated from the heat, many of the undead popped when the plow hit them. A few splatters of grayish-black liquid splashed against the windshield and George flipped on the windshield wipers - very glad he'd remembered to make sure the wiper fluid container was slap full of the blue stuff.
“Go through the supermarket parking lot! There's something blocking the road ahead!” Renault yelled over the undead noises and the dog's barking.

George quickly saw he was right. A long mostly burned-out bus with a big gray dog logo on the side was taking up most of the road and, inexplicably, three ice cream trucks were blocking the rest.
The dog's barking was making it hard to concentrate and George yelled, “Frito, Shut up!” as he turned toward the supermarket.
Frito stopped barking but continued to growl fiercely while looking in several directions. His neck was twisting back and forth so fast George absently wondered if dogs could suffer whiplash.

There were a few cars in the supermarket parking lot, but George thought he could easily drive past them. Unfortunately, because there were so many undead in the way, he didn't notice the first speed bump until after they hit it.
The rig left the ground briefly.
When it hit the pavement it bounced and jerked so powerfully and violently George yelled, “What the fuck was that?!” as he struggled to keep from slamming in to one of the cars. He was forced to slow down to regain control. Things were complicated even further when Frito landed on the stick shift, making changing gears much more difficult.
“Speed bumps! Watch out for them! I don't think we can take another hit like that!” Renault yelled as he tried to pull the big scared dog away from the stick shift.
In doing so, the dog's butt bumped into an eight track cartridge and knocked it into the player.
As thousands of undead townspeople converged on the slowly moving tractor trailer rig, the somewhat loud yet also somehow relaxingly mellow voice of Barry Manilow began singing, “I can't smile without you.”
If George weren't struggling to get the rig moving faster - while also trying to avoid more speed bumps and parked cars - he would have turned it down at the very least.

His mom had always been a big fan of Mr. Manilow and often played his greatest hits when George was growing up - before she left her husband and young son in search of something they apparently couldn't provide. He'd never admit it to anyone, but when he was seven years old, his mom had found an instrumental version of Copa Cabana and worked with George until he could sing a fairly good version of it.
Yesterday, as he'd been starting to freak out as night fell and it got dark, he found the eight track cartridge and played it. He was singing “Copa Cabana” along with Barry until he spotted the lights of Willows Bend Estates.
Captain Renault was still pulling Frito away from the stick shift while giving George an odd look as the eight track player made a kachunk sound and an energetic disco-era beat began playing.

The plow snagged a grocery cart with an undead baby securely strapped into the seat.
It was wearing a badly-rotted bonnet and bib. The bib had the faded and bloodstained words “Mommy's Little Monster” printed on it.
The baby had horrible patches of missing skin - so much so that bones could be seen along its small slender and wildly wiggling arms. It glared up at the windshield, but neither man looked down at it.

As Barry Manilow started to sing “Copa Cabana,” George joined in as he steered the rig back into the main street - beyond the blockage of the bus and trio of ice cream trucks.
Frito stopped struggling and growling to watch George singing while tilting his head slightly.
When the rig got up to forty-five miles an hour, the grocery cart broke loose from the metal struts of the plow and rolled down a side street. Unlike most grocery carts in the world, this one had four wheels that actually worked fairly well - without the usual annoying wobbles and shimmies - and it picked up speed rather than slowing.
When it hit the curb that ran alongside the park, the cart flipped and somersaulted until finally coming to a stop near a long-unused slide that was covered in dust and spider webs. The heavily weathered and severely weakened safety belt held together when the shopping cart crashed, but the equally weathered and rotted undead baby didn't.
The legs and most of its maggot-infested lower half of the infant remained securely hanging in the baby seat. Whereas the head, torso and arms flew several yards through the air before landing unharmed (other than the fact it was already dead) in a sandbox near some long-forgotten plastic toys. The baby lifted its face from the sand and squished its tiny rotted fingers through the granules of loose sand and grunted grumpily.


When they were nearly through the small town and George almost had the rig up to seventy miles an hour, Captain Renault turned down the eight track stereo, rolled down the passenger side window and the sound of a church bell ringing could be heard clearly - even over the rig's roaring engine and the howls of the pursuing mob.
The old man muttered, “Damn” and looked over at George.
“What? Yeah, I hear it too... but get real. We're almost out of here and you want us to turn around and go back? You can't be serious.”
Captain Renault sighed and pointed at a store half a mile ahead that bought car titles for loans that didn't seem to have anyone around it. “Stop over there.”
“I thought we were going to look for the caravan,” George said in disgust as he slowed and pulled into the parking lot. He got the rig turned back around and ready to leave in case they had to go in a hurry.
They could see that the street back toward town was teeming with undead. There were so many that very little of the road could be seen.

“We got about a minute until they get here, so let me make this quick. There are two reasons we need to go back and find that church or whatever it is ringing that bell. The first is that it's possible the caravan might be there, but the second reason is more important. What if it were you or me ringing that bell?”
George sighed and quickly looked at his wristwatch before reaching down and pulling out three pipe bombs from the small compartment beside his door. He handed them to Renault, who nodded and produced a lighter from his shirt pocket.
“When we drive back through them I'll toss them into the crowds.”
George nodded and said, “I think we may have another problem. There's a check engine light flashing on the dashboard. When we hit that speed bump, something might have gotten busted.”
“Then we probably wouldn't have made it much farther anyway. Let's get moving while we still can. They're almost here - try to stay as far to the left side of the road as you can.”
George revved the engine and started out of the driveway. It felt like a hopeless situation but he couldn't resist saying, “Don't worry, we're on a mission from God.”
Captain Renault grinned at the young man and got ready to light the first fuse.

The engine coughed unsteadily for several seconds before it roared - at least temporarily - back to life. It was running rough and choppy by the time he managed to coax it into second gear.
“Get this damn thing going faster! I can't toss these things unless we can outrun the blast. How long are these fuses set for?” 
“Five seconds, maybe.”
The old man grumbled under his breath and watched the speedometer slowly creeping up.
When they were heading through town earlier, they'd had speed and momentum on their side, but now they had neither. Each undead body they struck made the rig shudder and even as the plow tip continued to cut, slice and shove the undead aside, the rough-sounding engine had to work even harder to keep them moving.
They didn't seem able to go faster than twenty-five miles an hour and Renault finally said, “Here we go” as he lit the first pipe bomb and tossed it through his open window, then lit the next one, and the next.

George nervously watched the explosives being tossed out and prayed the old man didn't accidentally drop one inside the cab. He knew from personal experience just how bad doing such a thing would be. When he was in high school, a friend of his gave him nearly a dozen homemade M-80's as a birthday present.
Being a typical teenager with high explosives at his disposal, George had been riding around in his dad's new Mercedes, tossing them out through the passenger window. He hadn't thrown them at anything of particular importance or value (except perhaps to the owners of the mailboxes, trashcans and bird baths he destroyed), but then he blew up something he hadn't intended to - his dad's car.
He had the passenger side window rolled down and the bag of M-80s in the seat. When he lit the fuse on the sixth one and tossed it toward the window, it hit the roof of the car and bounced back into the bag full of highly-illegal and destructive explosives.
George had been driving slowly, and as he dove out of his dad's Mercedes, which was probably the only reason he didn't get seriously hurt from the fall. He ran and quickly climbed over a low retaining wall and didn't look back at the car until after a long, loud, and very bright series of explosions rocked the quiet neighborhood awake at two in the morning.
What was left of the car was not salvageable - except for the hood ornament, which had been blasted into the trunk of a nearby oak tree. The insurance company and police were equally un-amused with his idiotic shenanigans. But because he was only fifteen years old, there was no jail time. But his dad saw that George was more than adequately punished.
It was with all that in mind that he prayed fervently the old man would not have an accident with the pipe bombs. Plus, even if they could dive out of the rig, they'd be torn to shreds by the masses of undead just as assuredly as if they'd remained seated.

George looked out the driver’s side window and just hoped he didn't hear the old man say, “Oops.”
There was a day-old bakery building with a sign in the window promising all the savvy shoppers of CooterLique that they could purchase assorted flavors of frosted fruit pies at the remarkably low price of five for a dollar. George briefly wondered about the quality of such a low-priced product before glancing down at the dashboard. The temperature gauge was inching upward and he whispered, “Vito, you got any advice?”
A moment before the first pipe bomb detonated the ghostly voice of Vito whispered inside his head, “Other than questioning the wisdom of letting a one-eyed old man with undoubtedly poor depth perception handle high explosives, nope. Sorry.”

The explosive force shook the truck and blew apart the undead in a roughly forty-foot diameter. Many more were knocked to the ground by the shock wave, but it seemed like a drop in the bucket of walking corpses as more and more closed in to fill the newly-created gaps.
George spotted an alley between the day-old bakery and a thrift store with a loading dock full of unsorted donations along one side. There weren't many undead in the alley, so he steered for it. The rig's plow tip scraped against the slight rise between the road and alley, but a second later they were rolling downhill between the buildings.
The other two pipe bombs exploded at almost the same time and Renault looked through the rear window. He noticed that the window could slide partway open and said, “Quick, give me another of those fire crackers. If we get through this mess, someday, I want to try these things next time I go fishing.”
George reached down and the rig started scraping along the side the loading dock. He quickly corrected the steering wheel, grabbed another bomb and handed it to the old man.
Renault was actually laughing as he lit the bomb and tossed it as far and as hard as he could. It arced up in the air toward the tightly-packed wave of undead streaming into the alley.
At the bottom of the alley, a gravel road went left and right, while straight ahead there was about thirty feet of tall grass that ended in a lake which stretched off for a few hundred feet.
George chose right and prayed it didn't end in a dead end.

When the pipe bomb struck against a medium sized metallic tank that had been left near the edge of the loading dock, it made a fairly loud gong-like noise that attracted the attention of a shuffling undead woman with dirty neon red dyed hair. She saw the small metal thing clatter to the pavement near her torn and maggot-infested feet and stopped to pick it up. Staring at the smoke and sparks issuing from the fuse through her gray glazed-over eyes, she made an “Mmm” noise.
Others continued streaming by and jostled her, but she was mesmerized by the pipe bomb and glanced over at the metallic tank before rapping the piece of metal against it. It made the same gong-like noise, so she whacked it over and over again.
Sniffing the smoke coming from the burning fuse, she opened her mouth and more maggots spilled out as she made an “Umm” noise.
She brought the short length of pipe down once more against the tank, and as the gong sounded, the pipe bomb detonated.

If the thrift store manager hadn't committed suicide when the dead first began attacking the living (over a year earlier), he would have most certainly ordered the staff to get rid of the old propane tank Buford Gilmore had left as a donation.
Buford had been a well-meaning idiot and thought the thrift store would be able to find someone who could use the half-full tank of propane.
It was a fairly large, badly-rusted tank that had sat outside Buford's old trailer home on the outskirts of town. And while it may have outlived its usefulness to its former owner, the propane tank found a new purpose as a massive bomb set off by a much smaller one.
As the rig finished turning on to the gravel path, the alley exploded in flames. The concussive force of the blast knocked down large sections of the brick walls of both the day old bakery and the old two-story thrift store. The structural integrity of both buildings was completely compromised, and the walls along the length of the alley collapsed like a massive tidal wave. The hundreds of undead who were tightly packed along the alley were either roasted and buried, or just buried - under several tons of brick and masonry.

The temperature gauge needle was creeping into the red zone and billows of steam trailed behind the rig as the engine coughed harder.
The gravel road seemed to end at an eight foot tall chain link fence which extended left about fifty yards and butted up against a three-story brick building to the right.
“I like them firecrackers, son. They got a Hell of a kick,” Renault said.

* Look for Chronicles of the Undead- The Emperor of Bayonne Prison for more of George's story.

The horrible conclusion to Southwestern Road Trip

There was a brief moment that Sheriff Guiteriz thought the worst was over. It was very brief.
As the helicopters remained overhead, two National Guardsmen rappelled down from the CDC chopper and dragged the handcuffed Keith Dudley a few dozen feet from the SUV. 
Deputies helped lead Bo to the ropes they’d used to lower themselves into the canyon. Autry was dazed and drifting out of consciousness but was actually feeling fairly good except for his bullet wound. It hurt each time he put weight on the injured leg and he hissed through his teeth with every step.
One deputy that had served as a medic in Afghanistan, before coming back to New Mexico, took a quick look at the bullet wound and slapped Autry gently on his shoulder. He had to shout to be heard over the sound of the helicopters and the voices going back and forth over his walkie talkie. “You’re one lucky son of a bitch, Bo! It looks like the bullet missed the bone altogether! We won’t know until they get some X-rays but I think you should be fine!”
Bo nodded and allowed his fellow deputies to strap him one of the climbing rigs and was soon being hauled up to the access road.


The sheriff told the man in the back of the SUV to calm down as he shouted about his wife and son who had both been seriously injured. Guiteriz radioed Captain Lopez to send for a Med-Evac helicopter and went to the rear of the vehicle where there was no infected blood. He definitely didn’t want the family members trying to crawl through the glass and razor sharp metal that was coated in the ICE agent’s blood. While he wasn’t certain that was how the illness making people go insane was spread, he didn’t want to take any chances.
Henry was sliding his unconscious son through the smashed back window of the vehicle saying, “Help Edwin, first. He’s hurt more than the rest of us.”
Guiteriz nodded and started for the rear of the SUV and heard the little girl saying, “A wolf tore up his arm. Please, you’ve got to help my little brother.”
He caught a glimpse of the little boy’s unconscious face and tried to squeeze into the narrow area where Edwin was. The sheriff’s stomach was too large to pass by the big rocks and he was about to call for someone skinnier to come help when his radio came to life. It was Captain Lopez shouting, “Run sheriff. Get out of there now! Run damn it!”

Guiteriz’s hand was so close to reaching the boy he almost ignored the warning. Stretching harder he brushed his fingers on the little boy’s leg but just couldn’t grab a hold. There was a loud cracking sound and the ground shuddered as if a giant had stomped down somewhere very close by.
Lopez’s frantic voice screamed over the radio, “There’s no time! Run!”
The sheriff had known Lopez for a very long time and didn’t pause to ask why. Instead, he shouted to Henry, “Stay here! I’m going to get help!” before turning and running. There was another tremendous cracking and crashing sound coming from the hillside behind him that went on for a few seconds before an incredibly powerful dull boom shook the ground with enough force to knock the sheriff off his feet.
An earthquake was the only unlikely thing that Guiteriz could think of as he tumbled and rolled through the rocks and sand until slamming into one of the canyon walls.

Dust filled the air and the sheriff coughed so hard he could see spots flashing behind his tightly closed eyes. Barely able to breathe, he lifted his undershirt up over his face to filter out the worst of the dust. 
The radio crackled and he could hear Lopez shouting, “Does anyone see the sheriff!? Oh shit! Did he get clear!? Back those fucking helicopters out of here now, before more of the mountain comes crashing down, damn it!”
“I’m okay,” Guiteriz managed to say in a choked voice into his radio then coughed again before asking, “What the hell is going on?”
Lopez didn’t explain, he only asked, “There wasn’t anyone else in that SUV was there?”
The sheriff stood up unsteadily and stared back through the dust from the direction he’d come. Part of a tire that had burst like a balloon was sticking out from under a mammoth irregularly shaped rust colored boulder. The huge stone was taking up roughly twice the area where the SUV had been less than a minute earlier.
Guiteriz saw deputies running back from the hillside out of the corner of his eye as he crossed silently back over to where the car had been.
He spotted part of the barrel of his utterly destroyed Remington rifle sticking out from under the titanic boulder. Running to the far end of the boulder, where he’d briefly been earlier, Guiteriz was sickened and yet also given a small glimmer of hope.
The entire rear of the SUV was buried under the edge of the stone, but the overhanging boulders which had prevented him from reaching Edwin earlier had miraculously protected him from being crushed along with the rest of his family. One of the boy’s lower legs was apparently under the rock but his eyes were open and he was coughing.

“DeMarco, get your skinny ass in there!” The sheriff yelled to the thinnest deputy present while pointing at the narrow gap in the rocks.
Deputy DeMarco dropped down to his hands and knees and began squirming under the overhanging rock. The sheriff propped his flashlight so that the small space where Edwin was trapped had some light.


Bo was brought over to one of the department’s cruisers and looked up the hillside then over at what remained of another patrol vehicle that had been flattened as if it had been inside a car compactor used at some junkyards.
“How?” Bo managed to ask in a small voice as he stared down where the SUV had been moments before.
The deputy that had been a medic and had patched up Bo’s bullet hole shrugged and said, “I don’t know for sure. Maybe the helicopters blew some of the smaller rocks loose, up higher on the ridge and then the bigger ones gave way without them being there. Until finally the top of the mountain lost enough support that it just broke loose and rolled down. Good thing we got you out of there when we did.”
Bo was trembling but nodded before leaning back against the remaining squad car. “There wasn’t anyone in that thing, was there?” He asked pointing at what remained of the flattened cruiser.
“Nope, that was mine and DeMarco’s,” the deputy said while staring down at the mammoth boulder below. “I just hope there wasn’t anyone in that SUV.”
Bo felt sick as he remembered the children crying for help when he’d first arrived.


“The boy’s stuck in here like a rat in a trap, sheriff. I’m trying to dig down under the rock but the ground’s mighty hard,” DeMarco reported from his narrow workspace of overhanging boulders.
“Do you think there’s any way the others in the car could be alive?” Guiteriz asked, though he already knew the answer.
DeMarco called back, “No sir,” and sniffled as he continued digging under the boy’s trapped leg at the tough soil with his knife.
The sheriff thought DeMarco was about to cry until the deputy said, “There’s gasoline soaking into the dirt. And it’s starting to trickle into the hole I’m digging. If I keep going the blade could hit a rock and make a spark. What should I do?”
“STOP DIGGING!” The sheriff screamed then slightly less loudly he asked, “Can you pull the kid out?”
There was a scrabbling sound under the rock overhang and a long sustained grunt. “Yeah! His leg and foot are fucked up but he’s free.”
Guiteriz got down on his hands and knees and looked into the narrow space. He could see the boy’s small body being shoved toward the opening and started to reach in.
A second later the boy disappeared from view and DeMarco yelled, “Shit! God damn it, kid, stop that! I’m trying to help you!”
Savage growls and more screams came from inside the rocky enclosure. The sheriff quickly scooted back from the hole and yelled, “DeMarco! DeMarco, can you hear me!?”
Only more screams and yells drifted from the hole. Guiteriz backed up even more and drew his sidearm. Another deputy came up beside him and asked, “What’s going on, sheriff?”
“Something fucking horrible, now, go get those CDC fucks in their haz mat suits back over here and do it now.”

A few minutes later, Edwin emerged from the hole. The six year old boy was coated in so much blood it looked like he had no skin remaining on his small body. (They found out later nearly all of it belonged to Deputy DeMarco)
A CDC agent wearing a haz mat suit threw a net over Edwin and quickly got the boy aboard an ATV. The sheriff watched with no expression on his face as the boy was driven toward a temporary helipad outside the canyon. He had no idea where Edwin was being taken and at that moment didn’t much care, as long as it was far away from Albuquerque.
Captain Lopez handed the sheriff what he’d radioed for while they had awaited DeMarco’s appearance. Guiteriz nodded and squatted down a safe distance from the boulder so he could shine his flashlight into the narrow gap in the rocks where DeMarco had gone. His voice sounded tired and any thoughts of being a hero, like The Rifleman, were completely gone as he called out, “DeMarco? Come on out of there.”
There was movement in the gap. It was a slow process and Guiteriz felt more nauseated and sick to the stomach than afraid as what once had been one of his deputies inched its way out of the hole. For a moment he had a flash of hope when DeMarco’s left arm reached out of the gap and looked fairly normal, but then what was left of his head appeared. It looked like the deputy had been chewed on until nearly every inch of skin had been removed. Parts of his gray and crimson skull reflected the flashlight beam and Guiteriz could smell gasoline fumes in the air.
“I’m so sorry, son,” The sheriff said before moving upwind and shooting the deputy in his exposed skull. When the thing stopped moving Guiteriz lit the road flare and tossed it at the undead thing that used to be DeMarco.
The body had been soaking in gasoline since before Edwin emerged and quickly burst into flames.

Captain Lopez had the canyon searched completely by the deputies as members of the CDC dressed in hazardous material suits bagged up the wolf wrestler, or at least the pieces of him large enough to find at any rate.
The large wolf that had its spine snapped couldn’t be found and it was assumed to be under the titanic boulder that had crushed the SUV.
Lopez was asked what should be done about the crushed car by one of the deputies as he stared at mammoth stone. He shook his head and only looked back and forth between the sheriff and the stars shining overhead. When the deputy who had asked remained standing and obviously wanting an answer, the captain finally sighed and said, “We’ll worry about that later. You and the boys leave me one of the cruisers and go continue checking the perimeter. We don’t need any other… trailer trash getting out and…” he paused to look at the burst tire remnants of the SUV poking out from under an edge of the boulder before continuing, “causing trouble.”


When everyone had left except Lopez and the sheriff, the captain opened his backpack and pulled out a medium sized silver flask containing twelve year old scotch. He removed the cap and took a sip.
The sheriff hadn’t moved from where he’d been standing at the front edge of the titanic boulder for the last thirty minutes.
Captain Lopez almost leaned back against the stone but caught himself and stopped. If there were dead people under there it would be like sitting on a tombstone. Instead, he sat down cross legged on the ground and whispered, “Boss? Have a drink. You’ll feel better.”
The sheriff lowered his head and stared blearily over at his old friend. He didn’t speak for a long time then slowly lifted up what he’d been holding. It was something he’d found and used to subdue the ICE agent. He had taken it off Dudley before he was hauled off by the CDC agents; a long eared dust coated smiling bunny that was once called Mr. Cuddles.
###

